Python pelican (002601.sz) Chemical industry flagship depth report series (I): Integrating industrial chains and building global titanium powder giants
Long-term competitiveness rating: higher than industry average, industry optimized market surplus (multiple), company is the absolute leader in the domestic titanium industry: the company has a capacity of 560,000 tons of titanium powder.
With 500,000 tons of sulphuric acid, and 60,000 tons of chlorination. Energy is the fourth largest in Asia and the fourth in the world. At the same time, the company has 600,000 tons of titanium mineral power, with a strong advantage in integrated industrial chains.
The company has a very strong resource, cost and size advantage: the company's ecclesiastical iron and iron insurance company, which has a subsidiary in the dragon industry, has a capacity of nearly 180 million tons, designs a mining area of 8 million tons per year, provides a long-term guarantee of the company's titanium powder production of raw materials: the focal market is the country's important coal production base, the fire power base, the saloon and the coal.
The important export of coal-bed gases, coupled with easy transport, also facilitates the procurement of raw materials and the transport of products, effectively reducing the production costs of companies, which have the largest domestic capacity for titanium powder and, by virtue of their regulatory advantages, have a strong bargaining power both domestically and abroad.
Supply and demand patterns are gradually improving, and the situation in the titanium industry continues to improve: there are more marginal improvements in both supply and demand in the industry: the recovery of overseas properties has led to a sustained rise in domestic exports and the stabilization of domestic demand; and the supply of titanium has contracted in the country as a result of environmental constraints and the phase-out of small-scale production capacity, as well as large offshore producers.
The double improvement in supply and demand has contributed to the recovery of the industry. The rise in the price of titanium concentrates has been driven by both domestic and international factors: the share of production in the high-growing areas that are part of the domestic chain of titanium production has exceeded 15%, taking into account that more than 30% of the country ' s production capacity is affected by this environmental shock.
Countries such as Viet Nam, India, and other major importers are constrained by their export policies. There is limited room for improvement, and import ore prices continue to rise.
Driven by a gradual improvement in the supply of and demand for titanium powder, the company, as the leader of the titanium powder industry, will benefit fully from the continuous upswing of the industry. We predict that the company's ps from 2017 to 19 will each be Kwok Yifan.
The recovery of the overseas economy has been less than expected than the environmental control expected: the shooter shoots first and the thief takes first. The idea is to destroy the enemy's main forces in the battle and capture its leaders before destroying the enemy's forces.
The same is true of research, where companies in an industry are so complex that it is important to look closely at the growth, growth and exhibition of leading firms in every industry that have done more to understand and judge the development of the entire industry and other companies.
So, in line with the whole idea, we're launching the “Leader of the Chemical Industry” report, which focuses on the titanium industry, the dragon python pelican. Tons of tons, including 500,000 tons of sulphuric acid, and 60,000 tons of chlorination. Production is the number one in Asia.
Global fourth. At the same time, the company has 600,000 tons of titanium mineral power, with an extremely strong advantage in the integrated industrial chain. Making the company more resource, cost, and size superior.
The company is the leading exporter of titanium powder in the country, with a higher proportion of products exported. The company is investing in Hong Kong and the United Kingdom.
Resources and integrated industrial chain advantages, etc. Benefiting from environmental policies and commitment to environmental processes, have the technical advantages of chlorination.
The supply side: the contraction of the supply of titanium powder due to environmental constraints and the phasing out of small-scale production capacity, and the closing of high-cost production capacity by the overseas giants since 2015.
Environmental protection has further boosted the price increase for titanium powder. The average monthly production of titanium powder, which is affected by the environmental events, is around 30,000 tons, taking into account the country’s production of 10-20 million tons per month.
The dependence on titanium concentrate imports is high, with domestic and foreign factors simultaneously driving price increases. Domestic mineral production is limited and imports do not increase significantly, leading to a greater impact on titanium supply. The price of titanium concentrates continues to rise.
There is still much room for development in the domestic chlorination process. The chlorination process is more in line with future environmental requirements, and is easier to integrate internationally.
The company, the absolute leader in the titanium industry in the country, Henan Bari United Chemical Co. Ltd., was established in 2001 as the company’s predecessor, the Générale Générale Générale de Générale, and, after several physical reforms and expansion of production capacity, was listed in July 2011.
After the Division acquired the dragon industry through a non-public share, it was officially renamed the “Long Python Group” and became the world’s fourth leading company in Asia, with titanium powder producing 560,000 tons, including 500,000 tons of sulphuric acid, 60,000 tons of chlorination and 600,000 tons of chlorine.
There is a clear resource, cost, and size advantage in the industry. The company’s equity structure is reasonable. A natural person is the first shareholder, holding 20.5% of the shares; Tan Shing is the daughter of the first person who actually controls Li’s family rights.
Figure 2: Corporate equity structure (2016 q3), titanium powder is the company ' s main business, with a large overseas business, titanium powder is the firm ' s absolute main business, accounting for about 90 per cent of the company ' s principal income and 95 per cent of the company ' s Maori.
In 2012-2013, there was a slight decline in company-owned revenues and a significant decline in net profits, mainly due to a severe overcapacity and competition in the titanium powder industry, while the international economic environment was not favourable, leading to a low cycle of titanium powder industry.
▪ The company ' s profitability has increased since 2014 as a result of falling prices and higher sales of raw materials produced by the company, an increase in the product ' s Māori ratio, and a recovery in both business earnings and net profits of the company, with 19 per cent growth in 2014 and 2015 in the same year.
Companies are the leading exporters of titanium powder in the country, with a higher proportion of exports. In Hong Kong and the United Kingdom, they invest in companies, further accelerating the process of internationalization and increasing international influence.
The growing volume of clients; the large customer strategy pursued by companies with companies like Aksonobel, ppg, etc., has also made companies more profitable than inwards. The company is a leading company in the titanium industry, with a multi-pronged lead.
The company now produces 560,000 tons of titanium powder, the largest and fourth largest producer of titanium powder in Asia. Through resource integration, the company has achieved a whole industry chain layout with a clear energy cost advantage.
It also facilitates the procurement of raw materials and the transport of products, and effectively reduces the production costs of companies. Resource advantages are evident, and the markets for raw materials are less volatile.
With nearly 180 million tons of holdings and 8 million tons of annual mining in the design area, the company can be guaranteed long-term titanium powder production requirements. As a result, the company owns a complete chain of “magnetium mine - titanium concentrate - titanium powder” and the front end of the mine is enriched by self-selected demand.
Integrating high-quality resources and further expanding the advantages of the industrial chain. After the company acquired Rillium, it significantly increased its ability to choose from the minerals, thereby increasing the self-sufficiency of titanium concentrate and guaranteeing the stability of the company’s raw materials, thereby increasing its profitability and the competitiveness of the industry.
The pre-merger, the dragon industry, and the clairvoyant industry are the country’s first and second largest titanium powder production bases, with significant scale advantages. In 2015, the combined exports of the platinum and platinum industry accounted for 43% of total exports, thus increasing the trading voice of companies, thereby effectively enhancing bargaining power.
To benefit from environmental policies and to work on environmental processes. Since the company's listing, it has given high priority to environmental inputs, and projects such as titanium gypsum integrated use have made the company's environmental performance a top priority in the country: it will be more competitive as a leading firm in the context of increasingly stringent environmental policies in the future.
The country currently has only 100,000 tons of chlorination capacity, less than 4% of total titanium powder production. The company has set aside a new production line on the basis of the 60,000 tons of chlorination production line, and the new chlorination line is being accelerated.
Figure 10: The company ' s process of chlorination II. Supply and demand patterns are gradually improving, and the landscape of titanium powder is expected to continue to rise. The price of titanium powder in the country has increased by more than 70 per cent since 2016, and the demand for basics of the industry has improved significantly.
The end-side benefits from downstream warming, such as property, cars, etc., are gradually emerging from the lowlands; supply-side industries are moving forward with the acceleration of industrial integration, strengthening policies and regulations such as environmental protection, moving the industry into a cycle of phasing out excess and backward capacity, and the overall “supply side” reform of the industry is progressing steadily.
At the end of supply: excess capacity leads to price wars, simultaneous domestic and foreign production capacity, and international giants have been able to phase out some of their capacity, with domestic capacity rising from year to year. In 2000, domestic titanium powder produced only 340,000 tons of capacity, with explosive growth reaching 3.6 million tons/year in 2015, roughly.
It accounts for half of the global production of titanium powder. The pressure from the international giants, Como, Hensmann, and Tenor, became more concentrated in the second half of the year, and new expansion planning was generally limited. To some extent, it eased overcapacity in the industry.
Domestic supply-side reforms to clear production capacity, some SMEs have been forced to exit due to cost pressures. The price of titanium powder continued to decline in 2012-2015, while some SMEs had been cut off due to cost pressures.
In the future, the state will continue to control the growth of productive capacity and accelerate the withdrawal of backward capacity, thereby reducing the disorderly competition in the industry. The country’s titanium powder production fell for the first time in 2016, and the industry’s actual start-up rate has exceeded 80%, according to our grass-roots research.
There is a strong trend to integrate and buy and speed up the process. The top 10 titanium companies in the world now account for 70% of the world’s total capacity; the country’s titanium industry is less concentrated, with the top 10 firms accounting for about 52% of its domestic capacity, and there is still much room for improvement abroad.
Demand side: Downstream demand has gradually improved, overseas exports have increased significantly, and the recovery in the real estate sector in the United States and Europe has greatly improved demand for overseas titanium, which is now emerging in India, and will be in demand in the future. The overseas titanium powder giants have raised product prices several times since last year.
Quarterly rates of start-up and industry climates continue to rise. Our net exports of titanium continue to increase.
In the United States, the same percentage of newly built private homes (%) that are already under construction continues to warm up in the country’s real estate sector. In 2016, there was an increase of nearly 25% in the area sold in merchandise and 37% in the amount sold in commercial houses. The continued improvement in real estate sales will lead to an increase in demand for renovations.
The demand for titanium powder has grown steadily as a result of the increased demand for paint and wallpaper.
Figure 23: The domestic production of plastics has continued to rise (%) Environmental protection has further boosted the price of titanium powder, and environmental constraints have gradually become more severe. 50,000 tons of titanium powder is a critical point in economic production.
With less than 20% of the country’s capacity, it is highly likely that the country will be forced to withdraw from it because of its high environmental stress and lack of its own regulations. The environmental impact of the booming events highlights the impact of the tightening of environmental protection in the country on titanium powder production.
At the end of the year, the region is the base for the deep processing industry of low (micro) alloy steel, which has the greatest potential for development in the country, with titanium concentrate, titanium-rich powder, titanium powder, and sponge titanium production having the highest capacity in the country. The average monthly production of titanium powder is around 30,000 tons, taking into account the country’s output of 10 to 2 million tons per month.
More than 15 per cent: production of the domestic titanium- titanium-platinum chain in the area of the titanium-titanium-trimium-triming; 4.14 million tons of titanium, 590,000 tons of titanium-poly powder production and 582,000 tons of titanium-dimium-digger production, respectively, in the area of the titanium-trimium-trimium-trimium-trimium-dimium-triming-triming industry.
57.52%, 15%, and 29%. High dependence on titanium concentrate imports, combined with domestic and foreign factors driving the price increase, high dependence on imports of domestic titanium concentrates, limited domestic production and no significant increase in imports
The supply of titanium is hit by the impact. Domestic titanium imports are 30 to 40% dependent year after year, and domestic imports are subject to a gradual increase in demand for environmentally-friendly imports, but given the current quota restrictions in Viet Nam, the third largest producer (10%), as well as the fact that some Indian manufacturers are temporarily more vulnerable to policy influence, overseas imports have replaced the original.
The price of titanium ore has recently exceeded the international price for the first time in the country. Titanium ore in the groved areas accounts for 60% of the country, is affected by environmental shocks, and increases in titanium ore prices of more than 50% have caused domestic and foreign titanium ore prices to collapse, reflecting the tight supply of titanium ore in the country.
The price of titanium concentrates continues to rise, further pushing the price of titanium powder. Price differentials are increasing, leading companies benefit from the advantages of industrial chain integration, and profit from their own titanium concentrate reserves and mining capacity.
The price difference between titanium powder and titanium concentrate has increased (RM/t) Figure 32: The price difference between titanium powder and titanium concentrate has increased (RM/t)
There is still much room for development in the domestic chlorination process, where titanium powder is produced mainly by sulphate and chlorination. The major international producers of titanium powder are largely chlorinated.
The use of chlorination was introduced in 1956, with a strict technical blockade imposed on the countries that followed it. The production of titanium powder is still dominated by sulphuric acid, of which more than 60 per cent of the world ' s total titanium powder production is currently chlorinated, with Dubon and Tenochlor among them.
The chemical method is 100%, Cresto and Connors are slightly lower, but also 88% and 73%, and most of our companies do not use chlorination to manufacture titanium powder. Thirty-eight of the country’s 42 or more process-sized titanium powder producers, three of them, maintain normal production.
There are only three public administrations in the country that use molten salt chlorination technology: the Jinzhou titanium industry, the Shimmer titanium industry, and Yunnan Shiningi. Overall, the products produced by the chlorinated carbide are of the best quality and are the best white paints on the market.
Gold titanium powder produced by the sulphate process, with a slightly different degree of whiteness and light stability of the product, was priced at a total production of 1054 million tons of titanium powder in 2016, representing 4.1 per cent of total industry-wide production. For the first time in history, it exceeded 100,000 tons, representing a net increase of almost 25,000 tons over the previous year.
New breakthroughs. The production and quality of titanium powder produced by chlorination has been steadily increasing, and has been recognized by the international industry.
Corrosion materials are easy to address, on the other hand, because of long-standing technological monopolies and blockades by the international chemicals giants. In the long term, chlorination is more compatible with future environmental requirements and easier to integrate internationally.
The titanium powder production facility is classified as a restriction on industrial restructuring and does not allow for the construction of new lines of production of titanium powder sulphate. At present, the country has broken the technical monopoly on chlorination and will further increase investment in titanium powder in order to achieve industrial restructuring and product upgrading and reduce the domestic share.
Import dependence on high-end titanium powder products with a view to gaining a place in the high-end titanium powder international market.
There are three reasons for this: the first comes from the size of the company, which has a natural advantage in production cost control and external bargaining power as Asia's largest, world-wide, titanium powder producer; and the second comes from the company's industrial chain advantage, which currently has sufficient ore reserves.
The company will continue to benefit from the complete ore mining and screening process, in the larger context of the continued increase in the price of titanium concentrate; the third is the technological advantage of the company, chlorination as a promising future production process, and the company already has sufficient experience to build a new chlorination production line that can root.
Future environmental policies and changes in demand in overseas high-end markets have been adjusted. In a favourable two-way situation, companies, as leading firms, will fully enjoy the high yield from titanium powder price increases, covering for the first time, with an “uptake” rating.
After the average calculation, the final rating is obtained as an average market investment The long-term competitiveness rating focuses on the enterprise's fundamentals and assesses the results of the overall competitiveness of the company over the next two years compared with the average value of the listed company in the industry in which it is located.
Within the optimized market rate of the industry, after deducting all lost shares in the industry, prior years were calculated by dividing the total market value of the closing stock at the end of the year with the total net profit of the current year ' s shares, and the total market value of the closing stock at the date of the submission of the report with the total net profit of the previous year.