The terminal recovery has begun and the year's performance is expected, and the Greco Electric Annual and Quarterly performance reports are being evaluated.
Billion yuan, +0.24 per cent; net return to mother $24,672 million, ~584 per cent; 1 expected to achieve positive marketing in 2020, with a single-quarter revenue performance hit by the shock of the epidemic \triangleright
The 2019q4 company competed for a “10 billion-dollar profit” campaign, and an active marketing policy has contained a certain amount of a single-quarter profit. At the same time, the 2020q1 air conditioner production, sales, and installation have stagnated for a longer period of time.
Terminal recovery has begun gradually, competition patterns have become clearer and year-round performance is expected to show resilience \triangleright has been reduced by the impact of the epidemic since April, and production ends have largely resumed and end-of-service sales have been made according to dealer feedback
The situation is improving week by week, and is expected to return to normal levels around the five-year golden week, with the expected gradual release of a quarter-lated renovation and purchase demand. While industry price campaigns are expected to continue throughout the year, given the stagnation of sales in the first quarter, some local brands are out of the market, and further small and medium brands are expected to follow the implementation of the new energy efficiency standards grade on 1 July.
On balance, it is expected that competition patterns in the industry will become clearer, that price wars will have limited impact on the leadership, and that year-round performance will show resilience. Repurchase and incentive programs will provide security margins, and core asset valuations will be restored.
Given the improved governance end of the transfer of equity, the current value level of the power is at a low level. The company’s recent efforts to further bind core employee interests through buy-back and equity incentives are expected to support the company’s share price while further refining the medium- and long-term incentive mechanisms of the division.
The moat is deep, demand is steadily recovering, market shares are rising further, and there should be a premium and a “recommended” rating. The sales recovery has fallen short of expectations, and industry competition has intensified.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and free from any third party ' s approval or influence.