In 2019, the company published its annual report 2019 and its quarterly report 2020, with a gross operating income of 2005.10 billion yuan in 2019.
On 30th of April, 2020, 27.890 billion yuan net, or 3.5 per cent of the increase. 20.91 billion yuan, or 49 per cent, was collected in the 20q1 camp.
Qin's profits are double-deep, and q1's performance is impaired. The company's main business grew by 0.24% in 19 years, and the company did not push hard to sell in the first three quarters of the year because of a mix of priorities.
Billionaires open line layouts, increasing retail sales on the 11th and December lines by 118.7% and 114.7%, respectively, but still retrenchment on the exits under a high 18q4 base and stock pressure. Lower expectations and increase sales returns to support line distributors in the form of q1 for profit
Short-term competition has increased or been inevitable, and the promotion of sales began in April to kick-start the recovery first. The company’s original sales promotion was late, and by mid-April it would have opened sales such as the “Hand Street” Red April “Super Brand Day” and
The price reduction, which had previously been extended to full coverage by low-end machines, was unprecedented, and the difference between retail prices and US prices by mid-April was within $500. Price exploration under short-term full-market performance pressure was either intense or unavoidably competitive, with the company’s share of q2 repair expected and the concentration of demand released during the season, the winding up is expected to take the lead.
The online channel was opened and the share on line q1 was raised to the field. 19q4 pushed for the initial opening of the company's online layout, with the company's full net sales of over $4.1 billion during the two-time period of 11 years at a speed of 200%. The 20q1 outbreak was followed by the online transfer of the drama market channel, and the company's share on the q1 air-conditioning line was raised by 4.3 pct to 22.3%.
The share of overseas operations has been low, with a certain reduction in the risk of overseas epidemics. In 19 years, the share of companies selling abroad was only 10.5%, and the proportion of sales out of home power taps is low.
1. "Grey Electric Company Review: The epidemic is hard to determine, on the other hand, that the recovery of domestic demand for sales within the control of the epidemic and even a rebound is expected, and that the company ' s high internal sales ratio structure avoids overseas risks to enhance performance certainty to a certain extent, but objectively reducing losses is not a boost.
2. The semi-annual appliance of the Gables: steady and robust growth, energy efficiency upgrades and long-acting profitable spaces, and the demonstration of competitiveness in support of companies’ products. With subsequent energy efficiency upgrades in air conditioning, the upgrading of the market structure is expected to boost industrial profitability, while systemic technology demands
The upgrade will highlight the technological advantages of companies’ high-end products and enhance the competitiveness of their products. The company’s follow-up industrial upgrading, followed by a profit-end restoration, is expected to release.
Investment proposals: The short-term impact of the epidemic and the downside of corporate earnings from stocks is expected, but short-term performance is not expected to change the firm's firm position, long-term investment logic and equity incentives are expected to have a life cycle value for the company.
The study assistant's introduction to the Port of Enrollment Securities in March of the year will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report, nor will it be relevant in the future.
We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the ideas, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a sale price or a bid on the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to our own company or to the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek investment for them.