Gretchen Electric (000651) 2019 Performance Statement will be evaluated for change and diversification as key to the future.
On May 14, 2020, the company organized an online performance statement for 2019, in which the president of the company, Dong Ming Juu, the executive president, Wong Hui, and the deputy chief executive, hoped to be the prime minister of the company, as well as a question-and-answer session with investors, which we will now focus on. The crisis and opportunities of the epidemic. The company believes that the new crown epidemic has a greater impact on the company than it would have expected, from the company’s first quarter of 2020.
In the first quarter of 2020, according to avc data, sales in the air-conditioning sector amounted to $14.92 billion, a decrease of 58.1 per cent.
Sales started climbing in April, but were not able to reach the same level as last year. But after the dark, the epidemic left the company with enough time to make the interaction between new energy efficiency and old energy efficiency, to digest old energy efficiency stocks through the epidemic, and the new energy efficiency went online to make the company “light-loaded”. The department formed a medical equipment company during the epidemic, mainly to produce masks, although the start-up product was relatively low, but it was also a business transformation.
At a breakthrough, companies are also actively exploring new products, such as the development of air purifiers capable of filtering off the new coronary virus, 10,000 daily target products, currently worth about $12,000 in retail sales, and the gradual expansion of products into indoors, elevators, and car air purification applications. Diversification is the key to the company’s failure.
About 70 per cent of the company ' s total revenue, compared to 82.26 per cent in 2017 and 77.83 per cent in 2018, the share of the main air conditioning industry has declined year by year, and the company is providing 6 years of free cleaning to washing machines, refrigerators, cooking power, and the integration of household appliances, such as the newly introduced oil smokers, as well as the small-scale electricity industry, which reached $5,576 million in 2019, although on a relatively small scale, increased by about 47 per cent in 2019.
With the start of a new production base in Jiangsu and Nakayama for about five to six years, together with the former production base in Shijia, the company has accelerated the pace of small household electrical layout at the production end, Dong Mingju believes that small household electricity will have tens of billions of dollars of market demand in the future, as well as smart fittings, supply plates and medical equipment plates, and with the end of the epidemic and the resumption of full-scale domestic work, new energy efficiency began on July 1st.
Implementation, coupled with the introduction of consumer subsidy policies everywhere, is expected to restore a rebound in company performance, and the consumption of air conditioners as consumer durables will only be delayed and will not disappear, so we judge that the company’s sales will be replenished in the second and third quarters of 2020.
Change, driving online change, but based on the fact that air conditioning has features that need to be installed and that gravity does not hold a treasure line, careful consideration must be given to how to achieve the end-of-line integration. Companies want distributors to realize the need for a change in marketing patterns in the new era, combining the end-of-line with the perfect end-of-line, so that they can win together.
Investment strategies. In the short term, the air-conditioning industry is expected to offer new opportunities through summer seasons and the new start of the new talent mark, with larger intra-company sales, and the company’s share price currently in relative safety zones, where consumption of air-conditioning as a durable consumer product will only be delayed.
In this way, we judge that corporate sales will be refilled in the second and third quarters of 2020, and that management incentives will be used as a new benchmark for the company’s new rating system, the “market index” of 300 indexes.
This report is presented to the extent that you are aware of it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.