Reasons for reporting: Performance pre-evaluating: The impact of the epidemic has a phased impact, and the company's leadership is solid.
The company achieved gross operating income of 200508 million yuan in 2019, an increase over the same period in the previous year
\triangleright’s demand is expected to be released. The air conditioning industry experienced a marked decline in the climate in 2019 and increased price competition. Market data, however: 14 April 2020
Underline markets, the share of top3 retail sales rose from 73.2% in 18 cold years to 74.0% in 19 cold years, and market concentration continued to increase. Based on its advantages in terms of prices, products, etc.
There is a gap with other brands. In February, the effects of the epidemic led to the suspension of the down-door shop, delays in the resumption of work, the length of the logistics cycle, the near impossibility of completing on-site services as an air-conditioning facility requiring professional installation, and the suppression of consumer demand.
Market retailing declined by 36.0 per cent, and underline air-conditioning retailing fell by 56.5 per cent. The sales of air-conditioning markets fell sharply without polelines. However, with the arrival of the second quarter, the industry has reached its traditional high season and the domestic epidemic has stabilized, and domestic market demand will gradually recover.
The company, which is dominated by domestic sales, has limited exposure to the overseas epidemic, and remains a leader in the industry. The market for fine improvements is growing rapidly, the air conditioning ratio is rising faster, and the leading business is clearly \triangleright
Benefits. As the real estate market deepens, the State ' s policy on the improvement of real estate has been tilted towards a faster rate of improvement. The total size of the real estate improvement market in 2019 was 3.193 million, an increase of 26.2 per cent.
This represents a 40.4 per cent increase in the demand for back-end renovations, with cfa air conditioning matching rates reaching 29.9 per cent, an increase of 3.5 percentage points over 2018.
There has been a rise in stability. Head brands (American, Gorgeous, Japanese) of air conditioners are stable, with three brands totalling nearly 70%, especially as domestic brands are actively deployed, and the share of domestic brands is rising year by year. The construction channels are low, but they are finally eliminated.
The cost is amortized on the 28th floor of ITC, 69 West Street, Taiwon City, and is more profitable in real terms.
On April 12, the company announced its intention to use its own funds to repurchase its shares in the form of a centralized competitive exchange, with the total amount of the repurchase not less than RMB 3 billion (inclusive) and not more than RMB 6 billion (inclusive) and the price of the repurchase shares not exceeding RMB 6 billion (inclusive).
This is the company’s first stock buy-back, which will enhance the alignment of employees with the company’s interests at the next node, stabilize the company’s management structure, and improve the company’s incentives, which will help the company to move forward steadily.
This report is presented independently and objectively. I have not been, nor will I be, directly or indirectly compensated for the specific recommendations or opinions in this report. I have undertaken not to use my identity or place.
The information available in the course of the profession and practice serves the self-interest of the individual or of another person.