The big buybacks go hand-in-hand with the debt.
The company intends to use its own funds to repurchase its shares in the form of a centralized competitive transaction, the type of shares to be repurchased as shares issued by the company, for a total amount of not less than RMB 3 billion (inclusive) and not more than RMB 6 billion (inclusive); the repurchase price does not exceed RMB 70/equity.
Because a time of demand repression affects its long-term value, companies are expected to start warming gradually in the second quarter of 2020, when a massive buy-back program is launched that demonstrates management confidence in the company’s future. Second, the current domestic epidemic is subdued, the foreign epidemic is still evolving, the Grigley domestic market is larger than the other two big white power giants, and the mid-2019 report shows that corporate revenue is only 14.1% of the foreign revenue, while America’s blocs and Hale’s think-tanks are divided.
Not at 40.24% and 46.78%, the main markets for domestic electricity exports (Europe and the United States) are concerned about the impact of the epidemic, with household electricity sales and orders being sold out, and the signs show that the Género attributes seem to be more stable than the other two big white power giants.
The Association of Inter-Market Dealers, at its thirty-seventh registration conference for 2020, held on 7 April 2020, agreed to accept the registration of company super-short-term vouchers, short-term vouchers and medium-term instruments, amounting to $18 billion for short- and medium-term financing. As of the end of the three-quarter report in 2019, the company ' s proposed Ovieun network totals are expected to drop 35.2 per cent in total retail sales in the air-conditioning sector in the first quarter of 2020, but the company ' s phased sales and sales are projected to fall by 35.2 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
On 3 February 2020, the company’s original shareholders, the Greco Group, completed the agreement, completed the registration of the shares transferred, moved to the site, and the new shareholders, Joo Hae-hing, committed themselves to promoting the Glycerine dimension for management.
The management has a stronger incentive on the basis of a well-recognized equity incentive scheme with no more than 4% of the total workforce. Seven banks, including Chu Hae-hyeong, have a loan agreement with a company of about $20 billion. Given that Joo Hae-hyeong holds about 40 billion shares in power appliances, the stock pledge rate is about 50%, and the stock pledge price is around 50%.
With a transfer price of approximately $46.17, the reasonableness of the transfer price was confirmed by an assessment by the original controlling shareholder Greco Group, Greco Electric, the new shareholder Joo Hae-min and seven banks, so that the company’s share price could be strongly supported around here. Marketing was relatively high, and short-term consumption demand was currently suppressed without significantly affecting the company’s goal of sales throughout the year, and the company’s share price was currently high.
In relative safety zones, shifting locations and management incentives constitute a new starting point for companies to re-engage. East Timor’s securities investment rating system: The rating system’s “market index” refers to a depth of 300 indexes.
This report is presented independently and objectively and to the extent that you know it. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business departments of the company, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, and asset management companies. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.