The company's evaluation report, home appliances, the first repurchase plan released by G.I., shows the company's confidence development, G.E.S. (000651.sz)
On the evening of April 12th, Greco Electric issued an announcement on the buy-back of a portion of the public interest programme, to be invested in no less than RMB 3 billion (inclusive) and no more than RMB 6 billion.
Repurchase of shares with a repurchase price of not more than $70/equity, for a period not exceeding 12 months from the date of consideration by the company ' s board of directors for the adoption of the programme, and the repurchase of shares will be used for employee holding schemes or equity incentives.
Our analysis and judgment: (i) Repurchase shows that the company has developed confidence.
The firm confidence in the company’s collection of $53.74 on April 10 and its high recognition of the company’s value. The company’s share price has recently been revalued as a result of the new coronary pneumonia, and the company will be able to buy back its shares at a lower cost.
Power incentives or employee ownership: 2.06 per cent of the company ' s total assets and 4.41 per cent of monetary funds do not have a significant impact on the company ' s business activities, financial position, R & D, debt performance capacity and future development.
(ii) Repurchase is expected to continue with a relatively deep 300-indicator performance map.
, hhmansion, pearlbrillance, and grammatical investments agree to promote a stock incentive scheme at the level of glycerines to not more than 4% of the total value of the glycerine shares granted to management entities.
The $6 billion estimate is that the number of repurchaseable shares is expected to be about 85.17 million, which is about 1.42% of the company’s current total stock stock. If the company eventually buys back at the maximum, there is still a gap between this repurchase and 4% of the agreement, which we believe will be obtained in the future.
Continuation, corporate equity incentives will be gradually improved, and the corporate governance structure is expected to be further improved.
With 1.67 per cent of the shares in the listed company, the shares purchased will also be used in the employee holding scheme or equity incentives, such as the equity incentive scheme and the employee holding scheme, which will be successfully implemented, the company's management holding shares in the company will be further enhanced, and the corporate governance structure is expected to be further enhanced
It also builds long-term incentives and constraints for management team ownership, stabilizes corporate management and core staff, aligns corporate management interests with corporate business performance, promotes maximization of corporate benefits and ensures long-term corporate strategy implementation.
Under the Share Transfer Agreement, Joo Hae-hyeong promised to do his best to ensure that the net profit share of listed companies is no less than 50% a year, and we believe that the company’s high dividends are expected to be successful once the company’s management and the interests of listed companies are tied. Because cash returns are lower than the company’s net asset returns, repurchases and high dividends will increase the efficiency of the company’s use of its assets.
In the long run, equity incentives will further improve corporate governance institutions and corporate assets return.
The risk of increased competition in the industry, the risk of changes in the price of raw materials and the impact of the epidemic on the higher-than-expected risk.