G.E.S.A. (000651) On May 01, 2020, the product class was expanded and the top-line layout accelerated.
The company published its annual report 2019 and its quarterly report 2020. In 2019, the company collected $8,853 million, the impact of the epidemic was compounded by the industrial cycle, and the company's revenue fell.
Market value in circulation (million yuan): product categories expanded horizontally in 2019, with small-scale electricity businesses receiving $5,576 million, compared to the previous year.
46.97% longer. Through the acquisition and establishment of upstream enterprises in the industry, the sale of company spare parts and raw materials, and the full distribution of ice-washing and household appliances into second-larger sections, in addition to the research-greath appliances (000651.sz): q3 increase
There will be further improvements in the competitiveness of the industry for upstream air conditioning products and the creation of new growth points.
The company insists on a “quality operator” on a third-party platform.
The company will continue to enhance the complementarities between the two channels and build a full distribution platform.
12.43 times. Due to the uncertainty about the impact of the epidemic and the short-term shock in the air conditioning industry, corporate performance has declined or declined temporarily, and we have downgraded the corporate rating to “holding” ratings.
This report is presented independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner by the author with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association. The data used in my commitment report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional integrity and competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects my research and adoption.
A reasonable judgement concludes that the findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party. A description of the securities investment consultancy business, according to the Certificate of Operating Securities (z23834,000) issued by the CSRC, GSM is qualified for securities investment consultancy operations approved by the CSRC.
The securities investment advisory business refers to the conduct of the institution that acquires the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and its consultants in providing securities investors or customers with relevant information, analysis, forecasting and publication of portfolio investments to the customer.