High-end server revenue increased by 50.64 per cent, sea light x 86 chip volume production timer, company announcement on the evening of 23 March: ..high-end server power, fast business growth.
High-end computer server power, storage, cloud computing, fast growth in autonomous controlled operations, (3) software development, system integration, and technology service operations generated revenues of $648 million, compared with growth in the same year
The decline in the Māori rate of high-end computers is due mainly to the higher cost of high-end computer raw materials.
The company is a listed company in the Chinese Academy of Sciences system, with a leading team of autonomous and controlled technical and professional information professionals, and plays a uniquely important role in the national information security strategy. Progress on the national information chip is to be expected.
The technology of foreign producers in safety systems, core chips, cloud operating systems, cloud storage, etc.
The storage business maintains a high rate of growth. 2017-08-09 is expected to create a leading technological advantage in the future in the area of information security.
High safety industry application needs. Tianjin Sealight, a subsidiary of the 2016q1 company, combines the depth of the md to produce X86 chips, authorizes the production of server processors, provides technical clearance for X86 chips, and provides technical support. According to the two-year chip research and development cycle, Tianjin Sea Light x 86 chips will be produced in quantities.
In addition, the company has developed all its own calculations and servers based on designated home-grown chips to meet the needs of certain high-security industries in the country.
As cloud computing, big data, artificial intelligence, and so on, storage products and technologies became an important innovation for the future of the company, and in February 2017, companies and industry leaders promise.
The joint venture created a storage company to create favourable conditions for the company to accelerate the deployment of the next generation of integrated architecture storage products, and a number of key technology developments have taken place during the year.
In the area of cloud computing, the company’s ability to build urban and industry cloud computing centres has increased significantly with the continuous upgrading of the company’s claudview cloud computing operating system and the construction of ecosystems with industry partners. In the area of big data, the company has introduced Ark Data, Science Big Data.
In October 2017, the company launched the “Data China Smart Plan,” which provides a comprehensive distribution of artificial intelligence. At the product level, the company launched a joint research and development programme with the artificial intelligence chip Licorne company, Xinjiang.
At the platform service level, the company's dawning artificial intelligence management platform, “sothisai,” can assist users.
The calculator needed to quickly release the ai.