Rapid growth in the collection of information technology hardware and equipment, building on the foundations of long-term development in collaboration with giants Events: Company performance report for 2017, recently released during the reporting period
The server industry is growing rapidly and companies are expected to grow rapidly: according to cid statistics, Chinese market sales for X86 servers reached 49.7 billion yuan in 2016, an increase of 23.7 per cent over the same period in 2015, with a robust overall performance and an average annual growth rate projected for the server industry for 2016-2018
20%, domestic server sales will amount to 87 billion yuan in 2018. The company, as the leading firm in the server industry, is expected to benefit from rapid growth in the server industry.
The "Data China" strategy, which involves a transition from an int core equipment provider to an integrated information system service provider, and the placement of multiple areas, such as chips. The company’s collaboration with the amd, the tyrannical, etc., helps to strengthen the core technology of the Department.
Tianjin Sealight, a subsidiary of the company, has been authorized to produce x86 chips, which will contribute to overall market value/flow (millions of dollars) and improve the chip supply chain for the company's server products. Tianjin Sea Light works with the depth of the md.
A 12-month maximum/minimum profit from the company’s mastery of X86 server chip research and development technology to break the Intel Monopoly, thereby increasing the Māori rate of the product.
The online reasoning business environment of “Data China” provides powerful computing support. In 2017, the company launched a strategy called “Emergence of Strategic Effectiveness, Future Growth”.
An artificial intelligence server called "Phaneron" carrying the cold martiali chip will further -- 2017/03/31 -- develop more information infrastructure for carrying the cold martial arts chip for the company ' s future intelligence
These two aspects are expected to be new growth points for the company.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.