Central Science Dawn (603019.sh) Computers/computer equipment Rapid growth in revenue, taking stock of business such as corporate ai, cloud computing, and chip substitution - Quick Report on China Dawn Performance
On the evening of 15 January, China-Koreang released its 2017 performance report, which, after preliminary accounting, continued to increase and actively promote the recognition of brands and products such as the company Hu Man Super servers and storage products.
The company can provide almost all of the servers, storage, virtualization, operating systems in the cloud computing laas service. In October 2017, the company’s United Central School calculated the hatching of cold weapons.
The company's innovative approach to the industry is to develop urban cloud centres with branded chains and to recruit “city partners” throughout the country, with the lowest/highest share of the year:
In the area of big data, companies have launched a range of innovative products, such as Ark Data, Science Big Data Engine, which are widely used in a wide range of industries, such as public security, social security, science, environment, and intelligent manufacturing.
Users’ recognition of corporate brands and products has continued to rise, with firm growth in corporate ownership. The net return to the mother is $305 million, of which $45 million (about 14.75 per cent) is due to investment in the intangible assets of the China-China Controlled Information Industries Ltd., and the rest to the growth of corporate operating profits.
The net return to the mother increased by 80 million yuan over the same period the previous year, with an increase of 35.88 per cent, mainly as a result of the company's growth in operating profits and its investment in the intangible assets of China-Citizen Information Industries Ltd., in which the impact of the investment in intangible assets on the total profits for the current period was 53 million yuan, and on the net gain attributable to the listed parent company.
The lubricant impact is 45 million yuan; other increases are mainly due to the growth in corporate operating profits. The Ministry uses its intangible assets for the production of an “autonomous control server”, a model that has a smaller overall share of the company’s daily generic service provider sales and has a smaller impact on the company’s operations after being transferred to China.
The chip matter is of continuing concern. In the x86 server product, as the amd re-enters the service cpu field, the amd rolls the zen and epyc series of servers cpu, the company will start performing as expected, working with the amd to develop the x86 core.
Launching servers based on amdepyc structures. Tianjin Haiqing, a company with shares, started working with md in April 2016 to develop servers for the production of x86 structures sold in China, with a net profit increase of 169.64%, with high performance and storage.
cpu, cooperation progress deserves sustained attention if a company that is working well on a server processor ' s national production business is expected to raise Māori levels and earn the return on a high rate of growth in the storage business.
On 21 December 2017, the Department received a feedback note from the CSRC on the review of the CSRC administrative authorization project.
The company's servers and storage products are technologically strong and actively promote al, cloud computing, 100-city and big data innovation, with a steady increase in brand and product recognition and business growth; a promising nationalization project for the Tianjin Lightx86 server; and an orderly forward-up of debt-transferable projects.