The high-performance computer landscape is expected to continue, with four factors breaking the Mäori rate dilemma for the first time covered.
The net profit of the mother is 206 million yuan, an increase of 23.0 per cent for the same year. In the first quarter of 201704, the income of the company business was 2,506 million yuan, an increase of 46.2 per cent for the same year, and the net profit of the mother was 233 million yuan.
High-performance computer business is growing rapidly and the industry is expected to continue for 18 years. The company’s high-end computer business is growing by 50.64 per cent in the same year, with 74.08 per cent in the business sector.
The main reasons are the high demand of Internet companies like 1)bat; 2) the opening up of new businesses customers. We believe that the high demand for cloud services from domestic firms will continue to push the server market to remain high, according to the Trentforce forecast, 18 years of domestic service.
The market will continue to grow in double digits. High-end computer products from companies that have long been at the forefront of the market will also continue to grow at a high level, thanks to good slogans and shares.
The report shows that the decline in the overall Māori rate of about 3 per cent is due to the low rate of net profit growth and revenue, the high price of upstream raw materials, including storage for 17 years, and the short-term pressure on high-end computer operations, and we believe that because of the guidance of the CSD, domesticization of the memory and expansion of production capacity,
These factors include the fact that the price of the memory has stabilized and will decline steadily in the future; (2) the company and the md jointly created the Advanced Microprocessor Laboratory to extend the industrial chain upwards, research and development of the x86 chip, which, if nationalized substitution occurs, will change the situation of “deprived persons”,
Māori promotion rate. 3) The company, in collaboration with Cold War, has a huge advantage in depth learning and is expected to improve the Māori structure of the company's products. 4) Companies are derived downstream, creating and participating in innovative companies, leading to large environmental data, Internet access, etc.
1. 2018 Computer Investment Strategy Report: New areas such as Wave Data will further optimize the Māori ratio structure.
In the reporting period, corporate sales costs and management costs were well controlled, with a similar increase in the Galaxy Portfolio Industry Weekly: ai innovation.
The company has received attention as a result of the increase in the number of new interest rates on cloud-based integration of artificial intelligence. The company has recently issued an announcement that it will apply to banks for around $5.3 billion in letters to meet the company’s production and investment needs.
The service cost rate, which is expected to be resonant with the increase in the Māori rate in the future, increases net corporate interest rates.