(a) The rapid growth in the performance of IT technology hardware and equipment, and the significant increase in technological power Events: in 2017, companies achieved operating income of $6,294 million, an increase of 44.36 per cent over the previous year;
The “Data China” strategy continues to be advanced, with a marked increase in technological strength: companies continue to advance the “Data China” strategy and launch the “Data China Smart Plan” and continue to deepen the two core business systems of “Big Counts” and “Big Data” through the development of new technologies around advanced computing areas.
New industries, new industries, new modes of innovation. In the development of products and technologies, companies continue to develop and develop high-end computers, storage, etc., and possess a large number of core technologies in the field of high-end computers, storage and cloud computing.
In addition, the company actively participated in the construction of the country's large-scale project, with the creation of the “Earth System Value Simulator” and the creation of the dawn 7,000 super-calculator, which the company has developed, will be the core of the nation's big scientific apparatus, with a vast future for the company.
Total equity/flow (million shares) Two-way upwards/downwards, high growth in core business: companies up/downwards, total market value/flow (millions)
Technology breakthroughs and industry deployments. Companies have expanded upstream, increasing the profile of related areas.
The lead manufacturer, Promise, has a joint venture to set up a storage company, and storage of products is expected to speed up. On downstream, working with giants to strengthen the foundations of long-term development, the company invested in environmental protection, space-based data, and space-star maps.
–218/01/16 Establishment of Dawn Networking in the area of security data, with deep involvement in the area of disaggregation.
The Division's core business, high-performance computers, generated $5,062 million, an increase of 50.64 per cent over the same period. The company's strategic effectiveness began to show, and the future growth period was set in motion, with the release of new high-performance computer products and significant improvements in product performance, scalability, ease of use, etc.
Market competitiveness has increased further.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.