High performance, self-serving chip escort South-West Securities Research and Development Centre incident: company annual report 2017, operating revenue of $6.29 billion during the reporting period, a year-on-year increase
Long 44.4%; total profits of $371 million, an increase of 32.2% over the same period, are expected to lead to a two-way extension of the industrial up-and-down industry that belongs to the shareholders of the listed company. During the reporting period, the company declared the “Internet+” heavy project “Open-source platform construction and applications for deep learning applications”, which was acquired in January 2018.
In January 2017, the National Development and Reform Commission agreed with the company to establish the Advanced Microprocessor Laboratory, in September 2017, the company's subsidiary was approved for major high-level, high-tech, super-computer processor development, and in February 2017, the company, in partnership with Promise, set up a storage company to carry out a number of critical technology research and development for the year.
A breakthrough in core technology is expected to significantly increase corporate hardware Maori, while creating barriers to hardware competition. Performance expectations are high, and the decline in the Maori rate is expected to reverse: corporate revenues amounted to $6.29 billion during the reporting period. This represents an increase of 44.4 per cent compared to the 44.4 per cent recorded for server operations, of which $5.06 billion represents an increase of 50.64 per cent compared to 50.64 per cent.
The overall growth in revenue in three major areas: industry, government, and public utilities, with business users growing by 74.08 per cent, is due mainly to the increased demand for servers in the Internet industry. The overall Māori ratio of companies increased during the reporting period, with the cost of raw materials for servers and higher revenue from server operations, resulting in a decline in the overall Māori ratio of companies.
Large data plus cloud computing drives the company’s transformation and the data China strategy to accelerate its landing. In 2017, the company released the “Data China Smart Plan” to launch a dedicated one-server and artificial intelligence management platform.
In addition, the company's collaboration with the md on the X86 server chip is expected to break the monopoly of Intel and make new breakthroughs in the field of high-end servers.
Considering that the chip industry is the most important, central, technically difficult industry that we can control autonomously, and that we have a high strategic positioning industry, we keep looking at it for the long term (603019).
The cloud-based industrial chain is growing in a significant amount of space, the risk of increased risk, the risk of lower server-rich rates: urban cloud propulsion or below expectations. Assumption 1: sealight chips are produced and delivered to companies around 100,000 units in 2018, and in 2019
Assuming that 2: the server industry in China maintains a growth rate of no less than 15 per cent, the share of the company in the market for service devices in China will be no less than 10 per cent over the next three years;
Assumption 3: The company ' s storage business and the city cloud business are going well: Assumption 4: There are no significant changes in the company ' s three rates, based on the above assumptions, we project the cost of the company ' s sub-operational income for 2018-2020 as follows:
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.