In the first half of the year, projects in the areas of infrastructure and real estate have declined and the epidemic has been affected.
\triangleright Impact, domestic sales in the engineering and machinery industry have declined considerably; demand for Chinese engineering and machinery rigidity is increasing in overseas markets, and export sales in the engineering and machinery industry have continued to grow at a high rate: 1) cranes: 2022h1
9.819 billion yuan, yoy-56.70 per cent, Māori rate 19.19 per cent, yoy-6.59 ptt, all-ground lifting, number one in the industry, volume in the world, volume in the world of construction cranes, size in the world; (2) concrete machinery: long-arm pump, vehicle pump, blending station market share is still the highest in the industry, market share in blending cars is raised
The volume of sales has continued to narrow, and the market climate is expected to hit the bottom. In the case of excavators, 2022 m1-m7.
\triangleright’s sales of excavators increased at a positive rate in July. This year’s overall macroeconomic pressure was greater, with strong demand for steady growth in the second half of the year.
In the second half of the year, driven by steady growth in demand, engineering machinery is expected to exert downward pressure.
The localization strategy was advanced and the overseas market was driven by strong forces. According to the China Roadside Mechanics Network, the first half of the \triangleright breakthrough was 2022/03/31
In recent years, more than 100 earthly machinery and equipment have been sent to countries along the “one-way” route, hundreds of blenders to Viet Nam to help build, and more than 200 high-end equipment have been sent to Turkey, making it the largest single batch of Turkish orders from our engineering and machinery industry in recent years.
The \triangleright process is gradually being refined to maintain a “recommended” rating.
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.