On July 20, 20, 20, 2022, the company issued an announcement on the Repurchase of a Company ' s Shares, which proposed to use its own funds for a centralized competitive bidding process.
Repurchase of a company ' s shares, not less than 2.5% of the total equity it has issued, not more than 5% of the total equity it has issued, and the repurchase price does not exceed RMB 9.19/equity, which will be used entirely for the employee holding scheme. We believe that the company, as a worker, is about to buy back for the employee holding scheme, thereby demonstrating confidence in the company ' s medium- and long-term development.
Repurchase of shares in a company ' s shares with its own funds in the form of a centralized competitive bid, 2.5-5 per cent of the current repurchase, no more than RMB 9.19 per share, estimated at the maximum amount of repurchase shares and price ceilings, is expected to total nearly RMB 4 billion, and this big buyback represents the firm ' s confidence in sustained and robust development over the medium to long term, and in the market at the bottom of the industry cycle.
There is a good boost. This buy-back is used entirely for employee-holding schemes, allowing for better harmonization and binding of business, employees, shareholders, and is a refinement and addition to the incentive system following 19 years of continuous employee planning, which is expected to further motivate the workforce and provide strong support for the growth of multi-metagization, internationalization and electro-dynamicization of companies.
On 14 July, the company released its 2022 semi-annual performance, which was under pressure, mainly due to factors such as a slowdown in macroeconomic growth and inadequate effective start-up rates for superstitious projects. According to the Chinese Association of Engineering and Mechanical Industries, a total of 143,094 excavators were sold in 2022h1, a 36.1% decline.
Of these, 91,124 were sold in the domestic market, a 52.9% decline in the same year; 51,970 were sold in exports, an increase of 72.2% in the same year, while the market in the first half of the year was weak, but demand from abroad remained strong. With increased policy support for major projects, the largest financial constraints on capital projects were expected to ease in the second half of the year.
With the policy landing, project release, and the gradual transfer to the sale of engineering equipment, sales over 23 years are expected to improve further. The traditional fist leaders are well established, and the potential for new and emerging operations continues to help smooth the industry’s cycle.
The core competitiveness of concrete machinery, engineering cranes, and construction cranes has continued to increase, with construction cranes sold on a steady scale in 21 years, with concrete long-arm pumps, vehicle pumps, blending stations in the top of the world, and large-tonne car cranes in the top of the industry. Companies have increased their market share of superior products while consolidating their niche.
The rice covers the world ' s top 40-metre electric armcar, with a secure market share in the industry ' s top echelons, $3.35 billion in sales in 21 years, the high-speed overseas has completed the expansion of markets and channels, 22 years in the year in which it began, the high-flying overseas will continue to grow, and the high-powered plates are expected to continue to grow; the excavator has formed a two-base layout for the Sha + Xinnan, and the product spectrum is more comprehensive.
There has been a steady increase in the volume of large and medium-sized excavations, the overall market share has continued to rise, the earth machinery has grown by over 3 billion yuan over 21 years and is expected to continue high growth over 22 years; there has been a steady and sustained growth in dry sandy equipment, the dry sandy new materials operation has been fully rolled out, the technical team has completed the development and development of 96 products, and the production line for the production of 7,000 tons of multifunctional materials per year has been completed, with multiple demonstration
The project, with the increased penetration of the dry sand market, will have a large future market space. A diversified layout will help smooth engineering machines to create a growth curve for companies in sustainable, high-quality development, using the 21 July 2022 market rate as the standard for swings in the arms industry.
In the context of corporate diversification, the Division has accelerated internationalization, electricization, intelligent layout and transformation in recent years, overseas markets have advanced their global home-grown strategies, focusing on countries and regions, building overseas business systems based on end-to-end, digitalization, and localization, and overseas markets have continued to grow high.
Growth; future electricization of engineering machinery in the context of bicarbons, where penetration rates are currently low, and companies in 21 years also in Central and Central Aggregation: A strong growth in sales of core boxing products, with many industries spearheading the launch of eight major series of 16 new energy products, which will inject new power into industry development; companies starting to digitize
Building the platform, accelerating the intellectual upgrading of production and manufacturing, and further strengthening the foundations for high-quality development.
Based on the sharp increase in the sale of major products of engineering machinery and the price of raw materials, we adjusted the company ' s net profit from the period 2022-2024 to an expansion of shares, with the middle- and post-cycle industry leading once again to a window of time, increased competition in the industry, less than expected investment in infrastructure and real estate, a sharp increase in raw material prices and less than expected expansion of new business.
Quality development in the chemical industry and financial integration escort. 20210419 Sino-Chinese International Securities Inc.
Qualifying for portfolio investment consulting operations