The top 4 billion hand-backs are going to boost market confidence.
Event: The company issues a share acquisition program for the company.
Dollar/equity. Based on the company ' s collection price of the previous day and the maximum repurchase price, repurchase funds are expected to be as high as 1.3 billion, starting in the third quarter as the prices of upstream raw materials, such as steel, fall in the second half of the year.
The rebreathing is mainly due to the easing of high base pressure and strong export growth during the same period. Looking ahead: 1 in the offing: the industry is expected to move in July as high base pressure eases, export growth continues, and the industry’s small-digit fluctuations are expected to continue into the post-morrow years. 2 in the profit end: interest increases.
The price of steel has fallen, with 22q3 cost improvements, and profit improvements have led to a significant release of performance.
Overseas engineering and machinery market cycles fluctuate far less than industry, and the impact of the epidemic has diminished from 2021 to the present, with industry growing at a negative rate, overcompensating for the chances of a rebound, and in the first quarterly reports of 2021 and 2022, the head of the offshore engineering machinery, Caterpillar, grew by 22 per cent and 14 per cent, respectively.
Quarterly review: q1 compliance against the high q1 base is in the first international echelon and has a significant price ratio, with exports growing much more than overseas markets, with a period of return to industry in a context of steady growth
Engineering and machinery products are more economical than cars, and penetration rates are expected to accelerate as the manufacturing costs of electric products fall. Currently, engineering and machinery sells about twice as much as traditional products, has a significant cost advantage over the life cycle, and future electricization is expected to take place.
The cost of the product is expected to continue. As the cost curve for electric products drops, the penetration rate rises, and strong.
Profit projection and investment rating: we expect the company to return to its net profit in 2022-2024.
Three major financial forecasting tables for the Central and Central Quality Section have been approved by the Chinese Securities and Supervisory Board (CMSC) and are now in possession of the Securities and Investment Advisory Board.