Event: On 21 July 2022, the company issued an announcement proposing the use of its own funds to centralize the competition.
In the next 12 months, the company intends to repurchase the company ' s shares in the form of a centralized bid, all for the employee holding scheme.
The value of the repurchase of shares does not exceed RMB 9.19 per share, and the value of the repurchase is larger. By developing and implementing a share buy-back programme, the company will demonstrate its confidence in the value inherent in the long term, and the repurchase of shares will be used entirely for the implementation of the employee holding scheme, which will further motivate the team.
The industry’s sales of excavators continue to shrink, and the market climate is expected to rebound.
The start-up of projects such as infrastructure, real estate, etc., has been affected by the cumulative effects of the epidemic on the movement of national products and overseas goods, the high price of raw materials, such as steel, and the overall downward trend in the engineering and machinery industry, and the Māori ratio.
According to the Chinese Association of Engineering and Mechanical Industries, the volume of excavators sold in June was about 20.8 million, a decrease of 10.1 per cent in the same year, the internal sales of 11,000, a decrease of 35 per cent in the same year, a continued contraction, exports of 9734, and financing support, combined with higher base-level effects in the second half of the year, are expected to increase at a higher rate in the second half of the year.
The engineering machinery market is also expected to rebound. 1. The Central and Central Quality Section (000157.sz) annual report, 2021: Core products are strong and emerging and overseas operations are ongoing.
The localization strategy is advanced and the offshore market is driven by strong forces. Sales in the excavator industry have declined steadily in the first half of the year. \triangleright breakthroughs - 2022/03/31
The company, with its product power and brand reputation, has achieved a global range of products. According to China Road Report, performance has grown steadily, and diversified business layouts have opened up.
Mechanical Network reports that in the first half of the year, more than 100 earthy mechanical equipment were sent to countries along the “one-way” route, hundreds of long space 2021/09/01 blender vehicles were sent to Viet Nam for construction and more than 200 high-end equipment were sent to Turkey as part of our project in recent years.
3. The Central and Central Quality Section (000157) reports an annual review of the largest orders exported from Turkey in a single batch by both the old and the new branches of the mechanical industry.
The localization strategy is moving forward and there is still much potential to be explored. Performance forecast assessment: performance forecasts are increasing from year to year, new and old industries Investment proposals: taking into account the changing landscape of the industry and the impact of rising raw materials prices, due to caution
\triangleright \triangleright 2021/01/22 10, 8 times, company overseas operations continued, diversified operations gradually improved and “recommended” ratings maintained
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.