The birth of a new chapter on the development of a “liberated” truck marks the beginning of a modern automobile industry in China, with seven generations of product changes.
Disaggregated market coverage has been achieved, with brand values leading for many years. According to the 2024 annual report, a single emancipation won the top of nine sub-markets, including the country's medium-sized card sales for nine consecutive years.
The domestic market is in the forefront: the main segment of the market remains ahead, entering the new product “big year” in 2025, with a target of 330,000 annual sales.
First in the industry; then in the industry, the light card has risen to the top; and work has begun on the Micah Qing Island project, which is expected to break out of the “0:01” by 2025. High-speed growth in overseas markets: launching the “sprint 2030” internationalization strategy, in which 2025 is expected to be achieved
Thanks to national strategies such as One Way, there is still much room for commercial car exports, and the future of new energy sources and smart network cars has the potential to achieve differentiated advantages. Companies have created Emancipation International, acquired an African investment company, and so on.
The “sprint 2030” strategy defines the strategic objectives of internationalization and the path to its realization, with more than half a million vehicles planned to be sold globally by 2030, of which 180,000, or 36%, are sold overseas. The new energy market is re-emerging: full-blown electricity, blending, fuel cell technology routes.
For the second year in a row, sales doubled and are expected to continue at a high rate in 2025. “Supporting policies + lower costs” drives the expansion of new energy applications to focus on new energy vehicles with old and new subsidies.
The company’s sales of new energy vehicles have been reversed for the second year in a row, and smart network technology has led the industry: a smart driving strategy, with the help of the “Data+ai” cloud platform, is expected to accelerate the commercialization of more than one scene in 2025.
Low operating costs raise safety coefficients and policy-supported demonstration projects are being implemented. Companies at the level of l2, l2+, l4 have already applied in mining, ports, logistics, sanitation, ports, etc., and in over 2025 a new product will continue to land. At the same time, companies will develop and develop their own large data cloud platform.
In 2025, the State renewed its 2024 subsidy through an old-new policy of replacing it with a new one, adding a new end-of-life subsidy for four rows of operating trucks, while incorporating gas models into the subsidy.
And, in 2025, it is expected that the country will introduce multiple domestic demand-pull policies that will further increase demand in the commercial car market. “Emancipation” has a long history, brand power, competitiveness, and multiple segmented markets dominate.
The earlier deployment of new energy and smart network technologies has been on the ground in a number of applications, and it is hoped that in the future we will achieve a different competitive advantage, thus further increasing the market share of the domestic market. Once again, companies are localized on such a good basis, with their early and wide coverage along the "one-way" route.
It will contribute to a rising share of global markets in the future. Given the firm’s robustness, focus on R & D, its rich product matrix, its multi-division market position, and its three-year aggressive quality campaign, and its sustained cost reduction, we look to the short and medium term.
(a) The continuing increase in profitability and the perception of long-term new energy sources, multiple routes of products such as smart networks, multiple rounds of price volatility of raw materials, risks of technological route change, geopolitical and overseas policy risks, major financial data and projections:
1.1 Industry status: “Emancipation” has been baptized for more than 70 years, with a long history of “liberating” the most valuable brand for commercial cars, and the birth of more than 9 million “liberating” vehicles has marked the beginning of the modern automobile industry in China.
On July 13, 1956, the first national “liberated” car came offline, thus putting an end to the new China’s inability to make cars on its own. By the 1990’s, under China’s policy of reform and opening up, one gas had developed and produced its second to fourth generation on its own.
In 2003, the central business of medium- and heavy-duty trucks was heavily grouped, and a motor vehicle company was set up to free the trucks. From 2004 to 2007, the company launched the fifth- and sixth-generation heavy-car products. In 2014, the company expanded the area of light vehicles.
In 2018, the seventh generation of heavy truck products was marketed and 7 million liberation trucks were de-lined. On May 20, 2020, a gas group placed the original emancipated asset in a sedan and “a car” was renamed “a sedan”, marking the official entry of a emancipation.
In September 2021, the company launched a “5333” new energy strategy – a blue-way strategy to free commercial car products from electricization and intelligent transformation. In June 2024, China signed a contract with the Qingdao municipality to open a commercial car development court; and in July, China launched a successful launch ceremony for the company’s company.
According to the World Brand Laboratory's analysis of China's 500 Most Valuable Brands, the value of the “liberation” brand was raised to $131,845 million in 2024, ranking first in the commercial car industry. According to the 2024 report, the company won the top of the industry in nine sub-markets, including the country.
For the first nine years in a row, for the first year in a row, for the first year in a row, for the first year in a row, for the first year in a row, for the first year in a row, for the first year in a row, for the first year in a row in a gas truck, for the first year in a light vehicle, for the first year in a new energy, for the top in a new energy medium and for the first time in an industry with a combined growth rate in overseas sales.
Figure 1.1.1 Emancipation Development Highlights 1.1.2 The State Finance Committee of the State Council actually holds shares, holdings, and shares in the chain of industry-related companies, China First Motors Inc. is the direct controller of a gas release and holds 62.18 per cent of the company ' s shares.
Indirectly holding 15.94% of the shares through a Pentecostal S.A., while China’s First Automobile Department has limited shares in real holdings held by the State Finance Committee of the State Council. The company fully held the stock of the Free Motors Company Ltd. and, through it, established several branches in various parts of the country, participating in several related businesses up and down the industrial chain. At the same time, the company participated in Shanghai Haipo.