The core economic zone, where railway passenger transport is the leader of a company that's on the market, transport and rail highways, high-train passenger flow continues to rise, opening up space for the future. Railway passenger transport is our transport system.
The rapid development of high-speed railways has made an important contribution to the movement of people across the region and to increasing economic activity. High-speed passenger traffic has grown rapidly, accounting for 73.6 per cent of our railway passenger traffic in 2021.
With the further expansion of our high-iron network to “eight-hundred-and-eight-thousand”, high-iron passenger flows and their share are expected to continue to rise.
For the first time, it covers the operation of the gold line in Kyoto, with a steady profit from the commissioning model.
The 52-week maximum/minimum mark provides a road network service for four lines dedicated to the co-conspirators.
Strong, with a gross profit rate of 51.1% in 2019 and a net profit rate of 36.2%, even in 2022, where the impact was most pronounced. With the optimisation of immunization policies, the company fully recovered its profits in the first quarter of 2023.
The recovery in railway passenger flows is strong, and there is room for long-term growth. The recovery in railway passenger flows, which were 5.7 percentage points higher in May alone in 2023 than in the same period in 19 years, highlights the resilience of the population.
The service train traffic is expected to increase further, and the performance of the service train continues to rise. In the future, further optimization will take place with the high-speed map of the Qing Yu, with a further increase in the share of the long-column train fleet, a build-up of price fluctuations, the continued dynamism of the pricing mechanism, and the company’s revenue is expected to continue to grow.
The network effect is gradually becoming apparent, and its revenue and performance are expected to improve, together with the opening of the company’s profit forecasts and investment proposals. Kyoto is the leader of the company whose railways are on the market, operating soundly, with the risk of rising cost standards, limitations in profit projections, and limitations in valuation.
The Jingjian High Railway (601816.sh) operates the Jingjian High Highway Railway and participates in the investment, construction and operation of the Jing Fung Jing Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jing Jian Jian Jian Jian Jing Jing Jian is Jing Jing Jing Jing Jing Jing Jing Jing Jing Jing Jing Jing J J J J J J J J J J J J J J J J J J J J J J J J J J J J J J J J J J J J J J J J J J J J J J J J J J J J J J J J J J J J J J J J J J J J J J J J J J J J J J J J J J J J J J J J J J J J J J J J J J J J
In March 2006, the National Development Reform Commission issued to the former Ministry of Railways the National Development Reform Commission project on the construction of a new high-speed railway in Kyoto.