Leisure capacity -- a study on the dynamics of the company, Cyrus (601127.sh)
linzj@cfsc.com.cn 625 million increased by $845 million to achieve a positive return net profit, compared to the ring + 7.97 pct, with a significant improvement in the Māori sales rate, mainly benefiting from new m7 sales
Growth, the accelerated scale effect is evident. Sales rates, overhead rates, research 1, Cyrus (601127): May sales 1.49 pct, +0.43 pct.
The world of questions is carrying industry leading technology that has been successfully cut into China's luxury 2, Cyrus (601127): the world of questions, the creation of brand moats, and the future of companies.
In 2023, the company introduced aito to the world's leading intelligent drivers, smart pods, smart chassis, intelligent processors, and other technological attributes, and quickly took over the market, selling new energy cars, and selling them all year round.
Business income was historically high. In 2023, 150.9 million new energy cars were sold, an increase of 11.75 per cent over the same period. As new m7 sales grew, the scale was accelerated and the market went up for six months, with a cumulative breakthrough of 100,000 vehicles.
China’s high-end new power position is steadily strengthening, with greater potential for growth in the future, maintaining (1) that new models are not as popular as expected; and (2) that the demand for automobile consumption is not as high as expected.
Introduction by the Automotive Group
In-depth and forward-looking research, specializing in bottom-up exploitation of shares. Deep coverage of Tesla Industrial Chain/One Xie Menzin: Master's degree, London School of Political and Economics, 2023 in Chinese securities, Zhang Ji-chi: Bencco, Columbia University, 2024 in Chinese securities.
I do not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or because of, the specific suggestions or opinions in this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the projection of a stock or industry index vis-à-vis the main indicators of the relevant securities market illustrates that: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes: a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreed transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer)
The Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
Yes, but without any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information. We have tried to report its contents objectively and impartially, but the information and views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, which do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financials, and the persons to whom this report is based.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.