Cyrus (601127.sh): Crossing the balance of profit and loss, smart choices, cars to start a new growth event: company revenue of $35,844 million in 2023, +5.1 per cent of the year; net profit of return to the mother--
The net non-mortality profit of 110 million yuan, an increase of 1.04 billion yuan over the same period.
84,000 units, +90.4 per cent of the same year; 19.16 billion yuan, +74.5 per cent of the same year; 24q1 company sales increased further to 95,000 new energy vehicles, +850 million dollars of the same year.
Q2 delivery continues to rise, mainly as a result of the increase in the scale effect of delivery and the 24q1 Māori rate of 21.5%, officially starting at the end of the year with the delivery of the +m5 new item. According to the Hong Meng Ji Yao, the company's collaboration with China's smart car is on the market until April.
With a cumulative delivery of 134,000 units on 30 days and a total of 180,000 vehicles on the market for the last half of the year, a total of 13,391 new vehicles on the list in June 1994 and a total of more than 70,000 vehicles on the list, and a full delivery quarter of 24 hours on the market in June 2005, we believe that the continued increase in delivery is expected to increase further.
During the “Five Ones” holiday, Hong Meng Ji-hyun asked the world m5, asked the world m7, asked the world m9, and the intelligence community s7 for a total breakthrough of 11,000. We believe that as the high-end model m9 is put on the market further, the company’s profitability is expected to increase with the impact of scale.
The company is expected to further increase the size of the company’s \triangleright assets by issuing shares to purchase 100% of the new energy source.
The main assets of the new energy source are super-plants, which are used to produce automobiles such as m9 in the world of inquiry, and the profit model, which provides productive leasing services to companies with ownership rights in 2022 and 2023.
Sinda Securities Inc. Increases the size of corporate assets, reduces the corporate asset liability rate, optimizes the capital structure, and upgrades cindasecuritiesco.,ltd
At the end of February, M9 began delivery, but the result of the increase in sales of the new m7 has been an increase in the volume of sales.
\triangleright Vision q2’s net profits are expected to continue to increase, and China continues to look forward to opportunities for industrial chain release.
\triangleright Figure 1: Company revenue for calendar years (millions of yuan) Figure 2: Company revenue per quarter (billions)
Figure 4: Quarterly Mother ' s Net Profit (Billion Dollars) Figure 5: Company ' s Quarterly Māori & Net Interest Rate (%) Figure 6: Company Quarterly Cost Rate (%)
Figure 7: Cyrus Group monthly sales (car) Figure 8: Monthly sales (car) in the community series, number 1 in the 2018 Gold Cow Award, number 2 in the 2020 New Wealth and number 4 in the 2020 New Wave Gold Corner Team
Four years of research experience in the automobile industry, which is good at capitalizing on investment opportunities. The automobile industry chain is fully covered, focusing on the Tesla industry chain, smart cars, autonomous brands, and so on.
Ding Yi, M.A. in Finance, University of Melbourne, covers, inter alia, smart cabins, electric motors, whole cars, etc. Xu Guofang, Master in Applied Economics, University of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, covers, inter alia, the whole of the new power, intelligent driving, etc.
This report has been produced and published by the CVM. The report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed a service agreement with the CVM, and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.