One quarter of net profit swings, and it's expected to run up the cycle, and cars and cars, and one quarter of 2024, net profit swings. Cyrus earned $35,840 million in 2023, the same year.
Higher, coupled with increased sales pipeline construction and marketing inputs, combined with pressure on sales to curb scale, the effect was released; 2401 won $26.560 billion, compared to +421.8 per cent, the ring +38.6 per cent, the net return and focus on product creation, after nearly four years of loss and pressure, and the net profit of 2401 performance was reversed.
-1.opct, Ring + 6.opct, the decline in comparison with the decline in the previous year is mainly a reduction in the price of the new item m7, and the rise in Ring Piti is mainly the release of the scale effect of the increase in delivery. In 2023, the operation generated net cash flow sales, and the lifting of the scale effect was released (83,000 for 2401 and 2304 for 64,000).
At the cost end, 2401 Cyrus sales/management/research and development rates split and production capacity continues to improve, with the prospect of starting a new cycle. The company, as the first co-operative car company in China's smart selection model, works together to focus on improving the competitiveness of its products.
Using software to define cars, mastering the core technologies of intellectualization and electrodynamicization of the automobile industry, using safety as the base, reshaping luxury with wisdom, exploring the concept of “new luxury” of “traditional luxury + technological luxury” to drive brands upwards with new quality productivity.
As cooperation between the two sides deepens, the ability to define and build products continues to improve, while the distribution of channels is becoming more sophisticated, and companies are expected to continue to increase their sales and start a new up-to-date cycle. Investment proposals: raise profit forecasts, and maintain an “uptake” rating.
The pressure of 23 years of performance has been largely high on research and development inputs, such as m9, m7, while firms have increased their sales channels to build and market inputs, with additional pressure to curb the release of the scale effect; and 2401 has generated 26.560 billion yuan, which is the same amount.
Continuous R & D investment and focus on building products, after nearly four years of loss and pressure, achieved net profit gains on 2401 performance. Figure 2: Cyrus' single-season operating earnings and growth (in billions of dollars, per cent) were lower than the old prices, and the ring increase was largely released by the scale effect of the increase in delivery.
Cost amortization, pull-scale effect release (24q1 for 83,000 vehicles, 23q4 for 64,000 vehicles, 23 for 104,000 for the whole year); 2) high-priced vehicle m9 share increase (m9 for 24q1 for 11,000 vehicles), raising the total amount. Cost side, 24q1 for sale/management/research and development costs, respectively.
Corporate cost control has been effective, boosting profitability and increasing the ring ratio. Through sustained R & D inputs, companies have built up a strong technological accumulation, widening the “technology-lead” business moat, and laying a solid foundation for high-quality corporate development.
In the development of the platform, the company has developed its own innovation to create a modularized smart magic table with the ability to upgrade over time. The platform is a pool of chassis, body, power, software, and a secure cross-domain integration of intelligence.
For power technology, super-exposure systems that companies develop autonomously, with priority over efficiency and nvh performance.
Using industry-led technologies such as high-flow low-pressure cooling egr, high-energy-direction ignition, flatline rounding, mandatory cooling, high-precision gbt cooling estimates, with three core bright spots of “intelligent, efficient, non-sense” to meet the high-suitability of the same type of vehicle. In pure electricity, companies have successfully developed high-intensity integrated electricity.
To boost energy and space efficiency through a combination of efficient and compact designs. In 2023, the aito question world was launched on m5, new m7 and m9 and quickly took over the market, with new energy sources selling and operating at an all-time high:
At key locations, 2,000 mpa-type steels, 9,000 tons of integrated pressurized casting techniques were used, and the entire aluminium alloys were over 80 per cent in size, super-hard nuclear body structure, light and safe; incremental and pure electric dual-energy power; the whole vehicle was 5230 mm long, but had flexible transfer capacity; and the whole system was marked with closed air suspensions and cdc
Variable shock absorbers, soft and dynamic adjustments, and more stable continuous manipulation. 75 inchar-hud has industry with a maximum resolution of 2k, an arc landscape mix; and a combination of ads 2.0 sensor systems, with full coverage of 540°, helps users feel confident about the many complex paths they face.
aito asks
Super-heated steel with a "submarine level" with a battery using shock-resistant blast-proof technology to protect travel safety. Aito asks New M5 released in April 2024, using a closed front face, integrated light set design, integrated \triangleright
A total of 1140 km continued, a 100 per cent full-aluminium alloy chassis with a high-efficiency power platform for Haaweidriveone, 0-100 km/h accelerator 4.3s, fully marked laser radar (1 laser radar + 3 mm wave radar + 11 camera + 12 ultrasound radar) for 24,98,000 sales.
Fig. 10: The sales of the Cylism7 m7 have been relatively stable, and the m9 has continued to make a positive upturn. In March 2024, the sales of the new m7 have continued to grow steadily, with 24598 new vehicles delivered in one month, with a cumulative delivery of over 120,000 on the market and a steady upturn in the new Chinese power vehicle pattern.
The highest sales of cars of more than ten thousand dollars have become a milestone in China’s market for high-end smart cars. In March, the entire world was asked for a brand-new brand of cars, which will lead to a high-level upgrade of the kosher ota.
The company, as the first co-operative company in China’s smart-choice model, works in close partnership to enable each other to focus on the competitiveness of their products. The company insists on software definition of cars, mastering the core technologies of the automobile industry intelligence and electrodynamics, in order to be safe.
For the bottom, re-engineer luxury with wisdom, explores the concept of “traditional luxury + technological luxury” and drives the brand upwards with a new quality. In 2023, the aito question world m5, new m7 and m9 were launched and quickly took over the city. As the cooperation between the two sides deepens, the ability to define and build products continues to grow, while the channels are increasingly out of place.
Well, the company's sales are expected to continue to rise, starting a new up-to-date cycle. And as Cyrus's cars grow, they are expected to have a significant scale effect, thus increasing profitability: Saito asks about 40.772 million cars and single-car sales, respectively.
30.0/29.2/292,000 dollars, price increases in 2024 mainly due to the impact of the high-priced car m9, 25 years The Māori rate assumption: in terms of profitability, we assume the release of the scale effect of increased sales, \triangleright
This has led to accelerated amortization of costs and the maturity of corporate control capabilities, a steady increase in the Māori rate of company automobile operations, with a Māori rate of 22.8 per cent/23.6 per cent (23.6 per cent) of corporate business plates, respectively.
\triangleright has made a longer-term cumulative investment, and we expect to accelerate the amortization of sales costs as sales increase, and therefore the subsequent company sales rates are expected to decline overall and remain relatively stable; and the company holds it.
As a result, it is assumed that other costs will remain stable as a whole. In summary, it appears that the growth in Cyrus' car sales has a scale effect that increases profitability, raises profits, increases the company as the first co-operative car company in China’s smart-choice model, working closely with each other to focus on the competitiveness of their products.
The company insists on software defining cars, mastering the core technologies of car intelligence, electrodynamicization, using safety as its base, reshaping luxury with wisdom, exploring the concept of “new luxury” of “traditional luxury + technological luxury” and pushing brands upwards with new progeny. In 2023, the aito question world m5, new m7 and m9 were launched and quickly took over the city.
As cooperation deepens, product definition and building capabilities continue to improve, while channels are becoming more well-placed, and companies are expected to continue to increase their sales, starting a new cycle of up-to-date business cycles. Keep in mind that the company’s vehicle-type boosts profitability, and keep up with the “uptake” rating as the firm’s competitiveness continues to grow in close cooperation.
The author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; that the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, that, by reasoned judgement and conclusion, independence, objectivity, impartiality and that the conclusions are not directed or influenced by any third party; and that the author has not studied it in the past, now or in the future.