The year-on-year sales rose significantly in May, asking the world brands to take on a stronger position in China's high-end new power — a study on the dynamics of Cyrus.
On June 2, Cyrus released the May Express: the company's total sales in May.
One vehicle, 298.6 per cent higher in the same year, of which a total of 32,200 were sold in Cyrus, an increase of 489.1 per cent in the same year, and a further 0.45 million were sold in other models, a decrease of 45.0 per cent in the same year, of which 1,4110,000 were sold in Cyrus, an increase of 602.5 per cent in the same year, while other vehicles were sold in other vehicles.
For two months in a row, M9 has jumped to the top of China's luxury list of 500,000 yuan or more:
Three series. Questioning World Bank 9 sales for $46.98-5698 million, nearly three months of delivery, tops the list of luxury cars in excess of $10,000. Questioning New World M7ultra on the market for 18 days to break 10,000, creating a new China.
Power car delivery record: New M7ultra released late on 31 May, with a four-point configuration, official guidance for $28,98-3098,000, first on the market, four,349 weekly deliveries, and 18 days on the market for 10,000,
One, Cyrus (601127): Questions Series: Building New Power Vehicle Delivery Records in China, Questioning New M7ultra Targets for June.
Twenty thousand. New m7ultra's best sales will further strengthen the position of brands at the top of China. Not 1.0, 0.9, 0.7, considering the company's working with Chinese brands.
China ' s high-end new power position has gradually stabilized and has greater potential for future growth, maintaining (1) that the expansion of new models has fallen short of expectations; (2) that the demand for automobile consumption has fallen short of expectations; and (3) that cooperation with China has not progressed as fast as expected.
Introduction by the Automotive Group : M.A. Xiamen University, Automation/World Economy, cpa, 6 years of auto industry research, advanced and forward-looking research, good at bottom-up excavation of a unit. Deep coverage of Tesla industrial chain/one.
Xie Menzin: Master ' s degree from the London School of Political and Economics, joined in 2023 in Chinese securities. Zhang Ji-chun: Vuhan University undergraduate, Columbia University master ' s degree, joined in 2024 in Chinese securities. 2 years of work experience in automobile business, mainly in strategic planning for car selection and analysis of related competitions.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth 300 index: the new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.