Cyrus (601127.sh): m9 delivers beyond expectations and is expected to drive corporate profitability further to the good event: according to Marklines, aito asks the branded cars to deliver the stove in May, of which m5ev
Delivery of 1,190, m5 extensions to 4,542; m7 to 10182; m9ev to 1738 and m9 to 14725.
New m5, m7. According to Marklines, aito asked the brands for 10182 vehicles; m9ev for 1738 and m9 for 14725.
On May 31, the new m7ultra was officially listed and delivered 24 hours and 9 hours more than expected, which is expected to lead to a rapid improvement in corporate profits.
Nationwide scale delivery started with continuous uphill delivery in February-May, with 5251, 5446, 15173, and 16463 deliveries, respectively, which since April have been the largest number of cars delivered by brand names. We believe that with the rapid accumulation of new M5, m7 orders on the market, and high sales prices, high Māori models
Seeing the ends 3.0 and the end-of-the-life smartness, the new smart car solution brand of "Dry-Dry-Dry-Dry-Dry" was launched in April, bringing a completely new upgrade to "Dry-Dry-Dry-Dry."
Solutions such as ads, “dry car control”, “dry car cloud” and the release of new products such as ads 3.0, 4d mm wave radar, idvp 2.0, xmotion 2.0, cloud large models. ads 3.0 has been upgraded from end-to-end large models and the structure has been upgraded from bev to god (general barrier).
Large network, with deep understanding of the driving scene; upgrade of pdp (predicting decision-making regulations) network, pre-decision-making and planning of a network, homogenizing decision-making and planning, making space available to start with an ads 3.0 class smart driving system, and follow-up on branded cars.
ota upgrades to further enhance intellectual competence. Profit forecasts: new m5 and m7 orders accumulated rapidly, high sales prices, high-m9 M9 delivery, projected net profits for q2 are expected to continue to grow, and China continues to look good for the industry chain.
Sinda Securities Inc. realizes a net return profit of 67/109/141 billion.
The risk factor is that the new model will be rolled out below the expected risk, the risk of price warfare, and the medium and large end of the new energy source, figure 1: the company's annual revenues (billions of dollars).
Figure 2: Quarterly Corporate Collections (millions of yuan) Figure 4: Quarterly Contribution to Mother ' s Net Profit (billions) Figure 5: Quarterly Māori Rates & Net Interest Rates for Companies (%)
Figure 6: Quarterly cost of companies (%) Figure 7: Cyrus Group monthly sales (car)  Cyrus: sales: new energy vehicles: current monthly value
• Cyrus: sales: automobiles: total: current month ' s value Figure 8: Monthly sales (car) of the Tribute Series, number 1 of the 2018 Gold Cow Award, number 2 of the new wealth in 2020, number 4 of the team cores
Four years of research experience in the automobile industry, which is good at capitalizing on investment opportunities. The automobile industry chain is fully covered, focusing on opportunities in the Tesla industrial chain, smart cars, and autonomous brands.
Xu Guofang, Master of Applied Economics, University of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, covers areas such as the whole of the new power, intelligent driving, and so forth. Which components are not, are not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.