The growth in revenue is expected and the core product continues to lead - the semi-annual review of the 2021 E.V. (600570).
During the first half of the year, the company's operations largely returned to pre-epidemiological growth levels, achieving operating income of 2,052 million yuan, an increase of 26.72 per cent over the previous year, and a net profit of 300 million yuan from non-return to the mother, an increase of 4.58 per cent over the same period.
According to the sub-product line, large retailit operations achieved revenues of 739 million yuan, an increase of 22.84 per cent over the same period; large capitalit operations achieved revenues of 640 million yuan, an increase of 34.03 per cent over the same period; banking and industrialit operations maintained a core technological lead, and new product markets expanded smoothly.
In the first half of the year, the company spent $827 million on R & D, or 40.31 per cent of operating income, and the number of R & D personnel, among other things, continued to be a technological leader, with newly signed clients on site and partially functionally connected.
6.0 Multiple new clients; the new generation of systems has been able to provide comprehensive support in the area of credit creation to meet the needs of financial institutions for follow-up credit projects.
For example, in the area of banking finance, the investment trading system has been merged with the middle and middle floors, and the demand for technological adaptation has begun to be released.
(c) In 2020, the National Dollar Securities Corporation, Research-Hongsin Electronics (600,570.sh), created a medium-level structure for technology and operations for business actors in the city.
Performance forecast rating: performance meets expectations, new standards slow income growth, investment mergers and acquisitions drive ahead, internationalization strategies implement, companies continue to push forward investment mergers and acquisitions, buy and make a permanent profit, and blend with the finastra through constant profits
The company has also taken ownership of the stock and acquired Danwor intelligence to complete the company’s product lines in the field of intellectual research. At the same time, the company continues to promote and defend the army.
The company has also invested in business start-ups in the financial science and technology biosphere. In the first half of the year, the public sector’s external equity investment increased by 142.32% over the same period.
With the rapid development of China’s capital markets, the financialit industry has reached a high growth cycle, and companies like Chen Tunam have more and more expensive inputs, low net profitability, and a ps valuation method is more reasonable.
The macroeconomic downside affects the input of downstream customers; financial science and technology policies fall short of expectations; new product R & D and market diffusion fall short of expectations; industry competition increases and overall profitability of the industry declines.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report were based on compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly reflects my research views and makes reasonable judgements that lead to conclusions that are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.I.S.S.C. has the qualifications for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.C.C.
A basic form of enquiry is the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related effects of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, etc.