Half-yearly, 2021: Actively responding to IT-for-development needs, overseas M&As and co-operation bring new opportunities
Performance is in line with market expectations.  Big money, Internet business is growing at a sharp rate: according to the branch, the top 2021h1 major management it is operating at $640 million, an increase of 34.03 per cent, mainly in State-owned banks with shares in silver.
Among client groups such as rows, a core client focus was achieved with a Māori rate of 84.22%, which is 5.00 pct less than the same time.it Internet innovation generated $339 million, an increase of 30.25% compared to the same year.
Large-scale coupons, 80.50% Māori, 10.92pt less than the same year. Large retailit operations achieved revenues of $739 million, an increase of 22.84% over the same year, mainly new-generation system subscriptions, an increase of 14.67% over the same year, and a sustained decline of 33.07% in Māori, mainly middle-level operations and technology.
▪ Many products are actively aligned with ITD needs, and technology research and development continues to be highly invested: a new generation of systems in corporate retailit operations are fully supported in IT creation to meet the needs of post-finance institutions; all products in banks and industry are also being adapted to IT;
The company has developed a database research and development team to build a more industry-friendly, start-up database. Research and development costs for 2021h1 are $827 million, an increase of 39.57 per cent over the same period, mainly due to continued expansion of research and development, leading to a decline in corporate performance, securitiesit
In addition, the company and finastra have entered into a strategic partnership to work together.
In the case of mergers and acquisitions, the company acquired the model employee holding scheme, the assistant director.
N2n shares nearly 23%, making it the first major shareholder.n2n operates mainly in Hong Kong and Malaysia, Hong Kong's trading system is less structured, and acquisitions have been beneficial to the company in Hong Kong and in terms of increasing its contractual liabilities and opening up its financial base.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: due to the slow pace of upgrading of the financial sector ' s institutionalit system, the slow pace of input with the sea, the technological leadership of products, the continuous expansion of markets within and outside the country, and the maintenance of the “buy-in” rating.