Corporate review report  Performance forecast for the computer industry 21h1 meets expectations, new products E.C. (60570.sh)
The line is expected to enter the fast-release cycle.
The variation in the situation is marked by regional variations, mainly due to the fact that in the past year, many of the company ' s operations were restricted by the epidemic, that travel and some of its commercial roll-out were affected, and that more activities have returned to normal over 21 years, and therefore the cost side is expected to increase faster than the previous year.
The dividends of capital market reforms are far from over, and the industry is expected to continue to benefit. As a leader in the domestic capital market, financial policy reforms bring about incremental changes in the industry, and companies are expected to benefit the first. Policies such as full registration, t+0 and so on are expected to bring about a core bond deal.
Needs for easy system upgrading: introduction of a number of new financial products (public collections), changes in exchange transaction rules leading to an increase in demand for system adaptation; continued financial openness, entry into Chinese markets of foreign bond dealers, financial management agencies, etc., and capital market construction
New products created by distributed systems are already online for some customers, uf3.0 is now online at the beginning of the year, and the o45 platform is on the ground in the Washington Stock Exchanges and Self-Standing Lines. In the current voucher core trading system, centralization is still the dominant model, and as companies are new in the future
Many customers of the product line are located, and the distribution system will be more rapid in the spread of coupons, looking at the growth that the company’s new product has brought to its performance. The company’s investment advice is that it is the leading firm in domestic financeit, and in the country’s macro-environment it is the capital market.
Supported by innovation and the tendency to encourage openness to the outside world, the financialit sector is promising, with the diversification of public-sector lines and promising new business growth points for companies. Prospective corporate risk: risks of changing competitive environments in markets: financial innovation has not advanced as expected.
Photo by p/pb-bands pb-bands p-bands
Figure 1: Operating income and the rate of increase in the company as a whole
Go is not, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific recommendations or views of this report. Wu Jiantmt/College Research Manager.