August 25th, 2021, cost-effective, industry-focused.
On the evening of August 25, 2021, the company issued financial reports for the opening of its operations.
Revenue of 2,052 million yuan, an increase of 26.72 per cent over the same period; net profit from non-return to the mother of 300 million yuan, with the cost of raising control capacity and increasing multi-product line operations.
26.72 per cent increase in current revenue and 108.50 per cent increase in net return to the mother, mainly due to a larger increase in non-recurring gains and losses during the reporting period, resulting in returns on investment from the disposal of transactional financial assets by companies
1.99 pct, mainly the increased cost investment of companies in innovative Internet operations subsidiaries. Cost increases in corporate control over the reporting period from 14.23% to 11.55% for corporate sales, a decline of 2.82% and 0.02 pcts, respectively.
The acquisition of revenue-earning and Danish intelligence has strengthened the division of business areas, with core products such as uf3.0, o45, ta systems, valuation 6 and other business landing cases, and continued to strengthen companies' performance in the industry retailit and capitalit-driven dual engines. The company retailit industry has grown steadily.
Revenue from services was $739 million, an increase of 22.84 per cent, a Māori rate of 71.06 per cent, and the new company retailing system was fully supportive of credit creation to meet the needs of financial institutions for follow-up credit projects, retailit business process outsourcing was successful, and companies were able to obtain more products.
The area of wealth management is recognized; the company continues to consolidate its own advantages in the management of its operations, and the investment trading system o45 products achieves a focused coverage of its core clients in such client groups as state-owned banks, stock-based banks, municipal comptoirs, etc.
The company invested $827 million in research and development in the first half of the year, or 40.31 per cent of its operating income. The number of research and development personnel is 7148, representing the capacity of public technology platforms, increasing investment in financial databases, and planning to build industry compliance.
Fan's letter-making database, introducing fpga technology in the field of high-speed transactions, six months of company work, publishing three of the ai products, adding 30 new contracted clients, adding 15 online, ai articles, a couple of company e-stats (600.570.sh)
Some top customers, such as Skywind Securities, China-China Investment, and League of Nations Securities. The company works together strategically with Finastra to tap capital from mainland and Hong Kong.
Trade system operations, implementation and promotion of internationalization strategies. Acquisition of Pate technology, expansion of corporate financialit industry version b. Investment advice companies are leading domestic financial int firms with capital markets in the country’s macro-level environment
In the light of the trend towards innovation and the encouragement of openness, the financialit sector is promising, and as the structure of the company ' s industry is diversified, it is expected to bring new business growth points to the company.
Figure 1: Business income and the same rate of increase. I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
You have a second-tier market experience and a long-term focus on science and technology companies.