R & D investment has increased further and costs have risen: the net profit on corporate homecoming has increased significantly in the current period.
The main reason for this is a significant increase in the gains and losses on the fair value of corporate financial assets and in the return on investment. 300 indexes of relative depth of shares.
In the first half of the year, the company invested $827 million (yoy+39.57%) in R & D, accounting for 40.31% of operating income. The R & D effort kept the industry on the lead. The company expanded its workforce and raised its remuneration, showing that the current order was full, with the company paying for the second half.
Traditional business continues to grow strongly, with the core products rising steadily: according to the sub-business, companies have largely returned to pre-epidemiological growth levels. The combined share of traditional business retailit and major managementit amounts to 67%, with revenues of 739 million yuan (Yoy+22.84%) and 640 million yuan, respectively.
(yoy+34.03%) and continue to acquire new clients, and industry leadership is further consolidated. The new I category has multiple new clients; the Big Manager's IT Investment Trading System (SIT) product, 045, has broken through the banking sector; the core client focus has been achieved in the area of investment. The new generation of i2 solutions are foreign and foreign.
As a new generation of products lands on top of its head, the puncture effect shows a desire to accelerate the need for a full upgrade of the industry system.
The company is the core beneficiary of the ongoing political reform: the first half of the year, the Deep City Board and the Middle and Middle Panels were formally integrated and the first public collections were officially approved. As financial regulation and capital markets continued to deepen.
_aa_E-Hongsin (600570) 3-quarterly report on the evaluation of reforms, followed by reforms such as public fund-raising, full registration, and single “t+0” policies, are expected to accelerate, resulting in a significant demand for upgrades to the system.
(b) Prospective profit projections and investment proposals: net return profits for companies in 2021-2023 are expected to be different risk factors: a new generation of products falls short of expectations and policy reforms fall short of expectations.
Qing-hoon Ha.