Performance growth is higher than expected, leading business development continues to improve (600.570.sh) 26/08/2021
In the context of the financial digitalization transition, firms move from process digitization to business digitization, offering one-stop financial solutions for their clients. In addition, companies will continue to benefit from deep integration with the middle and middle panels.
The growth in the demand for new markets brought about by regulatory innovations, such as debt separation, is expected to rise. We maintain the profit forecast, which was published in the semi-annual report of 2021, and achieved business income of 2,052 million yuan in the first half of 2021, which is a positive increase of $300 million in net profit, not a subsequent return to the mother, which is 458 per cent, a slightly faster increase than expected.
• Large Retailit, Big Capitalit, has continued to grow towards good core products, helping companies break through priority clients and return to pre-epidemiological growth levels. (1) Large Retailit, uf3.0; Finance, 5.0; and so on.
Follow-up client credit project needs; ldp technology platform has conducted Poc tests with multiple clients, and product landing is expected to accelerate again. In the first half of 2021, large retailit business collected $739 million, an increase of 22.84 per cent compared to the previous year; (2) major fund management it: companies use new technology enabling financial institutions such as ocr, rpa, nlp
In the back-office sector, the programme of building an integrated platform for the operation of the integrated platform, with products in the banking, fund, securities, etc. industry. In the first half of 2021, more than 640 million yuan was spent on large-scale operations in the management of it, representing an increase of 34.03 per cent. • Sustained investment in research and development and technological innovation have deepened the protection of the city's rivers.
In addition, from the point of view of cash flows, the company First Cover Report-Hongsin Electronics: The net cash flow from operating activities increased in the first half of 2021, with 39.92 per cent increases in payroll expenditures for employees in the main departments.
Fintech's leader, dancing with the capital market - So, the surge in excess harvests shows companies' long-term interest in the second half of the year and in the future.