It is proposed to raise capital-advanced technologyic equipment and to focus on import-substitution opportunities — 2 billion US dollars are proposed for high-end equipment development and development, to accelerate import substitution, and to maintain a “recommended” rating:
The company plans to invest $2 billion in high-end equipment development, to promote industrialization of equipment below 28 nm, and to open up the development of 5/7 nm advanced equipment. The company’s additional program and fund-raising project will lead to the rapid development of the company as the leader of the country’s high-end equipment.
• The company announces a public release plan, which adds up to 28 nm and 5/7 nm of advanced craftic equipment: the company intends to distribute stocks to the National Integrated Circuit Fund, the Beijing Electric Control Fund, the Kyoto State-Swiss Fund and the Beijing Integrated Circuit Foundation. The total amount of funds raised is not more than $2.1 billion.
The high-end equipment development project is expected to invest approximately $2 billion, mainly to advance the industrialization of 28 nm and the advanced processic equipment development of 5/7 nm below.
The technical capabilities of key equipment, such as pvd equipment, have narrowed the gap between international and national leadership levels. • The domestic integrated circuit equipment market is promising, and its domesticization is expected to boost company growth: the domestic integrated circuit industry produced $4461.5 in January-September 2018, an increase of 22.4 per cent.
The active circuit industry is better off than the world. China’s current construction of crystal-crystal capacity is now worth more than $150 billion, and domestic equipment is expected to maintain a better demand level from 2019 to 2020. In January-September 2018, corporate semiconductor equipment earned 1,214 million yuan, an increase of 42.87 per cent over the same period.
Some of the leading international firms are now in possession of the 7nm process and will continue to break through the 5nm process, and the China-King International is expected to produce 14 nm. The company is expected to accelerate import substitution and fully enjoy the dividends of domestic crystallized investment through technological upgrading of state-of-the-art equipment.
“Performance meets expectations, semiconductor equipment income increases at a high rate of hand orders and vacuum equipment and electronic parts operations construct a solid performance base: by the end of the third quarter of 2018, companies had received contributions in advance of $1,877 million, an increase of 66.1 per cent over the beginning of the year.
The significant increase in profitability, the company's import turnover, shows a significant increase in orders for equipment-type items of the company.
The large-scale contract for stove equipment, which has accumulated nearly $1.2 billion, is estimated to be approximately $1 billion at present, with a projected high volume of vacuum assembly support growth. 2018-04-25 is expected to benefit from the expansion of photovoltaic silicon production capacity, which will continue to contribute to the company ' s profits.
The revenue from appliances has been reversed, the company proposes to invest $220 million in electronic component base extension, and the revenue from electronic components is expected to grow steadily.