The South-West Securities Research and Development Centre (WSRDC): on 5 January 2019, the company issued a public announcement that the total amount of funds to be raised for public distribution should not exceed 5/7 nanomic equipment.
Of that amount, US$ 2.1 billion was pledged by the National Integrated Circuit Fund, US$ 920 million by China, US$ 600 million by Beijing, US$ 500 million by the Beijing Integrated Circuit Fund, and US$ 80 million by the Beijing Integrated Circuit Fund.
The funds raised for this non-public share collection will be used for the development and industrialization of high-end integrated circuit equipment and for the expansion of the high-precision electronics industry.
• Financial arrangements: development and industrialization of high-end equipment and high-precision electronic components. 1) The “High-end Integration Research and Development and Industrialization Project” is expected to invest a total of $2 billion, mainly in the installation of critical nanotesting equipment and the development of test validation platforms for less than 28 nanometres; and development and implementation of 5/7 nanocritical equipment.
:: Billion yuan, consisting mainly of plant construction, production facilities, auxiliary power facilities, environmental protection facilities, safety facilities, fire-fighting facilities, management facilities, etc.
1 Billion. 1) The high-end equipment project is designed to produce 30 pieces of corrosion equipment, 30 pieces of pvd equipment, 15 pieces of single fire-retrenchment equipment, 30 units of ald equipment, 30 units of stationary stove equipment and 30 units of cleaning equipment. The project is expected to generate an average annual sales income of 2.64 billion yuan after delivery, with an average annual profit of 540 million yuan; 2) high-precision equipment
The electronic components project is designed to produce 58,000 units per year with an average sales income of 160 million yuan per year and a total annual profit of 32 million yuan per year.
1) According to Semi, global semiconductor equipment sales in 2017 amounted to $56.62 billion, a record high, with annual growth of 37%, the highest rate in nearly seven years. Meanwhile, Semi estimates that semiconductor equipment spending will continue to grow in 2018, with sales of semiconductor equipment increasing in mainland China.
The largest, at 49.30 per cent, the mainland Chinese semiconductor equipment sales will reach $11.3 billion, and the Taiwan region is expected to become the second largest semiconductor spending market in the world; 2) North China (002371), 130 nm to 5.
Line indicators are overexpected and will enjoy a strong nanotech generation under two beta, with the production cost of a single 12-inch silicon silicon film increasing nearly sevenfold as a result of the small size of the feature, Alpha (2018-10-28).
However, thanks to the reduced size of the device signature, the production of the silicon chip increased almost 70 times, and the formation of the single chip 2. North China (002371); there was a marked improvement in profitability, which was reduced to 1/10. Thus, the advantage of the 5 nanometer technology generation is clear and will become an integrated circuit manufacturing technology.
3. Nord-Hong Kong (002371): Application of standard materials to explore the rise of national production equipment (2018-06-27) 4. Nord-Hong-Hong-Hong Kong (002371).
New Dynamics of the New Age (2018-04-13) 5. North China (002371): Integration of akrion, which accounts for the large market for cleaning machines (2018-03-31)
• Project implementation necessity I: 5/7 nanocritical equipment applications have great potential and the return on investment is more objective. 1) Erosion equipment: after entering 14 nanometers and below, the proportion of the carving machine in the investment in chip-making front-track equipment will be higher than the proportion of the luminous machine: 2) pvd equipment: not available over the next few years with advanced containment technology
Infiltration and active expansion of advanced containment capabilities by semiconductor front-track processors, the pvd equipment will also gain significant market applications: 3) ald equipment: as the chip feature size continues to decrease, the ald process's excellent sediment homogeneity and consistency make it extensive in areas such as micronology and nanomaterials.
Application potential is becoming more popular: 4) Cleaning equipment: cleaning process in integrated circuit manufacturing has been successful in the development of approximately nanocritical equipment, selling the equipment will be more expensive than previous technology replacement equipment, and investment returns are necessary for project implementation: increasing national self-sufficiency in the sector and narrowing the technology gap with international first-class manufacturers.
1) The self-sufficiency rate of our integrated circuit market is less than 20%, and the demand for chips in the entire electronics industry remains heavily dependent on imports, which in 2017 amounted to $26.140 billion, an increase of 14.6% over the same period, becoming the first import commodity for many years in a row: 2), represented by power builders, Grovender, Intel and Samsung.
The world's leading semiconductor manufacturers have mastered process technology for 14 nanometres and below, some have mastered process technology for 7 nanometers and continue to develop 5 nanometers, while the Chinese mainland manufacturer, China Hari International, also plans to produce 14 nanoprocesses by 2018-2019, followed by 7 nanos.
There is still a gap between the “two or three generations” in terms of the overall level of development of the Misinian process. There is a need to implement the project: the need to implement national industrial plans, and to promote structural changes on the supply side.
1) In June 2014, the State Council issued the Outline for the Promotion of the National Integrated Circuit Industry, which proposes to strengthen the integration circuit equipment, materials and processes, and to develop key equipment such as etching machines. By 2020, the integrated circuit 16/14 nanometer manufacturing process will have achieved volume production on a scale that is essentially technologically advanced.
2) In July 2016, the State Department issued the "13th Five" National Science, Technology and Innovation Plan, which requires the capture of high-end manufacturing equipment and components such as 14 nanometer corrosion equipment, membrane equipment, blending equipment, and the development of 14 nanometer logic and storage chip packages and corresponding system seals.
Measuring technology, 7-5 nanometer critical technology studies, resulting in 28-14 nanometers of equipment, materials, processes, seals, management winds resulting from the company ' s expansion, taking into account the company ' s high profile for the domestic semiconductor equipment industry, plus the domestic semiconductor equipment industry, risks, the risk that fund-raising investment projects will not deliver the expected benefits, and the management climate resulting from the expansion of the company ' s size
Risks of technological upgrading of semiconductor equipment and the risk of cyclical fluctuations in the equipment industry. Assumption 1: The company as the upstream core of the semiconductor industry chain and as the leader of domestic semiconductor equipment, hardmask pvd, aipadpvd equipment have been introduced into the mainstream chip generation plant in the country, given the close to 30 per cent of the R&D costs of North China.
Assume that the next core product, Cubspvd, will soon be validated;
(a) 2018-2020 is a year of home-grown equipment, with orders for home-grown equipment entering an intensive period;
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.