Performance met expectations, with a significant increase in semiconductor equipment revenue The South-West Securities Research and Development Centre event: company fast-tracked performance in 2018 and business income of $3.32 billion in 2018, a year-on-year increase
49.4 per cent; net profit from the return of 230 million yuan, an increase of 84.3 per cent over the same period, is in line with expectations (three electronics equipment performance increased significantly by 75 per cent and revenue from 18q4 quarter was historically high. Revenue from the collection structure of the main sub-mechanics camp was $788 million, yoy+3.23 per cent. Thus, electronics equipment is the company.
The central driving force behind the significant improvement in performance in 2018. In a single quarter, 18q4 earned $1,219 million, yoy+81.13 per cent, qoq+72.66 per cent, 18q4 net profit from the single quarter was $62 million, yoy+37.77 per cent, and qoq+24 per cent.
In China, the semiconductor is in a reverse phase of expansion. The Chinese semiconductor is in a reverse phase of expansion, while the North Chinese client Yangjiang storage + the China Rainbow plus the Mid-Crysian Trinity has accelerated, and the special process capacity in other parts of the country is also accelerating. We expect the entire mainland Chinese region to have an integrated power supply of ic.
Road extension will maintain 3-5 years of super-highness and will add to the steady rise in national production rates, which will be the main driving force behind the high growth of companies in the future. North China has created the leading state-owned equipment, and many 14 nanomic devices have been successfully developed and developed through national mainstream production line validation, cubspvd, and so on.
In 2019, up to $2.1 billion was set in large funds to actively pursue the development and industrialization of 5/7 nano-critical equipment, which we believe will be increased in both directions in the future. The luminous equipment is expected to grow at a high rate, and the lcd equipment order will continue to be released. The PV vendor was active in 2019.
In the area of lcd, the company's core tft front-track technology equipment has entered the mainstream production line, including in the east of Kyoto.
The business revenue is expected to grow at a high rate in 2019 as the downstream panel industry expands its capacity. Given the company’s high profile for the domestic semiconductor equipment industry, plus the domestic semiconductor equipment industry, the development of 5 nanometers and 7 nanomics is accelerated
Risks, risk of fund-raising investment projects failing to achieve the expected benefits, management resulting from the expansion of the company's size.
Risk management, technical upgrading of semiconductor equipment and the risk of cyclical fluctuations in the equipment industry.
5. North China (002371): Big turning point, new dynamics of the new era (2018-04-13)
6. No, no, no, no, no, no. No, no, no, no, no. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.