New process 5/7nm to enhance core competitiveness.
On January 5, 2018, the company published a non-public offer to raise funds for a total of not more than 2.1 billion yuan, of which 920 million were pledged by the National Integrated Circuit Fund.
The funds will be used for the "High-end Integrated Circuit Equipment Development and Industrialization Project" and the "High-Accurate Electronic Devices Industrialized Base Expansion Project".
1. Fund-raising for the development of high-end integrated circuit equipment and the industrial expansion of high-precision electronics equipment. The company ' s high-end integrated circuit equipment development and industrialization project is expected to invest a total of 2005.8 million
Construction of a major integrated circuit equipment innovation centre building and acquisition of 5/7nm critical test equipment and construction of a test validation platform for the development and implementation of 5/7nm critical integrated circuit equipment
15 units, 30 units, 30 units, 30 units, 30 units, 30 units, 30 units, 30 units; total projected investment in the industrial expansion of high-precision electronic components is $241.96 million, primarily to achieve the capacity of 58,000 units of annual production modules. Data from the latest semi-annual reports are available.
The company’s semiconductor equipment main business earns 57% of the company’s total revenue, and the related semiconductor struggle, continued R & D and industrialization are the inevitable ways for the company to build up its strength and expand its strengths. And high-precision electronic components are the company’s preferred business, leading by the product Māori.
With more than 40 per cent of the company’s other operations over the years, the company’s fund-raising projects will increase the company’s persistence in strength.
The next generation of key technologies for integrated circuit equipment to enhance core competitiveness
In order to supply etching machines, sedimentation equipment, oxidizing/dispersing furnaces, cleaning equipment, etc., the company undertakes the three-quarterly evaluation of the Seven Star Electronics (002371);
The latest 14nm process equipment has been delivered to clients for fast-forwarding orders.
The industrial capacity of high-end integrated circuit equipment and the deployment of the next generation of integrated circuit equipment are key techniques to enhance core competitiveness.
3. The semiconductor sector has a wide space to develop, and the new period of semiconductor markets have shifted to domestic markets, with domestic semiconductor sales accounting for 31.9 per cent of the world ' s sales in 2017, but the demand for chips in the electronics industry as a whole is also heavily import-dependent, with an integrated circuit market with a self-sufficiency rate of less than 20 per cent. To this end, domestic policies and funds have enabled the domestic semiconductor industry to fly.
According to data from China's semiconductor industry association, 20 crystal-crystal manufacturing lines have now been set up or are in operation in the country, with a total investment of $125.5 billion. In 2017, our integrated circuit industry achieved a sales value of $5,411.5 billion, and is projected to grow at more than 900 billion yuan by 2020, with a composite growth rate of 20.8 per cent, and the company, as the lead company for domestic semiconductor equipment, will have developed its own industry.
Do not maintain a “strongly recommended” rating for 71x, 48x, and 37x. Semiconductor equipment customers are not imported as expected, and competition is increasing.
The source of the east's wealth, the east's wealth, the north's wealth, the north's capital (002371); the new 5/7nm process to enhance core competitiveness.
The Chinese People ' s University School of Economics, with its undergraduate and master ' s degree, has three years of experience with companies listed in the media, following up on the new energy automobile industry chain and the mechanical industry, joined the civil securities in 2016 and the East Hing securities in 2017.
The research assistant gives an overview of the researcher's own views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, the specific recommendations or recommendations in this report.
Our company has no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information, nor of the information and construction it contains.
There will be no change. We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the points, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by the investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies, etc.