• Establishment of an integrated circuit industry to strengthen the main business edge of 2.1 billion yuan for the development and industrialization of high-end integrated circuit equipment and for the construction and distribution of high-precision electronic components.
Don't spend $1.88 billion and $220 million. The launch is addressed to the National Integrated Circuit Fund, Beijing Electric Control, the Kyoto State-Sweeting Fund, and Beijing.
The company has built four major clusters of semiconductor equipment, vacuum equipment, new-energy lithium appliances, and sophisticated electronic components. This private release will be used to raise funds for high-end integrated circuit equipment development and industrialization projects.
After the birth, the average annual sales revenue is expected to be $2.638.22 million, and after the successful implementation of the project, the overall technological strength of the company will be enhanced, with the main camp.
In recent years, the integrated circuit industry has been strongly supported at the national and global levels.
In the context of the shift of gravity to China, the demand for upstream equipment will be driven by the company, which is the largest semiconductor enterprise in the country, with semiconductor equipment products comprising, inter alia, etching machines, pvd, cvd, oxidizers, diffusion.
Seven major types of semiconductor equipment, including furnaces, scrubbers and mfc, and parts and components, covering most of the key processes in the pre-conductor production process, many of which, in our view, account for a larger share of the market in the domestic market.
The company’s net profit growth in the first three quarters was mainly due to sales and orders and production on a larger scale than in the previous year.
During the first three quarters, the company semiconductor equipment and vacuum equipment earned $1,214 million and $304 million, respectively, exceeding the sum of the total revenue from the business for the whole year of 2017, which is an increase over the same period last year.
The industry is expected to continue with high demand in the industry, and as corporate product orders are released, we expect to perform at a year-round margin Profit forecasting and rating: equipment in semiconductor industry.
For the first time, the company is expected to gain market certainty as the largest semiconductor in the country, driven by investment pull and domestic substitution.