It is proposed to increase production to the largest fund, targeting the most advanced process in the world.
For $92/6/50 million. This fund-raising is intended to be fully invested in the development of high-end integrated circuit equipment and the development of 5/7nm technology, which will further strengthen the industry leadership: the equipment of the North is in two core processes of corrosion, film growth and semiconductor production.
The company, as the country’s major science- and technology-specific unit, has completed several key processes, such as the 12-inch integrated circuit manufacturing equipment 90-28nm, and the current portfolio of 02-specific 14nm modules has been submitted to its clients for process certification.
The implementation of the fund-raising project focused on industrialization of 14 nm equipment, as well as on the development of key technology for 5/7 nm equipment, following the current world’s leading process level.
1) Industrial transfer: With the recovery of the world economy and the growth of the semiconductor market, our country has become the largest semiconductor manufacturing base and the largest semiconductor consumer market in the world. Semi projects that 62 new crystal mills will be built globally between 2017 and 2020, with a new China mainland.
26, or about 42 per cent of the world ' s new crystal-crystal mills, are the driving force. 2) Technological update: Integrated circuit manufacturing processes generally use the finfet structure at 14nm nodes, compared to the previous plane structure, the finfet stereo structure requires a large number of etchings, film sequences, phase
The storage process has shifted from 2dnand to 3dnand, and the corresponding engraved and film-growing equipment has increased its investment from 30% to 70% of the production line.
The project was designed to produce 30 pieces of corrosion equipment, 30 pieces of pvd equipment, one piece of fire-retardation equipment, with a high level of innovation in the accounts, and the development of national production equipment.
15 units, ald equipment 30 units, stand-up stoves 30 units, cleaning 30 units with approximately full capacity, fast track 2018-10-27, as much as 120,000 pieces of crystal factory equipment, compared to millions of crystal factory units on the Chinese market
(b) In terms of performance, the company ' s planned capacity as a proportion of overall demand is extremely low and is expected to be fully operational at a fast pace.
Billion yuan, with a static recovery period of 7.19 years (including construction period) for total investments.  Profit forecasting and investment rating: company as the leader of Chinese semiconductor high-end equipment, product R & D equity incentive completed, support R & D demonstrated.
A sustained breakthrough, driven by expansion of production capacity, has led to the development of confidence in domestically produced equipment brought about by a wave of deep-beneficiaries, 2018-08-1777/51/37x, which maintains an “enhanced” rating, taking into account the current state of company operations.
The company is active in the development of 5/7nm technology to further strengthen the industry's leading position, while the North has two core processes of corrosion and membrane growth, accounting for 30-40% of the investment in the semiconductor's entire production line. As the country's major technology portfolio, the company has completed 12-inch integrated circuit manufacturing.
The project has been implemented, focusing on the industrialization of 14nm equipment, and on the development of 5/7nm equipment, keeping pace with the world’s leading technology levels.
Industrial transfer + technological upgrading, with a wide range of equipment needs at the company’s disposal 1) Industrial transfer: With the recovery of the world economy and the growth of semiconductor markets, the country has become the largest semiconductor manufacturing base and the largest semiconductor consumer market in the world.
The world will build 62 new crystal-crystal plants, 26 of which will be added to mainland China, representing about 42% of the world’s new crystal-crystal plants, which will be the driving force. At the end of the demand for equipment, industry shifts will drive domestic equipment demand, with Chinese semiconductor equipment in the third quarter of 2018.
Market size is $3.98 billion, with a 5 per cent increase in the ring, a 106 per cent increase in the same year, making it the largest semiconductor equipment market in the world. Semi projects a 10.8 per cent, 7.7 per cent and 46.6 per cent slowdown in global semiconductor equipment sales in 2018 and 2019, respectively.
High-level technology-promoting chip process development has created a large market demand for home-grown equipment, offering Uttar Pradesh’s leading equipment company the opportunity to replace home-grown equipment. 2) Technological update: Integrated circuit manufacturing processes generally use finfet structures at 14nm nodes, compared to the level before.
The surface structure, the shape of the finfet, requires a large amount of corrosion, a thin film process, and the corresponding demand for equipment has increased significantly. The storage process has shifted from 2dnand to 3dnand, and the corresponding corrosion and film growth equipment has increased from 30% to 70% of the investment in the whole line.
As the world’s semiconductor production capacity shifts to mainland China on a large scale, and as corrosion and thin-film-sed equipment grow in proportion to the single line of production, North China’s demand for equipment will continue to rise, becoming a beneficiary of the semiconductor industry’s development. The demand for large – and small – project capacity is expected to become rapidly fully operational.
The project was designed to produce 30 pieces of corrosion equipment, 30 pieces of pvd equipment, 15 pieces of stand-off equipment, 30 pieces of ald equipment, 30 pieces of stand-up equipment, 30 pieces of cleaning equipment, approximately 12,000 pieces of crystallized manufacturing equipment.
One hundred million yuan, with a total annual average profit of 500 million yuan and a total investment static recovery period of 7.19 years (including the construction period). As the Chinese semiconductor ' s leading equipment, and driven by continued breakthroughs in product research and development and expansion of production capacity, Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the China Securities Supervisory Board, already has a portfolio investment advisory board.