Self-employment, investment, a marked reversal, and the expansion of the scale of the ambition: the first quarterly report of 2023 was published by the merchants. 23q1, the company achieved a revenue of $4,931 million, compared to +57.37 per cent, a net return to the mother of $488 million, compared to +50.92 per cent, a weighted average.
In 2022, the loss of $20 million in the market economy improved considerably. Of this, $468 million was invested, a year-on-year increase.
214.09% contributed to the main increase in net profits during the period. Self-employment expanded to 48.954 billion, investment banking performed well, and regional resource advantages were realized. 23q1, companies invested in silver and silver, generating income of $232 million, an increase of 88.62%.
At the same time, the company mentored the Pharmacy industry, Mingtai shares, Afonda completed the pre-discussion, and the service enterprises were concentrated in the East China region.
One billion yuan, an increase of 152.01 per cent in the same year, and a higher rate of 0.8 to 1.4 per cent in the city, we believe that, with the improvement of the economy and the introduction of full registration, the company will take advantage of its position and resources to further develop its current operations.
Brokering goes down, largely to the market. 23q1, the company achieves revenue from brokering, assets expands, and is clearly ambitious. 23q1, the assets of the company rise to the level of brokering: on March 16, the company took part in a private equity contest, albeit unsuccessfully.
But it is clear that there is a strong ambition to expand the company. Profit predictions and investment ratings: Zhejiang economy is well developed, listed companies and high net people are rich in resources, corporate investment and wealth management operations are supported by good location.
Significant improvements in corporate self-employment and brokerage revenues are expected, and follow-up on company performance is expected to continue.
\triangleright: Business expansion has not been as effective as expected.
Li, General Manager of the Guanghai Rental Operations Department, formerly in China-China Portfolio Portfolio, Huatuan Securities. Joined the Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre in November 2019. He was in charge of the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre. He was a Master of Arts in Economics, Shandong University, and a Master of Economics, Ange School of Higher Business, France. Three years of non-banking financial research experience. He was a former Master of Science, University of Wuhan, and a Master of Actuarial Science, University of Boston, four years of actuarial experience, joined in June 2022.
The component is not relevant, is not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views contained in this report. Sinda Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the China Securities Commission.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.