A 20 per cent increase in October sales of optional car and car spare parts, and a upward trend in the bus industry were established. Events: companies issued October sales reports, 36.42 buses were sold, a 25.41 per cent increase over the previous year.
The bus continued to warm up, and sales grew by double digits. After the first positive increase in passenger traffic in September, the volume of passenger vehicle sales continued to recover in October, with 3,642 vehicles sold, a significant increase of 25.41 per cent compared to the previous year, except for delays in overseas orders and subsidy policy guidelines during the same period.
There has also been a marked improvement in the structure of sales, specifically 1,686 buses, 1,337 buses in the middle, and 619 cars in the light.
The median passenger ratio was 46.29%, an increase of more than 6 percentage points in the same year. At the same time, about 1,900 new energy buses were sold, or more than half of them, and both the bus and the bus were more profitable product groups for companies, with an increase in their share likely to lead to a recovery in Māori rates and profitability.
The bottom of the industry is over two years old. The bus industry has undergone three consecutive years of adjustment since 2018.
The 12-month high/minimum demand has also continued to warm up, and the demand for buses as an important part of urban public transport is expected to continue. In addition, in the next two years, new energy vehicle subsidies will be provided for the last two years.
The Utun bus (600066) is also expected to focus on the release of the source bus requirements, which will accelerate next year as the outbreak is under control.
With recovery and release, the bus industry is expected to step out of the bottom and start a recovery. The company, as the passenger industry leader in 2019/10/29, has been able to increase its sales in September and October for two consecutive months, and orders have been on the rise.
Woo-tung Bus (600066) Reporting points: Stepbacks, recovery signs have emerged.
-2019/08/26 Investment proposal: The company is a high-quality leader in the bus industry, and market ownership is maintained at 30 per cent per year in the Annual Journal of the Wittenbus (600066):
The bus industry is expected to recover from three years of decline, and the company is expected to rise in the future with the post-subsidization era.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.