Qatar, 2022 in recent days, the company signed a contract with the Qatar National Transport Company.
The World Cup vehicle supply and service contract is worth nearly $1.8 billion in total. Power wins the World Cup list, and top-level competitions raise brand power. Companies, with their super-power, cut more than 1,000 World Cup purchase orders for cars, with a total of about 1.8 billion.
Delivery is expected to continue from April 2021, with performance expected to continue in 2021 and 2022, with an average of about 1.8 million bicycles, far above the company’s historical average, while the next World Cup will be used as a vehicle that will be visible to a global audience, hopefully.
The share of new energy continues to rise. This single harvest serves as a new starting point for recovery from overseas demand, a new breakthrough in demand from overseas in the wake of the epidemic, and at the same time, it should be decided.
Total equity/flow (million shares) 741 new energy buses in a single structure, representing the total market value/flow (millions) of new energy sources acquired to date in the country
Cars have the largest orders. In addition, the share of new energy in the order is more than 70 per cent and its structure is significantly optimized, and the share of new energy delivered overseas has grown in reverse terms by more than 10 per cent since this year, and the share of new energy in future overseas demand is expected to rise further.
The bottom of the industry has passed, and the recovery can take place in the next two years. The bus industry has been undergoing a four-year adjustment to the short-term downswing performance of the bus bus (600066) since 2017.
Bump, and the long-term recovery of passenger cars is emerging -- 2020/10/27 demand has also continued to warm, with a consecutive positive increase in single-month sales in September and October, and industry (600066).
The demand is expected to stay warm. In addition, the next two years will be the last two years of the new energy vehicle subsidy, the new talent bus: sales and profits will rise, and the demand for the source bus is expected to be released, and overseas demand will accelerate next year as the epidemic is under control.
-2019/10/29 Recovery and release, with the bus industry expected to step out of the bottom and start recovery for more than two years.
In recent years, there has been a steady increase in the number of cities, a four-year decline in the number of buses, a recovery in heat, and a public research institute.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.