There was a marked improvement in the distribution of car options versus car parts in November, and the recovery trend in the industry is becoming clearer.
The ring ratio has improved significantly, and demand has returned to normal. After two consecutive months of positive growth in passenger vehicle sales in September and October, the volume of passenger vehicle sales has resumed to improve in November, resulting in a total sales of 4567 vehicles, which, despite a slight decline in comparison with the previous year, was largely due to a decline in overseas demand, but the ring ratio was more than 25 per cent.
In addition, the volume of passenger vehicles in November was 4770, an increase of 7.7% compared to the previous year, and the industry’s recovery of real demand in the form of sales was better. The demand at the end of the year was strong, with a complete warming of the plates.
A total of 1,841 vehicles, 19,39 in the middle, 787 in the light, and still in the middle, with more than 2,000 new energy sources expected to grow in the same year. At the end of the year, public transport companies were bidding for peak periods, taking into account the need to prepare vehicles in advance of the spring, which was traditionally the end of the year.
Total market value/flow (millions of dollars) New energy subsidy policy is clear and limited, and new energy sources are either less powerful or less powerful than the Utopia (600066) World Cup.
Purchase orders, offshore demand grabs are now -- 2020/12/01 industry is out of the bottom, with a period of future recovery. The bus industry has been undergoing four consecutive years of adjustment since 2017, the current disadvantages affecting industry demand have been lifted, and public transport has been reduced.
Upward trends in the bus industry are established - 2020/11/04 Travel demand has also been on the rise, and buses as an important part of urban public transport are required for WCV (600066).
In addition, the next two years will be the last two years of a new energy vehicle subsidy, and new energy and bus needs are expected to be released, while new orders for the Qatar World Cup are set back on demand from overseas, and the bus industry is expected to move on as the epidemic is expected to be released in the coming year.
As the company’s leader in the bus industry, sales are returning to normal demand for three consecutive months, orders are coming back, and recovery is emerging. Investment advice: the company is a high-quality leader in the bus industry, and the bus industry is expected to experience a four-year downturn.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report