Short-term downswing performance on the size of alternative car and car parts, and the long-term recovery of passenger cars is emerging: three quarterly reports issued by the company, cumulatively generating $13.614 billion in the previous three quarters, compared to the previous three quarters.
The epidemic and the fiscal impact on the demand for passenger vehicles, and the scale of the downturn has hit short-term performance. The impact of the epidemic on the demand for public transport, as a public transport tool, has been accompanied by local fiscal pressures affecting the demand for public transport, which has been under pressure since this year in the passenger-car industry.
The recovery is slowest in the sub-areas. The company’s cumulative sales of 26840 during the previous three quarters, down the same period, have fallen significantly, albeit on a narrow scale, affecting plant depreciation and amortization of overall costs, with some impact on short-term performance.
The gross equity/flow ratio (millions of shares) has begun to improve and the exchange rate has affected financial costs.
With nearly three percentage points of growth in one season, the cost-side pressure has been somewhat reduced. Three quarters of the financial cost amounted to $176 million, with a significant increase in the same ring ratio, mainly due to exchange rate fluctuations in foreign currency.
As a result of the change in the assessment of gains and losses on exchange, passenger vehicles: sales and profits are two-fold higher, with a strong headline – 2019/10/29
The bus industry is expected to get out of the bottom, and its recovery is emerging.
As the economy recovers and local fiscal pressure subsides over the last three quarters, effective control of the domestic epidemic also creates a panic base for public transport.
Utunbus (600066) Annual Review of Utunbuses: this is eliminated and the next two years will be the last two years of subsidy for new energy vehicles, and the need for new energy buses will rise in the post-subsidization era.
The bus industry is expected to rise out of the bottom and start a recovery. The company, as the leader of the bus industry, has already grown in September, orders have recovered, and investment is recommended: the company is a high-quality leader in the bus industry, and market ownership is maintained at 30% per year.
The bus industry is expected to recover from three years of decline, and the company is expected to follow the Academy on the 9th North Street in Beijing's West Side.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.