Performance was slightly lower than expected, and it was expected that the \triangleright copper price would continue to fall as the main reason for the same decline in performance. Production: mineral copper exceeded production, mineral gold
\triangleright tons, 18.5 per cent more than in the same year; mineral zinc (lead) 240,000 tons, 4.8 per cent more in the same year; mineral silver 208 tons, 11.2 per cent more in the same year; lithium cloud (lithium carbonate equivalent) 1,292 tons.
52-53% of annual production targets were met, exceeding the plan, mainly due to the excess increase in production of the Serbian timok and Kamoa II technology improvement projects, taking into account the six-month suspension of the giant dragon copper mines due to the accident, if the actual production is normal or higher. The annual target was met for mineral gold, lithium carbonate production.
44/43 per cent of Qiuzu School, mine gold deficit due mainly to or due to the failure of Pogra to resume production as scheduled, Shanxi Ziqin and Aurora s010521120001
Some of the production is in short supply, and lithium carbonate production is expected to catch up in the second half of the year. q4 is expected to be able to complete the annual production plan with the 3q Salt Lake. Prices: copper prices have fallen in the same year, while gold prices have risen in the same year.
\triangleright Construction Industry Production: 2023q2 company production of mineral copper/gold/gold, 247,000 tons, 16 tons, 103.7 tons, ring, respectively
The same-year increase in production by research assistant Zhang Qing is mainly due to the increase in the production of dragons, the full production of timok, the completion of Kamoa II and the completion of the technology improvement project, the gold mine of rosebel and the table, etc.; prices: the price of copper.
The price of 2023q2lme copper fell by 10.8 per cent over the same period, the ring fell by 5.4 per cent to $8480 per ton, and the price of gold was equal.
Quarter 2023 reporting depths of the gold mine (601899.sh) Copper plate, timok downbound mine, Camoa Phase II expansion and three phases IV construction, Dragon Phase II III evaluation: q1 performance meets expectations and mining giants continue to grow.
2. The gold mining industry (601899.sh) reported its depth in 2022, with a rise in sea gold, rosebel and Savayalton buying and growing gold production.
Metal plates, holding the high-quality lithium resources of the "two lakes one" in the hands of the project, are continuing, and are expected to transform the resource advantage into a yield advantage. At the same time, the added-value strategic mine has grown molybdenum, acquired the largest single-body molybdenum mine in the world, and the equity molybdenum 3.
It is expected to become one of the world’s largest producers of molybdenum in the future, with a significant increase in the performance of the same price rises, and expectations of the copper gold lithium molybdenum, investment proposals: the company’s copper gold production continues to grow, and the lithium molybdenum project builds a new growth curve.
4. Development report on the mining of purple gold (601899.sh): participation in the competition for China ' s largest lead and zinc mine, with a coded lead and zinc field layout of 2023, 22 billion yuan, 27 billion yuan and 35 billion yuan for the mother ' s net profit, corresponding to 14 x and 14 per cent of the price collected on 7 July
11x and 9x, maintaining the `recommended' rating. Performance point rating: drop in price q3 performance pressure, built-in growth + \triangleright
The findings of the study are presented independently and objectively and are accountable for the content and views of the report. The study clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, the conclusions are not subject to any third party's approval or influence, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, the specific recommendations or views contained in the report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.