Purple gold mining (601899.sh) -- semi-annual reviews.
This is due to higher production costs and to the recovery of copper and zinc prices at the stage. 49.22 million tons (8.88 million tons of camoa equity), +14.21 per cent in the same year; and mineral zinc production, +14.21 per cent in the same year. Core mineral production cost: 23h1 mineral gold unit operating costs of $210.02/g, +19.27 per cent in the same year.
52 weeks of maximum/minimum prices, an important year of growth, especially the scale of mineral copper sales on the new steps, the three world-class copper mines of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the Kamua-Cacura copper mine, the Serbian Peji copper mine and the Tibetan dragon copper mine.
In 2023-2025, company growth was still to be expected, except for copper and gold, where the growth of lithium and molybdenum became a new bright spot and the company’s core mineral layout became more diverse. At the same time, the company’s M&As did not stop; on 21 August this year, the company acquired new copper from Tibet, adding new copper equity.
The gold mine (601899.sh)-23q1 profit ring has increased significantly, growing in the medium and long term, with 1.72 million tons of resources, more than 75 million tons of corporate copper, and the future of the Juno copper mine is expected to form the purple gold mine (601899.sh) - diversified layout, with growth worth growing over the next three years.
100 000 tonnes/year copper-producing mines. 60189.sh - Falling gold prices, counter-cyclical M&A start-up aids Investment proposal: maintenance of the “buy-in” rating.
The semi-annual report Review of the UV Mining (601899.sh): a record of core performance indicators, taking into account the increase in the cost of the company ' s core minerals, and the forecast of profits of a small under-renovation company. The projected semi-annual advance announcement for the UV Mine (601899.sh) evaluation: release of the core minerals
High volume-driven growth, sustained breakthroughs in the configuration of lithium resources — 2022-07-11 A wealth of mineral resources, accelerated internationalization process, positive strategic extension of new energy sources, industrial energy transformation, diversification of core minerals, clear medium- and long-term growth paths, future
It is hoped to be among the world’s top-class international mining companies, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. The profit index has fallen somewhat over the years, mainly as a result of higher production costs and a backsliding of copper and zinc prices, with metal prices affecting profits by $1.56 billion.
Core mineral production: 23h1 company, 32.34 tons of mineral gold, +19.63 per cent for the same year, q1/q2 for the core mineral cost: 23h1 company mineral gold unit operating costs of $210.02/g, +19.27 per cent for the same year, ring ratio of 1.86 per cent; mineral copper-weighted average unit operating costs of $21653/ton for the same year
From a Māori ratio point of view, 23h1 has a combined Māori rate of 14.65 per cent, a decrease of 2.49 percentage points, an increase of 0.25 percentage points in the ring ratio; if smelted and processed products are removed, the Māori rate for minerals is 51.75 per cent, compared to Figure 6: Prices, Costs, Māori (RM/t) for the company ' s mineral copper unit sales
The cost of the operation is about 1,471 million yuan, compared to +184.11 per cent; the total cost rate for the period of 23h1 is about 4.05 per cent, compared with the outline of the Millennium Development Goals. The company aims to establish a “green high-tech international mining group” by 2030. The core strategic orientation includes: 1) globalization, project mega-ization, asset securitization; 2) a focus on mining, resource excellence.
First, synergistic development; (3) joint development, green low-carbon, and overall upscaling of the esg. The company’s vision for 2030 in the Platform is that the mining plate will continue to function and the new energy materials will become a new growth force: a combination of resource reserves controlled by the company, production of major products, sales revenues, size of assets, profits, etc.
(b) Full implementation of an advanced global operating management system and a sustainable development system for esg, which essentially results in global mining industry competitiveness and comparative competitive advantage, with the goal of a “green high-technology international mining group” (GTO).
During the first half of the year, the company’s project was built in an orderly fashion, with a sharp focus on new energy sources. The first and second phases of the joint build-up of the Congo’s Kamo A and the third phase and 500,000 tons of copper smelting, the conversion of the Sel Viabor copper smelter technology into production, the closing of the new vk mine, and the completion of the Chukalu-Pej copper gold.
The development of the lower mineral belts has progressed steadily; the Tibetan dragon copper mine has been expanded in second phase, and the mining of the Dobble Mountain copper mountain has progressed in an orderly manner. On August 21, the company acquired new copper deposits in Tibet, adding 1.72 million tons of copper in equity, more than 75 million tons of copper in the company, and the Juno copper mine is expected to advance rapidly and will form 100,000 tons of copper per year in the future.
The newly acquired Rosebel gold mine in Suriname was profitable only one month after it was handed over, the Tajik Zevshantalo gold mine was built into a test vehicle for pressurized oxidation, and the entire binduli gold field in Norton, Australia, was fully operational; and the tidal gold mine in the Gulf of West Purple was fully operational, with 2.4 million tons of gold in the new frontier Savaton gold mine.
The construction of the selected projects was initiated, the development of the gold gold mine in Gansu-Nam was advanced in an orderly manner, and the Powgra gold mine in Papua New Guinea resumed production in the second half of the year. The preparation of the ton-smelting system was carried out in an orderly manner, and the first phase of the construction of the Lithium 3q Salt Lake in Argentina resulted in the production of lithium coarse carbonate.
The phosphate lithium, electrolytic copper, lithium platinum, and hydro-hydrogen energy projects have been fully marketed. The two-wheel drive of the clean environment “Environmental + New Energy” has been carried out, and the Dobble Mountain Windlight Project, the Kzylsu Lightvoltage Project, the Batteries and the Storage Energy Project have been rapidly launched.
By the end of June, the company’s green electricity equivalents had grown 3.59 million large adult trees. In particular, the scale of sales of mineral copper has risen to a new level, with the Democratic Republic of the Congo’s Kamoa-Cacura copper mine, the Sel Via Pegui copper gold mine and the Tibetan dragon copper mine, three world-class copper mines.
Growth is still to be expected, except for copper and gold, where the growth of lithium and molybdenum becomes a new bright spot, where the company's cores are accelerating, where the strategic extension of the dynamic energy transformation of the new energy new materials industry, the multi-methodological layout of the core minerals, the medium- and long-term growth path is clear, and the future is expected to become a global super-class international mining enterprise, sustaining it.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject