Half-yearly, performance declined, but multi-mine production continued to rise — a company event evaluation report by the company Purple Mining (601899.sh). The company released a 2023h1 performance forecast: 2023h1 net return profit.
The impact of the fall in copper prices, the fall in net profit for 23h1 from the same year, the full increase in the production of the main mining plant, the further release of mineral copper in 2023h1, and the 104,000 tons of mineral copper in a single quarter, 2023h1
Contributions to mineral copper were 197,600 tons, an increase of 38.27 per cent over the same period.1 Purple gold mining (601899): performance ring: breakthroughs in lithium metal production and companies achieving lithium cloud mothers (equivalent) at 2023q2
One,292 tons of lithium carbonate is growing faster than the huge improvement in copper gold and minerals.  New growth projects are multi-pronged and are expected to produce more.
ii. "Golden Mining (601899): The Lithium Salt Project has been completed, further gold mining has been acquired, new construction projects have been steadily advanced, “Bronze Force”, “Golden Power Force” and “Golden Enhancement”
The industry pattern of the “Lithium Power Force” industry has developed steadily. 3 Utility Mining (601899): Copper Gold Mine
Copper plate: The Kamoa-Cacura copper mining programme has continued to grow in 2023, with a total of 390,000 to 430,000 tons of lithium in storage.
The postnatal Kamoa-Cakura copper mine is planned to produce an average of 620,000 tons of copper per year, which is expected to jump to the fourth copper mine worldwide. The first phase of the dragon copper mining phase has been completed, and the 150,000 tons/day selection process is being advanced.
Preparations are under way for the re-exploitation of the second 200,000 tonnes/day mining operation. The completion of the second phase will result in the production of 350,000 tonnes of mineral copper per year in 2025. The Serbian Pej copper mining project is expected to produce 300,000 tonnes/year of mineral copper by 2025.
Gold plate: The marine gold mining project has reached the expected value of 15-20 tons per year. The company actively promoted the resumption of production of the Bazvo Pogra gold mine, with the signing of the New Bogra Promotion Agreement with the parties at the beginning of April this year, according to Baric.
The main mining area of Rosebel gold mine in Suriname, the Saramacca mine, is already operational, and the latter is accelerating production. The upgrade of the plant equipment is expected to be completed in the second half of 2023.
The extension works were completed to the post-partum stage, with 10 tons of mineral gold per year expected to be produced. Tons of crude lithium carbonate systems, with the first 340 kg of crude lithium carbonate successfully produced. One phase of the 20,000 tons/year battery-grade lithium carbonate project is scheduled to be completed by the end of 2023.
In late 2023, a project to produce 20,000 tonnes/year battery-grade lithium hydroxide was completed. The thorium-source lithium polymetal mine has completed a 300,000/year selection system. The company is currently moving forward with two 5 million tonnes/year selection projects.
A new phase of the "two lakes one mine" project, to be completed in the second phase, is expected to achieve a total capacity of 12-15 million tons of lithium carbonate. The fall in copper prices has led to a decline in performance, but copper prices have rebounded to higher levels since June.
Positioning, thus maintaining a “buy-in” investment rating. 1) Risk of significant price reductions for products; 2) Copper mine expansion and reptiles less than expected; 3) Gold mine expansion and climb less than expected: 4) Lithium Carbonate capacity construction is less advanced than expected: 5) overseas
The new material group introduced the Master of Science, Chinese University of Hong Kong, 3 years of master ' s degree in science, and 6 years of experience in new energy research.
I do not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or because of, the specific advice or opinions in this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the projection of a stock or industry index vis-à-vis the main indicators of the relevant securities market illustrates that: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes: a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreed transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer)
The Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
Yes, but without any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information. We have tried to report its contents objectively and impartially, but the information and views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, which do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financials, and the persons to whom this report is based.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.