Long-term growth hormones have increased, and the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre continues to deliver on the pipeline.
Events: The company published a quarterly report in 2024, which generated operating income of $3.18 billion, an increase of 14.4 per cent over the same period; the net profit attributable to the parent company ' s shareholders was 860 million yuan, an increase of 0.2 per cent over the same period; the net profit from deductions (-3 per cent) was achieved, the growth hormone plate was steadily growing and the long-acting hormones were rising.
The new business strategy is clearer and more focused. Income from non-pediatric core operations, such as golden physiology, female health, adult endocrine, leather medicine, etc., accounts for nearly 10% of the total income of the gold physiotherapist industry.
The dose of herpe vaccine continues. 100-gram organisms earn 270 million yuan (+50.6%), net profit from the mother ' s return is 61 million yuan (+239%), and the amount of herpe vaccine has increased faster at the same end. According to the company ' s latest records of investor relations activities, herpe vaccine has been completed in 30 provinces, autonomous regions and municipalities.
By the end of 2023, the company had effectively covered nearly one third of the country (+3.84 pp), mainly with a higher Māori and higher sales ratio for herpe vaccine. The marketing cost of the Chinese medicine business remained largely stable, and the plots were growing faster.
Millions of yuan (+232%), resulting in a net profit of $0.06 billion (+500%) from the mother. Operations are generally stable. Under company conditions, the profits that the company distributes annually in cash are no less than 40% of the distributed profits realized that year.
The initiative is conducive to positive returns for investors, leading investors to develop ideas for long-term and rational investment, and creating mechanisms for sustained, stable, and scientific returns for investors.
2. Long Spring High New (000661), fast-paced herpe vaccine (000661), growth hormone recovery.
Vaccination periods for herpes with herpes (2023-08-24) have not been, nor will they be, directly or indirectly, subject to any form of compensation as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.