American group (000333) household appliances flexible giants to respond to changes in the Southwest Securities Research and Development Center.
• Recommended logic: As a white household power giant, the company has been making positive changes, starting from the path of corporate change and discussing the company's course of change and its effectiveness. 1) Increased brand power and robust income performance: the company has a full range of products in the field of home appliances, and the market share of major products has been at the forefront of the market for many years.
Corporate revenue performance has grown robustly and has grown into the largest home-based electricity enterprise in the country; (2) governance structure has improved, t+3 has increased operational efficiency: companies have fully decentralized the system of the Ministry of Enterprise and have fully advanced the transformation of the t+3 canals in order to fast-track their production efficiency and significantly reduce the cost of channel funds. (3) Intra-market sales are empty.
We still have 30 to 40 per cent of the growth space in the air-conditioning industry, despite the new high sales in the cold air conditioners of 17 to 18 years: nearly 10 years after the “home and village” policy. Ice washes or is about to update the cycle. As the Internet and the home and electricity industry become more integrated, the small household power industry will embrace them.
The companies have been actively expanding their overseas markets: from oems to overseas plants, they have been buying high-quality assets abroad in recent years. 5) The acquisition of the cards has led to a greater diversification of the company’s operations.
The company’s operating income and net profits have risen rapidly, and the product category has moved from a single to a multi-dollar level: average product prices have continued to rise, with major commodity markets steadily rising to the top three. During the first three quarters of 2019, the company achieved income of $221.77 billion, yoy + 6.9%, net return to the mother of $21.32 billion, yoy + 19.1%.
• The Ministry of Enterprise system is fully decentralized, and t+3 channels are being changed and made more efficient. Since 1997, the company has established the Enterprise system, which is aligned with the company’s multi-purpose business model and enhances the horizontal power of branding.
The t+3 model shifts from traditional reserve-type production to order-type production for customers, to allow for faster turnover. This initiative allows for timely follow-up of market changes, dynamic adjustment of production strategies, reduction of stock storage costs, reduction of financial pressure, and expansion of new growth space.
Three-step expansion of overseas markets, acquisition of the Kuka Technology Group. Companies operate through oems, and 1. The American Group (000333), which strengthens the Matthews effect, buys local brands or direct investments, and expands overseas markets. In 2017, the company successfully acquired the German Kuka Collection.
In 18 years, the robotics industry will receive 9.8% of all robotics, and the three-year net return profits will maintain a combined growth rate of 15.3%. Given good corporate governance, brand image, 3.
Well, the path to development is clear, maintaining the “buy-in” rating. 1 Company profile: the big house and power have been dynamically changing, with significant results. As the white house and power giant, the American group has been actively changing since its inception in 1968.
Technological innovation, mergers, and acquisitions, and the expansion of business lines have led to a diversification of companies, followed by a restructuring of the stock system, a reform of the Ministry of Industry, and the establishment of a modern enterprise system. In view of the evolution of beauty, change is a constant theme, and every change will bring the company to a new level.
1.1 A rapid increase in net profits and expansion of the product category began in 2011 with the United States group focusing on strategic transformation, moving from a development approach based on demographic dividends, position advantages, cost advantages to one based on product leadership, efficiency-driven, global operations as the three main axes of corporate direction.
The results of the transition are clear, and the improvement in business efficiency is ultimately reflected in business performance. Corporate income and net profits have generally been rising rapidly since 2012, even in the harsher environment of external markets in 2015.
The decline of 2.1 per cent resulted in a 21 per cent increase in the net return to the mother, which was well above the industry average. 13 per cent; the return to the mother was RMB 20.23 billion, or 17.2 per cent more than the previous quarter of 2019, when the company achieved gross operating income of RMB 22,177 million, or 6.9 per cent more than the previous quarter; the return to the mother was RMB 21.32 billion, or 19.1 per cent more than the previous quarter.
Horizontally, America’s income is at the top of the white power industry, with a rapid increase in net return profits, with a compound increase of 14% over five years, and a compound increase of more than comparable companies, with significant reform results. As the strategic shift deepens, firms’ efficiency in manufacturing and resource efficiency improves, relying on strong enforcement to control their instincts.
In terms of costs, the cost of group sales in the United States has remained stable for many years because of its marketing system and the efficiency of its delivery. In 2019, the company’s aggressive marketing strategy led to an increase in sales costs, but its profitability was not affected.
Starting in 1980, the United States has been expanding its business through mergers and acquisitions, moving from one product to another, gradually growing into a consumable consumer, heating air conditioning, robotics and automated systems, smart supply chains, and now has more than a dozen brands, including three core brands, Colmo, Beauty, Juarez, and three specialized products.
Biffley, Toshiba, Swan, Internet brands Bugu, and clivet, eureka, and joint brand aeg, have built a complete brand matrix that covers almost all domestic consumers. Figure 7: The business of the United States has moved from a single to a diversified group.
The 2018 newspaper shows that the company's heating and air conditioning account for 41.8 per cent of the total revenue, consumption, and, with the expansion of the business sector, the product categories of the company are becoming richer, in two ways: on the one hand, the product is never available, and on the other hand, the company produces many new products every year to meet the growing demand of consumers.
The company has been improving its product function and quality in response to the shortcomings that have been revealed in the past. 1.2 The market share of products has risen rapidly, the average price of products has risen, and the value of branding has become more evident as the consumer pursues a higher quality of products as the per capita income of the country ' s population rises.
The size advantages of R & D and manufacturing have led to the growing competitiveness of leading enterprises, whereby firms position the dominant consumer consumption level, with a growing market share becoming a “national brand.” Air-conditioning, because of its multi-house nature, has grown into the largest household electrical category in the domestic market, and the US-air-conditioning market is rapidly rising.
As for retail average prices, the average price of air conditioners in 2018 was $4067, and the average price of retail air conditioners fell to $3712 in September 2019 as a result of increased sales. Overall, the average price of air conditioners in the United States increased significantly.
In the refrigerator market, 11 per cent of the market share of the United States under the refrigerator line rose by 0.3 pp from the same year to the third; by 2018, the average price of the United States refrigerator had risen from $1919 to $3899, a composite growth rate of 6.7 per cent, compared with an average growth rate of 4.5 per cent in the same period.
In the case of washing machines, the market for sales on the domestic line of washing machines in the United States in 2018 was 26%, 31%, higher by 1.4 pp, 2 pp, after Haile, and second in the market. In terms of retail average prices, both the United States washing machines and the small swans were priced at higher prices.
In the market segment of the washing machine industry in 2018, the United States-backed professional washing machine branded swans, whether on or below the line, remained in the top three positions, ranking as a whole after Haile. Small household electricity has always been a beauty advantage, and beautiful rice, electricity, magnetic stoves, etc. have always been strong.
In terms of average prices, the average price is around $230 and $555 below the line for the United States rice line. The number of machines listed for the United States rice basket is at the top of the list. In 2018, the number of machines listed under the United States rice line was 42.
Forty-five on the market, far above 22 below and 30 on the line in Sophore. In 2018, the first three aces were almost entirely owned by the United States.
Beautiful wfs5017tm retail share: 3.5%; beautiful wfs4037
According to the National Statistical Office, air conditioners began to become durable consumer goods for our residents in the early 1990s.
In the twenty-first century, following the stimulus of home-based decomposition policies, urban and rural residents began to increase their air-conditioning holdings. We divided air-conditioning sales into two parts: new demand (higher retention) and new demand (new replacements). According to our previous report, we verified the age of air-conditioning in 8-10 years.
The high rate of growth in air-conditioning sales can be expected to lead to a high-speed release of the demand for air-conditioning upgrades in the next few years, and even if the additional demand for air-conditioning is short-term to the downside of the real estate market, the replacement of the demand for air-conditioning will guarantee a steady increase in the volume of air-conditioning sales. In the mid-1970’s, Japan’s rate of urbanization was close to 80%.
In contrast to China, by the end of 2018, households held 1.4, equivalent to around 1990 levels in Japan; in rural areas, households now hold less than half, which is equivalent to Japan’s late 1970’s water, and according to our previous report, we used a logistic population-depressed growth model to simulate space for air conditioning growth.
By 2030, according to our calculations, our country will need around 130-140 million units in air-conditioning. Even if we calculate the amount sold in 17-18 years for 100 million units, there will still be 30-40% of industry growth.
According to our previous report, the correlation between real estate sales data and air-conditioning sales data is less relevant. According to the latest policy, in December 2018, the DRC relaxed its policy on home ownership, such as corporate debt issuance, and there were policy signals that the impact of property fluctuations on the industry was not overly worrying.
We expect real estate to return to a moderate upward path. 2.2 Renewing demand becomes the main force, with oligopolistic patterns stabilized. 86.3 washing machines and refrigerators in rural areas of the country, 96.7 in urban areas, and laundry in urban areas, respectively.
There are 95.8 machines per 100 households and 98 refrigerators per 100 households, respectively. Ten years from the “home and village” policy, a new cycle has come to promote industrial warming, and rising consumption will be the main force for growth.
The new cycle is characterized by a greater consumer preference for high-quality, well-spoken brands when purchasing such appliances. Thus, we have a high concentration of electricity, creating a clear oligopolistic pattern. In the market for washing machines, foreign brands such as Hue Yao have gradually faded out of the Chinese market, small swans have stepped up to catch up, and the market for washing machines in the United States has increased.
Figure 36: Share of refrigerators in the 2008-2019feb market (retail volume) 2.3 Motivated internal and external, small electricity markets are vast, as incomes of the population rise and consumption rise, small electricity markets expand in size and type of goods, consumer demand and investment demand
In the first quarter of 2019, the volume of small household retail electricity increased by 4.3 billion yuan, compared to 15.6 per cent; the value of kitchen retail water was 4.2 billion yuan, compared to 11.4 per cent; the amount of environmental household retail was 7.4 billion, compared to 4.9 per cent; and the amount of personal nursing retail was $3 billion, corresponding to an increase of 4.9 per cent.
Compared to Japan’s small household electricity holdings: China’s small household power holdings are low, and there is much room for penetration. At the same time, there is a growing multiplicity of incentives for small household electricity growth, and we look forward to the future development of the small household power sector, for one reason:
The electricity sector has continued to benefit from higher levels of income and consumption capacity; (2) became a major consumer force after 80 and 90 years, thus strengthening the market base for the upgrading of small household electricity to higher ends, intelligence, high-priced upgrading: 3) 3 4-line and rural market consumption potential is high: 4) domestic power-market construction and domestic power supply have continued to sink and market consumption potential has gradually been released; (5) the “her economy” has come to an era where beauty is created.
Small household appliances, the "Blue Sea Market," are built on and on, and we believe that the time is ripe for small household electricity to grow. From a product-life-cycle perspective, small household electricity is now performing well in the market, and will continue to grow.
4.5 times the speed of sales, which is five times the price of an electric cooker, and continues to increase in average prices and market size by upscaling prices. 2) Rapid expansion of long-term products and demand surges into the market. Razor blades, electric blowers, and vacuum cleaners are growing in the middle of growth. Markets will be released rapidly. According to China's electricity grid, razors, electric blowers, vacuum cleaners will grow at an average annual compound rate of growth over the next two years.
Air purifiers, water purification equipment, dishwashers are expected to sink into hard demand. According to the NCP, air purifiers, water purification equipment, dishwashers increased by 45 per cent, 14 per cent, and 84 per cent in 2017; at the same time, all three types of products continued to increase in prices and consumption tended to become “highly priced” in terms of volume and price.
China’s beauty needs are among the highest in Asia, and with the combined impetus of “women’s economy,” “face-value economy,” and a shift in the way beauty consumes, it is expected that the beauty-dressing small household power will enter the spring of growth.
The corporate governance structure is improving, efficiency is improving, and 3.1 establishes a product industry system with full decentralization. As the size of the company grows, economies of scale are released and economies of scale begin to emerge, enterprises continue to grow.
In 1997, the company began to operate a business system which, according to the product category, was first divided into five major departments: air conditioning, electricity, cooking, small household power, fans, and electric power. The company was fully decentralized, and the various ministries were independent, each of them performing product marketing activities according to the characteristics of the product category. The system of the ministry was aligned with the company’s multi-product business model, increasing horizontal tension on brand names.
At the same time, the business sector system is more effective in controlling the specifics of each product category, and a relatively independent accounting system is better able to develop concrete and effective incentives to boost staff motivation. Parallel to the business sector system, companies build platforms to integrate finance, supply chains, logistics, power suppliers, after-sales, etc.
The platform’s system of efficiency and cost-savings has been effective, the scale effects have been demonstrated, and the links between the various categories have been strengthened, branding has been harmonized, and the company has been able to take control of the various ministries from the macro level. From the time it was established, the beauty has been optimizing the organizational structure.