In 2024, the company achieved operating income of $4.487 billion.
While the year 2024 saw a steady increase, mainly as a result of a year-on-year increase in radio frequency (RF) module collection, significant depreciation of the kernel line, strong competition in the market and short-term consumption of electronic demand for consumer electronics have led to pressure on Māori rates and net return profits. On the payroll, in 2024, the company RFM camp collected $1,887 million, an increase of 18.58% over the same period.
The progressive release of high-end modules is expected to enhance the competitiveness of the company’s market and sustain the company’s growth. In terms of the net return rate and the Māori rate, the net return ratio of 2024q4 to Māori has been reversed by the same ratio of net profit to ring, while the annual rate of Māori of the 2024 radio frequency module has been 36.27% (youy – from the unanticipated recovery in consumer electronic demand and high competition in market prices for some products, on the one hand, and the firm’s core product, on the other).
Looking ahead, the landing of the state-supplementary policy in 2025 will add up to or pull future replacement needs, while the high-end module will increase its output capacity and the scale effect will be highlighted, and the future Māori focus on the max-saw's 6-inch line will achieve the target of 10,000 films per month in phase I and planning for phase two will increase to 16,000 cards per month.
The 12-inch production line, combined with the ipd, switch and lna process, has a volume capacity, with critical process capacity climbing to 5,000 metres/month; the first generation of l-Pamid has entered the production phase and the second generation has completed technological upgrades. In 2024, the company ' s 6-inch filter production rate has steadily increased, with split devices such as double/four and single chip multi-frequency filters.
1. Cheuk Seung-wee (30072); l-patid iterative completed, depreciation delayed for a long time to a good size yield capability, with the successful import of products such as difem, l-difem, gps modules integrated into home-grown saw filters
Multi-brand clients have been able to keep up with a 6-inch max-saw I-Pamid as the industry's first national supply. 2. Dressum (300.782): a steady chain of core production, bead-type products, first-generation products are in the production phase, second-generation products are technically upgraded and will continue in the future.
Uphill, l-Pamid has replaced and continuously enriched the product model through some brand clients, now achieving the target of 10,000 cards/month in the first phase of the 6-inch production line, second production planning validation - company summary report
Increase to 16,000 metres per month. 12 inches of the iipd platform is officially entering the scale production phase, companies i-pamif, ifem, etc. 3. Ten years of sword grinding achievements. Model products are fully self-produced ipd filters, 12 inches of switch and lna first-generation process production lines are in the production scale.
Radio frequency taps, autonomously controlled build-up of a powerful inner core segment, integrated into the corresponding module, covering multiple brand clients and most of the Odm clients, and the launch of the second generation of process is progressing well. By the end of 2024, the company’s 12-inch crystalline production line’s critical process capacity was gradually upgraded and is now achievable.
The total amount of funds raised does not exceed $3.5 billion and is to be used for a chip, the Radio Frequency Chip Manufacturing Expansion Project, to expand the production capacity of high-end radio frequency chips, with a total investment of $4.182 billion over a four-year construction period. With 30 new patents, new applications are mainly focused on RF filter products.
In addition to research and development related to 6 or 12 inches of production lines, companies are actively involved in “wifi connection module R & D” and “short-range communication perception chip research and development projects”, where products meet wifi7 connectivity standards have been produced on a large scale, while the low-power bluetooth series has continued to overlap and superband uwb has entered the R & D testing phase. At the same time, companies have proactively planned the front end of radio frequency.
By the end of 2024, the company had adopted advanced containment techniques for some of its products and obtained client certification. With the gradual release of high-end module products and the strength of the production line, performance is expected to improve.
No direct or indirect relationship exists between the specific proposals or views expressed in the present report and the analysis and judgement of the individual researchers at the time the present report was produced, and does not represent the position of East Sea Securities Co. Ltd. or any of its affiliates or affiliates.
If the law allows, the company’s associates may hold and trade securities issued by the companies covered in the report and may be offering or seeking to present them.