The first single-season loss since Chewie (30,782ch) (a loss of $24 million). On the one hand, the depreciation pressure increased further after the core line was re-established, with a single-season rate of 36.4% being slightly lower than we expected. On the other hand, it was used for light masks.
Research and development costs such as (mask) are still high. Foresight 1h25, management anticipates that the flow of the kernel line will continue to push the depreciation pressure, but the depreciation will increase or narrow over the same period, while the first two quarters of the luminous research and development will continue to lose. The Māori rate will increase with the crop rate of the kernel line after 2h25.
Management is concerned with long-term income-end growth opportunities. Management refers to opportunities for low-capacity, short-distance communications such as wearable, mechanical, etc. from generation ai, and highlights market opportunities for independent Fem products after the wifi-7 standard is online (formerly the wifi-6 integrated soc model). Management refers to further penetration.
The pace of the major South Korean customers is being held back by the patents of their competitors, Murata, and the company has passed the law to invalidate a system of patented rights and interests. We believe that companies develop short-range communications and local area network products, or attempt to diversify the product matrix on the basis of mobile network products.
The diversity of products or the maintenance of high crop rates when the company cores are online, but we have no visibility for short-range communications and unit prices for local area network products. We think investors may want to focus on e-patid-based products, especially the competitiveness of mobile network markets.
In our view, the company's self-built core-line-specific technology platform is an essential route to the domestication of the products at the front end of the radio frequency, but the costs and research and development costs of the chip are higher than we expected. At the same time, the company is subject to a mild rise in demand at the front end of the overall radio frequency.
Wang David, phd, cfa went overseas to compete with the competition. So we moved our ratings from buying down to the middle.
Chewie-san (300.782), Chewie-san (300.782), Chewie-san (300.782).
Cheuk Seung-woo (300,782ch)