The performance continues to be beautiful, the growth hormones continue to grow at a high rate.
The company published a quarterly report in 2019. 19q1 generated $1.775 billion, an increase of 72.07 per cent in the same year: net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies of $365 million, an increase of 73.67 per cent in the same year: for financial indicators, sales costs of $620 million, an increase of 45.77 per cent in the same year; and management fees.
(i) Maintenance of high growth in growth hormone-led pharmaceutical operations, further improvement in performance in the closing of production operations
The high rate of growth of the pharmaceutical business, the 19q1 company, achieved a net operating income of $1,775 million, or $358 million, compared with +96.93 per cent. The company ' s performance increased significantly during the reporting period, mainly due to two factors: (1) the continuation of a high growth trend in the growth hormone-led pharmaceutical business during the reporting period.
In the case of vaccines: 24.27 million vials were issued in 19q1 cases, a 75.5 per cent decrease in the same year; 51.36 million vials were issued in the case of rabies, a 63.1 per cent decrease in the same year. Cost control was good. At the cost end, the cost of selling 19q1 was 34.95 per cent.
1.2019-03-06 Long Spring High New Year ' s Report tracks: The decline in the time-cost rate of growth hormones to maintain the eruption is related to seasonal fluctuations in the settlement of real estate operations.
(ii) Continue to watch the growth hormones keep growing fast, the company has the full advantage of the domestic growth hormone market, and we see the future of the company keep growing fast.
We look forward to a high growth rate in corporate growth hormone operations: (1) low domestic growth hormone penetration and huge market space. We have about 7 million children with short-term disorders in the treatment window, with over 2.8 million children suffering from lack of growth hormones, assuming the size of the national market in 2018.
Four and a half billion yuan, even taking into account the difference in consumption capacity between rural and urban areas, the ghd treatment rate is only about 10%. If only ghd adaptation is considered and long-acting types are not considered, it is assumed that the future urban and rural penetration rates will be 20%, 10%, and the ratio of water needles and needles used will be 4:6 and 1:9, respectively, and conservatively estimated that the market for growth hormone therapy ghd will be more than 11 billion yuan.
(2) Long-acting agents have completed iv-stage clinical research and are expected to contribute continuously to elasticity and to further consolidate corporate growth hormone dominance. Long-acting growth hormones have completed iv-stage clinical research during the reporting period, which will provide a solid basis for follow-up academic outreach and advance to the Euro-American market, with the prospect of sustained elasticity.
(3) The sales team has been expanding continuously, and the distribution channels have continued to sink and expand market coverage. By the end of 18 years, the Division’s sales team, comprising approximately 1,400 people, will continue to expand its sales team and continue to expand market coverage, thereby increasing the number of hospital and prescription doctors covered and the number of new patients admitted to the group.
Even with competition considerations, Anko’s water needles are expected to be approved as fast as possible in the first half of the 19th century, and Nord and Nord needles have been marketed, both of which face the issue of bidding and the presence of products from doctors.
(5) Growth hormones are mostly prescribed outside the hospital and are not subject to the drug-based ratio.
(vi) The high-level management of the market for children increases. Parents pay more attention to the height of children, and the high-level management of the market continues to look at the prospects for vaccine development.
The rabies vaccine is expected to contribute to an increase in performance. The rabies vaccine process has been modified and expanded significantly during the 18-month period, taking into account the impact of the previous vaccine events, and is expected to accelerate the recovery of the Elevity Market and contribute to the elasticity of performance.
The company’s vaccine has been registered in India, Nigeria, and is about to be registered in Indonesia. Registration is also under way in Guatemala, Bangladesh, Turkey, and Thailand.
(3) The Nose Influenza vaccine was declared and included in the priority review in June 1818, and if successfully placed on the market, it will fill the nose in (4) Frozen Dry Powder development and is in the process of recruitment.
(v) Investments in Zeus organisms, with a 20-priced combination of pneumonia vaccine expected to enter the clinical process in 19 years; (6) purchase of human-source anti-rabies unit resistance technology, which, if successfully placed on the market, will create synergies with the company’s already available rabies vaccine. The company’s performance in the quarterly report is excellent, mainly due to the high growth of growth hormone-led medicine operations; and
Real estate business settlements. We keep looking at corporate growth prospects. The company is home-grown in biopharmaceuticals, and we believe that growth in long hormones will continue to grow at a high rate: as consumption rises and people focus on height management, growth hormone markets will grow in the future, and there will be plenty of room for growth. In growth hormones, the company has the best product line, the strongest end-control, and the opening up of new adaptive conditions.
The quickest, technologically advanced, and positive layout of the new technologies for the delivery of medicines, among other things, are the full advantages. By agent type, the needles help to entrench the competitive advantage; the development of new water needle adaptive disorders is fast-tracked and is expected to be consistently released; the long-acting agent type is the exclusive type, iv. The clinical completion and distribution channels will significantly increase their performance. Reassembled ovarian hormones will fill the national production gap and supplement the adaptive disorder.
The vaccine business is about to begin a new phase: the vaccine is opening up the international market, and the rabies will benefit from process modification and agent upgrading. The Chinese medicine industry is expected to grow steadily. The company’s long-acting growth hormones market is not as popular as expected, the human ovulation hormones market is not expanding as expected, and the vaccine is safe.
Risks and policy risks, research and development of new medicines have fallen short of expectations.