The medical health research centre continues to record a high increase in the quarterly cash flow, the company publishes a quarterly report, and the company achieves a revenue of $1,775 million a quarter, a 72 per cent increase over the same period; it achieves a return.
The net profit of the mother was 365 million yuan, an increase of 74 per cent over the same period; the non-net profit of the parent deduction was 358 million yuan, an increase of 97 per cent over the same period. Performance was slightly higher than expected.
The top biopharmaceutical business grew at a high rate (44.16 per cent in the income of pharmaceutical enterprises and 62.15 per cent in net profits), on the one hand, and also due to the same increase in the clearing income of real estate operations, on the other hand, the company ' s revenue of q1 increased by 72 per cent by 1,775 million as a result of the rapid growth in income and the rise in the share of real estate;
Industry costs increased by 194 per cent over the same period and sales costs increased by 46 per cent over the same period; R & D Core Values - The New Company Review of Changchun, which paid $324 million, representing an increase of 74 per cent over the previous period, mainly due to the temporary settlement of subordinate real estate companies
3. Biomedical Business for Sustained High Growth - Long Spring Cash received by companies for the sale of goods and the provision of services, which matched well with income growth of 49 per cent in the same year; Net cash flows from corporate operations, which increased by 398 per cent in the same year, improved by 618 million yuan in cash flows
4. " The cost of extraordinary income growth is smooth - high in the long run due to the increase in prepaid demolition payments made by real estate companies during the same period the previous year, affecting net operating cash " 5. "The high growth in medicine and real estate revenue is recognized as having outperformed. "
The company’s growth hormone business continues to grow rapidly, and we believe that the firm’s industry is strong, that the overall penetration rate of growth hormones, which lacks treatment for the population, is still low, and that there is much room for future growth. The company’s successful integration of 30% of its stock in the Golden Race Pharmaceuticals industry will not only increase significantly.
Seps will also provide a good incentive for the core executives of the Golden Race Pharmaceuticals industry, and will further enhance the certainty of future revenue growth in the Golden Race Pharmaceuticals industry. Without taking into account the impact of asset restructuring on corporate performance, we anticipate growth prospects for growth hormones.
Increased competition for competitive agent abundance; rising costs for the sale of growth hormones; and overall regulation of the vaccine industry yuan_wei@gjzq.com.cn
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment