Quarterly Report Review of the Associated Securities Corporation: Real estate settlements helped to boost performance, waiting for the gold race acquisition program to land, company announcement 2019q1 quarterly report, yielding 1.775 billion yuan over the period, resulting in net profit to the mother of 365 million yuan, respectively
This represents an increase of 72.1 per cent and 73.6 per cent; net profit from non-repatriation of $358 million, or 96.9 per cent over the same period, of which pharmaceutical companies contributed to higher performance and continued steady and high growth of pharmaceutical enterprises 72.1 per cent and 73.6 per cent, respectively, of corporate income and net repatriation profits, which increased significantly.
During the same period last year, this was partly due to the fact that 18q1 property had not yet reached the settlement date, while this year q1 property began to be settled and contributed to the acceleration of performance; in addition, the company’s pharmaceutical companies (Kingsai, Hunk, Huakang, etc.) maintained a high growth rate of 44.2 per cent, with the same growth rate as Changchun (000661)
About 4 percentage points higher than last year's increase (40.5 per cent for the 2018q1 battalion), but the net profit rate increased by 62.2 per cent, and the hormone over-expected growth, driven by multiple factors, was higher than last year's increase in the same period, when the net profit from the entire gold industry in 2018 was about 83 per cent of the company's pharmaceutical industry.
High Growth of Vaccinations: 2018-08-23 Q19q1 hydroxone vaccine and rabies vaccine (Vero) were issued for approximately 514,000 doses and 243,000 doses, respectively, as compared to last year's (60867), with lower performance but lower performance.
There's a significant decline, the monthly quarterly issuance of vaccines is volatile, the individual monthly quarterly data does not represent the year-round trend, the year-round projection is complete, and the gactids have the opportunity to separate the remaining market space for permanent exits of pox and saplings, and the focus is on the nose-sniffing dry flow of products.
No big questions. 2018-10-22. The DTI vaccine has been declared and is awaiting approval, and continues to watch the company grow its vaccine business throughout the year 2019.
The Xinjiang Pharmacy industry's performance continues to be released, and the Xinxi acquisition program is on the ground. New: High performance is on the rise, gold is on the way, surplus shares in the Xinjiang are on the way.
It is assumed that 2019q1 will continue at a high rate of about 65%. The company publishes its annual report together with a restructuring plan, plans to issue shares and/or direct debt swaps to acquire 30% of the minority shareholders in the Golden Race Pharmaceuticals industry, and raises matching funds: 30% of the minority shareholders in the Golden Race Medicines industry are held by the central soul figure, the Golden Sea and the Forest Temple Sea, and the two shareholders are able to transfer their shares by issuing shares.
At the same time, on the basis of a net profit of $1 billion, assuming a factor of 15, 30 per cent of the stake is valued at around $5 billion, and based on the pricing of the price increase, assuming full share payment conditions, it is estimated that about 14.4 per cent of each share is increased if selected.
We are waiting for the details of the gold race acquisition program to come to light. The forecast of profits and investment ratings for new products are below expectations; the bidding for medicines is lower than expected; and the industry risks of the 2013 Changsha incident are higher.
The Academy sales team, Cho's Voice, Seo Jia-Lin.
The author has the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes without any third party.