The company plans to purchase 29.50% of its holdings in the Golden Race Pharmaceuticals industry by issuing shares and convertable bonds. At the same time, the company intends to raise matching funds in the form of private shares from no more than ten eligible selected investors.
One billion yuan, for a total of up to 100% of the price of this transaction to purchase assets in the form of shares and convertible bonds, the amount of the issue and the price to be determined in accordance with the relevant provisions of the CSRC.
In March, the company published an annual report together with a reorganization plan that identified the acquisition of a minority of the gold-spill pharmaceutical industry, a core-owned subsidiary.
High (60867): Decline in performance further determined the overall valuation of the Golden Race Pharmaceuticals industry at $19.108 billion.
In the case of price payment, 92.02 per cent of the value of the transaction is paid by issuing shares, or approximately $5,187 million; 798 per cent of the value of the transaction is paid by issuing transferable swaps, or $450 million; to date, key programme information has been disclosed, and the annual report of the securities firm, Changchun Gao, has been evaluated
The result of the restructuring is even clearer. The sharp swing in corporate stock prices last year was largely driven by the desire of the core soul figure to transfer gold abroad.
The remaining shareholdings in the race to remove development risks are more deeply tied, coherent, free of market doubts and free of future development risks.
At the same time, the gold industry is the main source of profit, and the gold industry, the forest temple, committed to the gold industry in 2019-2021, will have a high net profit of at least 1,558.1 million yuan, 1,948.2 million yuan, and 2,3203 million yuan, respectively.
New: Real estate settlement facilitates faster performance, increases profits per share of the company, assumes, based on price increases, that for the time being, follow-up fund-raising and transferable debt collection will not be considered.
The growth hormone market ceiling is still far away, and the vaccine industry has the national growth hormone best product line, combining powders, water needles, short-effects, long-acting types and products, receiving about RMB 3.200 billion in 2018 and a net profit of RMB 1.13 billion, an increase of 53.4 per cent and 65.1 per cent, respectively.
The plate is far from home, and according to the science chapter of the Chinese Medical Day, the incidence of dwarf diseases among children is about 3 per cent in the country, with about 10,000 children in the country receiving treatment based on the cost of the current powder year, with a low penetration rate of 5 per cent. As society and parents become aware of and deepen their knowledge of growth hormones, growth hormones will have a greater potential for development in the future.
The Division's vaccine industry, dominated by 100 grams of organisms (with 46.15 per cent of shares), last year generated $1.03 billion, an increase of 40.3 per cent; realized a net profit of $200 million, an increase of 63.0 per cent, giving 100 grams of organisms the opportunity to separate their lifetimes from the remaining market space for poxs and mammoths, and continued to look forward to the growth of vaccine operations throughout 2019.
Profit forecasts and investment ratings The gold races have been restructured at a slower pace than expected; increased competition in the growth hormone industry; and industry risks from the 2013 Changsha incident.
Xu Jialine, the author of the Institute's sales team, has a qualification in securities investment consulting or considerable professional competence from the Chinese Securities Association to ensure that the data used in the report are from compliance channels.
The analytical logic is based on the author ' s professional understanding, and the report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.