• Events: company reports for the first quarter of 2019: revenues of $1,775 million were realized, an increase of 72.07 per cent over the previous year:
Realization of net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies of $365 million, an increase of 73.67 per cent over the same period; realization of net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies of $358 million net of non-recurring gains and losses, an increase of 96.93 per cent over the same period, which is more than expected.
▪ The company ' s long-term market education for consumption escalation drives the growth hormone fast, pulls the company ' s pharmaceuticals fast: 201901, the company ' s pharmaceutical plate grew at a rate of 44.16 per cent, and the net profit increases, and we believe that the rapid growth of the company ' s pharmaceutical plate is largely due to the rapid release of growth hormones.
▪ Real estate block settlements have increased corporate performance and contributed to higher than expected performance: 2018q1, the company's real estate block has not been settled and its contribution to the company's net profits and income has been zero.201901, considering the impact of the company's pharmaceutical plate income and net profits on the company's non-recurring earnings,
We measure the income and net profits of the real estate plate at $287 million and about $63 million, respectively. Real estate block settlements have significantly increased the company’s performance, pushing the company’s performance faster than expected.
Tens of thousands, down from 1.39 million in the first quarter of 2018. We believe that the supply of chicken pox vaccine is evident through grass-roots research, due to the slow pace of issuance. With the next batch of pox vaccine being issued, the water will be sold. Consider the terminal market for "one needle for two."
1. " Long Spring High New (000661) " : a season of rapid growth, growth hormone market vacancies, leading companies as vaccines for chicken pox (city rate in 2018)
Profit forecast and investment rating: without taking into account the 30% share in the Golden Race drug industry, we're on top of the 30% balance sheet.
The company's future profits, driven by factors such as the company's availability, can sustain high growth and continue to contribute to the company's profits; 100 grams of organisms are entering the period of high growth.
After the vaccine incident, domestic sales were gradually restored, and after the completion of the restructuring of the Quasi Bioproduction Process, it was hoped that we would make a profit out of the loss. We therefore maintained the “buy-in” rating.
Quarterly reports issued by companies in 2019: 1.775 billion yuan in revenue, an increase of 72.07 per cent in the same year; 365 million yuan in net profits attributable to shareholders of listed companies, an increase of 73.67 per cent in the same year; and 358 million yuan in net profits attributable to shareholders of listed companies, an increase of 96.93 per cent in the same year, an increase exceeding expectations.
Our point: Core product growth hormones continue to grow fast, real estate block settlements add up to performance growth, consumer upscaling and company long-term market education drives growth hormones fast to boost company pharmaceuticals.
The company’s revenues and net profits are contributed by the pharmaceutical plate, which is measured to be 1,488 million yuan for the 2019q1 drug plate and $295 million for the net profit. We believe that the rapid growth of the company’s pharmaceutical plate is largely due to the rapid release of growth hormones. The reasons for the rapid growth of growth hormones are, in our view, mainly the demand side - the consumption uplifting belt.
Growth hormones have led to a significant increase in the number of new cases of paediatrics, which has contributed to the growth of the company’s performance. As a result of the policy of grade-based consultations, growth hormones have sunk into the grass-roots market, while the outflow of prescriptions has led to an increase in pharmacies’ sales; and 2) supply end-side-public authorities have increased their academic outreach, expanding marketing channels, and increasing the penetration of growth hormones.
2.2. Real estate block settlements increase corporate performance and drive the company ' s performance faster than expected 2018q1, with the company ' s real estate block unsettled and its contribution to the company ' s net profit and income being zero.2019q1, considering the impact of the company ' s pharmaceutical block income and net profits, we measure the non-recurring income of the property block.
The net profits are $287 million and about $63 million, respectively. Real estate block settlements have significantly increased the company’s performance and have driven the company’s performance faster than expected. 2.3. The vaccine plate’s performance has increased or will slow in the first quarter of the year from bulk issuances, and long-term growth remains positive.
By April 1st, 2019, the company had 510,000 batches of vaccinations for pox, down from 1.39 million in the first quarter of 2018. The market-wide batch of vaccines for pox was 5.02 million in the first quarter of 2018, compared to 2.26 million in 2019, with a slow pace of issuance, which we consider mainly to be the “vaccine event” trend.
Due to the slow pace of the issuance of the batches, we believe that the supply of the pox vaccine is evident through grass-roots research. With the subsequent issuance of the pox vaccine, the water is sold to the canal.
Business growth (which we calculate is expected to increase by more than 25 per cent), adding market vacancies brought about by the retirement of long-lived biological products, and companies as champions of water pox vaccines (36 per cent in 2018), which are still expected to grow rapidly throughout the year. 2.4 Real estate settlements have led to a decline in the Māori rate, an increase in the non-net profit rate and an increase in the overall operating effectiveness of the company.
The division’s real estate business settlement resulted in a lower rate of Maori in real estate operations, which contributed to a decline in corporate overall Māori rates. At the same time, net corporate interest rates fell from 30.41 per cent of 2018q1 to 2018q1, as a result of a decline in non-recurrent earnings, and we believe that the company’s main cause is a clear increase in corporate efficiency.
3. Profit forecasting and rating, driven by factors such as rising rates, can sustain high growth and continue to contribute to the company’s profits; 100-gram organisms are in “vaccination”
After that, domestic sales were gradually restored, and after the completion of the restructuring of the bioproducer process, it was hoped that the company would make a profit out of the loss. We therefore maintained the “buy-in” rating.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board