A sustained high growth in performance will increase the certainty of growth with the integration of the gold race Lulitien event: the company issued its first quarterly report in 2019, generating $1.775 billion in a quarter, an increase of 72.07 per cent;
The gold market continues to grow at a high rate, increasing firm growth certainty if equity acquisitions are completed. The gold industry, a core subsidiary of the company, is expected to grow by more than 60% during the quarter, largely benefiting from survival.
In addition, the company had previously announced plans to issue shares to the core manager of the Golden Race Pharmaceuticals industry and to transfer 30% of its holdings if it was able to integrate successfully all the shares of the Golden Race Pharmaceuticals industry.
The market's concerns about the instability of corporate governance have been alleviated, and the firm's growth certainty is expected to be higher than the revenue recognition of the real estate company in the first quarter, directly driving the high performance in the first quarter of 2018.
Quarterly real estate operations have not yet reached the settlement period, and the season has been largely uncontributed; performance has grown rapidly since the settlement last quarter, with a revenue contribution of $300 million projected for the quarter. Cost rates have declined over the period, and R & D pipelines have become richer.
The decline of 7.53 pct over the same period was mainly affected by the increase in income from low Maori real estate operations; this was followed by a decline in the cost of sales due to an increase in revenue from low sales costs of real estate operations, which fell by 6.31 pct to 34.95 per cent in the first quarter and by 3.45 pct to 11.05 per cent in administrative costs.
R & D costs of $115 million, or 6.48 per cent of operating income, companies maintain a high proportion of R & D inputs, long-acting growth hormones have completed iv clinical periods, subsidiaries have advanced successfully with multiple vaccines and mono-resistant R & D, and corporate R & D pipelines are gaining ground.
The rating system's “market index” refers to 300 indexes. I have a qualification or considerable professional competence in portfolio investment advice granted by the Chinese Securities Association, and I have been informed independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner.
This report is presented in the context of this report. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have not used them.