Five and a half billion dollars in equity, profitability, and research assistant Lee Ying-hee
The price of the target asset, the 29.50% trading in the gold market, is $5.637 billion. Listed companies intend to establish real control after the acquisition has been completed, and corporate management can grow in a smoother performance: this is the hand-off.
Before and after completion, the controlling shareholders in the listed companies were over-invested, the real controlling person was the State Finance Committee for the Long Springs, the controlling shareholders in the listed companies, and the actual controlling person remained the same. The ratio of power in the gold market was 23.5%, with a total value of $4.49 billion; and the share ratio in the gold market was to be transferred from the forest temple.
For example, 6%, at a total value of $1,147 million. After this reorganization, Mr. Kim and Mr. Lin Temple Sea are highly aligned with the interests of the company, and performance commitments are expected to be exceeded, thus contributing to the company's performance.
The performance of the pharmaceutical industry has continued to grow at a high rate. The net profits of the gold industry in 2016-2018, respectively, have grown at a rapid rate thanks mainly to the rapid release of growth hormones. As companies sink further and the sales force expands, we expect the sales of growth hormones to remain at 50%.
• Promulgate shares to acquire surplus shares in the Golden Race Pharmaceuticals industry, and the company ' s performance is expected to increase: in accordance with performance commitments, the Golden Race Medicines industry achieved net profits in 2019, 2020 and 2021, respectively, of no less than 1, " Long Springs and the New (000661), " Growth " :
Year by year, based on the performance commitments of the company, we predict that the listed company, the hormonal scalding plus the real estate block, settles and drives the company to grow at a high rate of performance.
▪ Profit predictions and investment ratings: without taking into account the gold-challenged pharmaceutical stockholdings, we expect to maintain rapid growth and growth hormones in performance.
The rapid growth, driven by the return of equity in the Golden Race pharmaceutical industry, can sustain high growth and continue to contribute to the company's profits; 100 grams of organisms have gradually returned to domestic sales after the “vaccine incident”, while the effacerous bioproduction process has been adjusted.
So we keep the “buy-in” rating. Looking for a substantial increase. 2019-03-07.
Prospectives for issuing shares and purchasing assets with convertable bonds were issued in Changchun: The plan proposed that the purchase of 29.50% of the gold-challenged pharmaceutical stock held by Changchun and Lin Temple Sea shares and convertable bonds be made. The price of the target asset, 29.50% of the gold-challenged drug trade, was $5.637 billion, and the purchase price was equivalent to the company's performance in 2018.
The sum of $798 million, or $450 million, is to be paid in the form of convertable bonds, all of which will be used to replenish liquidity.
2.1. There is no change in the actual control of the acquisition, and the management of the company has a longer period of growth in smoother performance. Before and after the completion of the transaction, the controlling shareholders of the listed company were all over-invested, the actual controlling person was the State Treasury of the Long Spring New Zone, the controlling shareholders of the listed company and the actual controlling person of the listed company remained unchanged, and the transaction would not result in the control of the listed company.
Since Mr. Kim's 281,280 shares in the Golden Race Pharmacy (0.39 per cent of the total stock of the Golden Race Pharmacy) were involved in potential disputes, in order to avoid the matter having an impact on the pace of the transaction, Mr. Kim's 0.5 per cent share in the Golden Race Pharmacy industry was not involved in the transaction, and 23.50 per cent of its share in the Golden Race Pharmacy was acquired.
According to the programme, 29.50 per cent of the trading value of the gold market was 56.37 billion yuan, of which 23.5 per cent was to be transferred to the gold market, for a total of 4.49 billion yuan; and 6 per cent was to be transferred to the gold market in the forest basin, for a total of 1,147 billion yuan.
With the completion of this reorganization, which has led to a more unified equity structure in the Golden Race Pharmaceuticals industry, we believe that with the completion of the reorganization, the efficiency of the administration of the Golden Race Medicines industry is expected to be further enhanced. This reorganization promised Mr. Kimjing and Mr. Lin Temple Sea a 12-month lock-up period for the current one.
The shares traded should be released in three instalments at 33%, 33%, and 34%. At the same time, Mr. Kim and Mr. Lin Temple promised, as performance pledge parties, a net profit share in 2019, 2020 and 2021 for the Golden Race Pharmaceuticals industry, and we believe that for the three years of the lockout period, Mr. Kim and Mr. Lin Templehai were highly aligned with the company’s interests and performed well.
In recent years, the performance of the Golden Race Medicines industry has been growing at a high rate. The net profits of the Golden Race Medicines industry have been growing at a very high rate.
The reasons for the rapid growth of growth hormones are, in our view, mainly: 1) demand side -- rising consumption leads to growth hormones, and the number of new paediatric cases increases dramatically, driving companies’ performance. As the policy of graded diagnostics drives growth hormones to sink into the grass-roots market, and the outflow of prescriptions leads to an increase in drug store sales.
Added; 2) Supply end – Companies expand their academic outreach, marketing multiple channels, and increase growth hormone profits. As companies sink further and the sales force expands, we expect growth hormone sales to yield 2.3. Shares are issued to buy surplus shares in the Golden Race pharmaceutical industry, and the company’s performance is expected to increase.
In accordance with performance commitments, the net profit achieved by the Golden Race Pharmaceuticals industry in 2019, 2020 and 2021, respectively, is no less than if the gold race drug industry ' s minority shares achieved a full year in 2019, and based on the performance commitments given by the company, we predict that without taking into account the gold race drug industry ' s shareholdings, we expect the company to become a parent in 2019-2021.
LCs are driven by factors that maintain high growth and continue to contribute to the company’s profits; 100 grams of organisms are gradually returning to domestic sales after the “vaccine event” and, after adjusting their bio-production processes, are expected to make a profit out of the losses and contribute to the company’s profits. So we maintain the “buy-in” rating.
Industry change risks, product promotion and sales are below expectations. Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, already has a securities investment advisory committee