Growth hormones, vaccine plates, companies entering high-tech-genetic drugs, heavy-pound product growth are determined: the company's full-time firm, the gold-track pharmaceutical industry is the largest genetic engineering pharmaceutical company in the country and the largest reorganizer in Asia.
The main products of the growth hormone production companies are growth hormones, reorganisation of human cell cell megaphages, irritation factors, reorganisation of human particle cell irritation factors, human ovarian ovary hormones, octopus, and trauprin. The company’s water pin growth hormones are the only national product in the country to be marketed.
The hormonal market is vast, the growth space is wide, the company's water and powder needles are expected to grow at a year-round rate to eliminate the effects of the Shandong vaccine incident, and 100 grams of organisms are growing rapidly: the company's water pox is deactivated, the city has the highest vaccine rate, at 29.23%. The company's exit from the Shandong vaccine incident in 2017 was not successful.
As of September 2018, the bulk issuance of the product was the same as the human rabies vaccine (vero cell) produced by the Simeon creature as another vaccine. The company’s market in 2016 was 2.11% and the bulk issuance was 1.37 million bottles, an increase of 511%.
In the first three quarters of 2018, the company increased its sales input, with rabies vaccine increasing by 204% on a year-on-year basis, with 2.89 million bottles issued. With the cancellation of the gmp certification at the long-lived biological rabies vaccine production workshop, we believe that the company's rabies vaccine is expected to take over the market and increase at an accelerated rate throughout the year.
The speed of growth is expected to be more than 200%, and the MacKind organisms are expected to achieve a balance of gains and losses this year. The Chinese medicine industry is rising steadily, bringing cash to the company: the Chinese medicine industry is one of the new subsidiaries, and according to pdb data, its main product is the ulcer.
The share of the product is about 94%. The company’s current product is growing steadily, growing in 2017.
Completion of case integration, verification and collection of case reports. Quick growth in the production of pulmonary pulmonary pulmonary tablets, maintenance of quarterly performance, drug boards, and good progress in breeding.
The block continues to maintain a high rate of growth. 2018-10-22. Ten centres were activated for clinical research during the  period. 2, Long Spring, Quixin (000661: net profit
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: we expect the net profits of the parent company from 2018 to 2020 to remain high and contribute to the company ' s profits, driven by factors such as the growth in the volume of the company ' s performance, which is driving the company ' s performance, rather than the gradual rise;
100-gram organisms gradually returned to domestic sales after the “vaccine incident”, while the McFull Bioproducer reported a year-round review of the rapid release of growth hormones, which is expected to make a profit out of the loss. We therefore maintain the “buy-in” for the company.
The company’s main business is genetic engineering medicine, vaccines, Chinese medicine, etc.
The company is also involved in real estate development, property management, and real estate rental.
Propaganda, Edwans medical technology, high real estate, Changchun, Changchun and the Washington Environment 1.1. Pharmaceutical products are growing steadily and their performance is growing steadily 1.1. Bioproducts contribute the most to the company's revenues
The company ' s main business was the pharmaceutical industry, with a total income of 84.20 per cent from a pharmaceutical block collection of $3.454 billion in 2017; of that amount, $2.801 billion was earned on genetic engineering drugs and vaccine-type products, representing 68.28 per cent of total income; and a steady growth in corporate performance and a steady increase in net interest rates on the Maori rate.
From 2007 to 2017, there was a steady increase in net profits from corporate collections and deductions of non-returned mothers. From 2013 to date, the net profits of the public sector have increased at a more consistent rate of annual growth and performance growth has stabilized. In 2017, companies achieved revenues of $4.102 billion, which is 41.58 per cent more than the corresponding increase; in the net profit from mothers, $662 million, which is 36.53 per cent more than the previous three quarters of 2018.
In addition to the rapid growth of the pharmaceutical plate, real-estate settlements are another major reason for rapid growth. Without real-estate consideration, the drug block business is growing at a rate of more than 45%.
From the 1998 heavy-pound products on the market to the 2015 market, we injected ovarian-promoting hormones in our country’s first batch, and in 17 years the company launched 10 new products. Through successive new products on the market, company revenue and net profits have continued to grow.
The company's Māori rate and net interest rate have remained stable since 2014, and there has been no excessive increase in the management cost rate. In 2017, the company's sales cost rate increased considerably, as well as the Māori rate, which we believe is mainly due to the “low-speed-up” of the two-vote system.
The gold chemistry-genetic engineering drug industry, with its heavy-pound product growth, has determined that the company’s fully-owned company, the gold chemistry industry, is the largest genetic engineering pharmaceutical company in the country and the largest recombinant human growth hormone production company in Asia. Its main products are growth hormones, and the restructuring of human cell cytocyte irritation factors, heavy.
The largest share of the company’s products is growth hormones, which account for about 80% of the total, followed by the restructuring of the human particles Cell irritation factors, which account for 5.83% of the total.
In 1998, the Golden Pharmacy was the country’s only new genetic engineering incubation base, and China’s first genetic engineering drug quality management demonstration centre. In 1998, the Golden Race Pharmaceuticals industry developed a technology for re-engineering the geno-genesis expression, and the first re-organizing the public production of human growth hormone powder needles, successfully filling the domestic void. The company developed robustly, with a steady increase in revenue and net profits.
The company achieved annual operating income of 2,084 million yuan, net profit of 686 million yuan, and profit-end growth of 38 per cent. 2.1. The first product has a large growth potential, with a high incidence of heavy-pound products driving the growth of the company.
Growth hormones can contribute to height growth, improved functioning of the heart, kidneys, etc., and growth of skin, internal organs, bones, muscles, glands, etc. Growth hormone deficiency can lead to a series of symptoms such as shortness, osteoporosis, muscular infertility, susceptibility to cardiovascular disease, sexual stunting, and aging.
Since its first application in 1958, growth hormones have gone through several stages: 1) extraction from human pituitary to base as a result of engineering to reduce the safety risks posed by the foreign aid virus; 2) reduction from second to third generation of antibodies due to first-level structural inconsistencies: 3) development of injection device technology to avoid micro-organisms and fineness during use
Contamination caused by bacteria, etc.: 4) The reduction of antibodies from powder to water agents that are inconsistent with the structure of natural space. cfda approved growth hormone adaptive disorders in three main types: childhood growth hormone deficiency, severe burns and hypothalamus, lack of growth hormones due to brain-tribe diseases.
There are 11 growth hormone adaptive disorders approved by fda. We believe that growth hormones have been in use in the United States for many years, that clinical data are sufficient, that the efficacy of our new application for adaptive disorders is well proven and that the market will expand further in the future.
The global growth hormone market has remained stable, with a global market size of about $2.8 billion in 2016. There has been no significant growth in the long hormone market in recent years, and we believe that the global market has been largely saturated.
At present, the prevalence rate of dwarfism among children is 3.3 per cent, and the best age group to be treated with growth hormones is 4-15 years. According to the national demographic survey, the population in this age group is about 230 million, and the corresponding number of cases is about 7 million.
According to a sample of the causes of the incidence of small-deficiency diseases, about 46% of the cases are due to child growth hormone deficiency, with an estimated 3.2 million patients attending. There are currently about 300,000 patients, based on the market size of the domestic growth hormone market of about 3 billion yuan per year, and the actual number of people treated is about 120,000, with the patient treating only at the rate.
2.4%, compared to 28% penetration in the United States, and the market space is wide, the treatment rate will increase further with the increase in the disposable income of our people and the generalization of child dwarfism. If market penetration rises to one third in the United States, the ratio of water needles (42,000/year) to powder needles (18,000/year) will be higher.
6.5:3.5, the market for child dwarfism alone will exceed 10 billion yuan. With the expansion of the use of drugs, the city has a higher number of growth hormone deficiency cases and a greater market potential, leading companies to develop. The current international market for growth hormones is dominated by four drug companies: No and Nord, Pfizer, Merk and Ro.
In 2017, the growth market went up 31%, and in the first half of 2018 it fell to 13%. The main reason for the decline was that pdb data only recorded the sale of growth hormones in the priority cities of the sample hospitals, not taking into account the outflow of prescriptions and the sale of grass-roots hospitals, based on grass-roots research.
We estimate that growth hormones are actually increasing at a higher rate than that published in the pdb database. We believe that, as the flagship of growth hormones, and as the country ' s only water agent, long-lived growth hormones enterprise, Changchun will be able to replace the market with water agent, long-acting growth hormones and powders, the growth rate of the plate is expected to reach 50 per cent in 2018.
According to pdb data, the growth hormone market has been growing year after 2014. In 2017, the market for sample hospital-end growth hormones was $441 million. Kinsai collected $2,084 million in 2017, according to pdb, of which about 80% were growth hormones, while the market rate for corporate growth hormones was about $1.7 billion.
It is also on the rise, with 57% of the city in 2012 and about 66% of the city in 2017. By 2017, the market for growth hormones was about $3 billion.
The water agent product has a clear advantage, it has been upgraded among companies, and the needles have a price gradient, mainly in the grass-roots market. The water agent has a number of advantages over the powder: first of all, the needles are less likely to produce antibodies. Clinical data show that water is less likely to produce antibodies.
The incidence of needle antibodies was 0%, while the prevalence of needles was 1.0 - 1.9%, and the water needles in the gold-spill industry were marketed in 2005. The market share of the product has increased steadily since it was marketed. According to grass-roots studies, the market for water needles and needles was estimated at less than 10% in 2010; by 2014, the ratio was about 40%.
We believe that, as consumption rises, the water needles will take up the market in the middle and high, and the needles will be targeted at the grass-roots markets, where price gradients are evident, and where the market is dominated by four of the most important hormonal producers in our market: Changchun, Ancobi, United Sal and others.
Nord and Nord, among them, are original research products. Changchun and Nord are the most varied manufacturers in the three families, with products ranging from powders to needles to long-lasting effects. The price of different products varies considerably, taking advantage of different consumers through price differentials.
We believe that the growth hormone market is vast and growing. With the introduction of Akeborg's water needle products to the market, together with the development and academic promotion of the new Changchun, it will be effective to increase our growth hormone penetration, which will increase the market speed. At the same time, the Golden Race medicine industry will grow in the field of growth hormones for many years.
The power of farming and marketing channels is expected to increase in the future. We believe that the annual rate of growth of the company's water and powder needles is expected to be as high as that of the market for long-acting growth hormones, the high barriers to the future growth of the company, the same long-acting growth hormones as for short-acting growth hormones, but they are easier to use, reducing the daily rate for patients.
The company’s long-term growth hormone, the only peg-modified growth hormone, has not yet been promoted on a large scale. As the department completes its iv clinical trials this year, product promotion will increase, leading to company growth in the future.
The company’s growth of growth hormones is expected to outpace the peaceful growth of Noor and Nord’s insulin insulin island. After peaceful listing, there has been a steady increase, with sales of DKK 3.85 billion in 2008 and DKK 18.3 billion in 2015, with a composite growth rate of 25%, maintaining the momentum of rapid growth.
The company’s long-acting growth hormones, which are not competitive in the country, are currently growing rapidly. Long-acting growth hormones, although easy and effective, are more expensive: about 10 times the amount of a needle and three to four times the amount of a needle.
According to data from the China Family Finance Survey (chfs), 2015, the number of the middle class is 204 million, and the number of the high-income group is 10 million, or 214 million, according to the criteria of a net wealth per capita of 50,000-500,000 dollars. Of the 1 billion children suffering from dwarf diseases, about 30 million are treated with long-acting growth hormones, and the market space is still open.
We believe that the company’s long-lived growth hormone iv clinic has been completed, that it will enter an accelerated roll-out phase in the future, and that long-acting growth hormones will grow more rapidly as the push increases. We believe that the growth hormone market is wide and spatially wide, that the company’s growth hormone product is full, and that the company’s growth hormone market is deep.
Over the years, sales promotion has been increasing. In 2018, the company's growth hormones will be further released, increasing at an annual rate of 2.2. Reorganizing human ovarian bubbles into the release period, fast-growing corporate performance.
Human ovarian hormones as one of the prognosis drugs, adapted mainly to women who are non-ovulation and treated with cremol acid; and patients who have undergone ultra-in vitro fertilization or assisted fertility techniques, such as embryo transplant (ivf), intrapolar transfer (gift) and intra-polar transplantation (zift), can stimulate multiple eggs with Gonaphine
According to the pdb database, in 2017 the market for priority urban hospitals amounted to $1,074 million, and in the first half of 2018 it amounted to $540 million, an increase of 6%. We believe that the rapid growth of the market for pregnancy medicines is closely linked to the overall implementation of the second-child policy. With the introduction of the second-child policy, we expect the market to be on track in the future.
The main varieties of the country’s pregnancy-support market are human ovarian hormones, urinary ovarian hormones, ovarian blubber, and ciculose up to 50.21%. We believe that the city’s share will expand further, gradually replacing urinary pulmonary hormones. As the market for pregnancy assistance expands and the market for human ovarian bubble increases, its market will expand further.
We believe that the country is now going through a phase in which humans push ovarian hormones to take over the market. As the market share of urinated ovary ovarian hormones is running out, human ovarian hormones will continue to grow rapidly.
The company’s promotion of ovarian products has grown at a very slow pace, and it is hoped that future imports will replace our most popular Merk company, with 95,52% sales in the first half of 2018. The gold-spill industry’s listing in 2016 will rise year by year, reaching 4.48% in the first quarter of 2017.
The winning price for the gold-challenged pharmaceutical industry is essentially the same as that of Merk, but the winning provinces are less than Merk. The gold-challenged pharmaceutical industry started the official bidding process in 2016, with nine currently winning provinces. The Merk product started the bidding process in 2010, with 26 winning provinces.
Companies have accumulated sufficient marketing experience through successful sales of growth hormones. We believe that corporate pushes ovarian hormones too hard, in a fast-growing and long-term fashion, rapidly expanding their own market share.
The Shandong vaccine outbreak in 2016, which affected the entire vaccine industry, was highly influenced by the company's aggressive strategy, India.
In 2017, with the negative impact of the Shandong vaccine incident, the company had the highest prevalence of 29.23%. The company's failure to get out of the Shandong vaccine incident in 2017.
By September 2018, the bulk issuance of the product had reached 6.2 million, and the export of live vaccines to India began, adding further company performance to the growth of the company. The company’s subsidiary, the Mayonian creature, used a rabies vaccine (vero cell) as another vaccine product.
The market share of the product was 2.11% in 2016. In 2016, a significant increase in the issuance of corporate vero rabies was caused by the negative impact of the Shandong vaccine incident. The main reason was that corporate vaccine process stabilization had to be successfully addressed.
In the first three quarters of 2018, companies increased their sales inputs, with rabies vaccine increasing by 204% on a year-to-year basis, with 2.89 million vials issued. With the outbreak of the vaccine, the gmp certification of the plant for the production of long-lived biological rabies vaccine was revoked.
We believe that a tightening of market regulation means that the industry will move in a more regulated direction. With tighter regulation, companies are now bound to further upgrade their product quality and production regulatory processes in order to survive, while some are small, scattered, and chaotic.
Enterprises will be phased out and market concentration will increase further. We believe that the quality of the rabies vaccine is stable in the high spring and high, that companies are well-managed, that long-lived organisms are expected to take over the market, that they will grow faster, that they will grow at a rate of more than 200 per cent a year, and that they are expected to achieve a balance of gains and losses this year.
In August 2018, st biochemistry caused the gmp certification of its rabies vaccine production plant to be revoked as a result of manufacturing process forgery, and its market share to be filled by existing manufacturers. We see this as a further boost to the rapid growth of the rabies vaccine in the long spring.
Although the new rabies vaccine has not been issued for export, the exportability of the phoenix vaccine means that the company’s management and production norms are in line with international standards. As the adverse effects of the Shandong vaccine incident have diminished, the rabies vaccine has been successfully exported, and the rabies vaccine has been produced.
The improvement process, with the company ' s vaccine products sustaining rapid growth in the first half of the year, with profit-end growth expected to remain above 100 per cent and rapid growth. Figure 32: Distribution of biovero rabies for 2011-2018h
According to pdb data, the main product of the HDR is the hysterectomy, which accounts for about 94% of the total. The company’s current product is growing steadily, with 2017.
While there has been a steady increase in existing products, the company is focusing on research and development: of these, the pseudo-couples go passed a national review of major new drug creation topics, which was made a priority in 2017. The clinical study of the iii of the ecclesiastical eccentric ecclesiastes is progressing well, and cases have been grouped and case reports are being collated and collated.
At the same time, companies have strengthened their workforces, improved marketing network layouts, increased specialization, and scaled-up terminal teams. Progress has been made in building up and initially synchronized with grass-roots end-market and otc market developments.
In the first three quarters of 2018, the company increased its sales inputs, with rabies vaccine reaching 204% at a similar rate.
With the cancellation of the gmp certification at the long-lived biological rabies vaccine production workshop, we believe that the company’s rabies vaccine is expected to take over the market, increase at an accelerated rate of over 200% a year, and that the race, driven by such factors as the downflow of channels and the gradual rise in the share of new products, will maintain a high rate of growth and will continue to contribute to the company.
Profit; 100-gram organisms gradually return to domestic sales after the “vaccine incident” and, with the completion of the adjustment of the bioproducer process, they are expected to make a profit out of the loss and contribute to the company. Therefore, we maintain the “buy-in” rating. 1) Product promotion sales are not as good as expected.
Growth hormones need to be promoted for marketing, including through academic outreach. While companies are expected to promote their products, there is still a risk that they will not sell as expected.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board (CMS), Dong Wu Securities Inc. has been in possession of the Securities Investment Advisory Board.