Good performance meets expectations, looks forward to high growth in the future, long-chun and high-growth (000661.sz) and three-quarterly follow-up of the long-chun and high-spring (000661).
Lee Ping-hyuk, 56.36 per cent more than the net profit of the shareholders in the listed company, $839 million more than Wang Xiaoqi.
Of this amount, in the third quarter of 2018, the company achieved revenues of 1.390 billion yuan, an increase of 32.74 per cent over the same period; net returns to mothers of 291 million yuan, an increase of 43.20 per cent over the same period; and deductions to inform the preparation of the present report.
Increased inputs from pharmaceutical subsidiaries in the construction of new plants; net operating cash flow of $301 million, an increase of 336.26 per cent over the same period. (i) High growth in performance and good cost-expenditure control
During the reporting period, the company’s performance increased at a high rate. In the first three quarters, the company’s income, net return and net non-return gain increased at a rate of 56.36 per cent, 72.20 per cent and 74.55 per cent, respectively, maintaining a high rate of entry into the settlement period.
The decrease is mainly due to the fact that real estate projects are entering the settlement period at large in q2, but they are still growing at a high rate over the same period. At the same time, net operating cash flows rose significantly, totalling $301 million in January-September, an increase of 336.26 per cent over the same period.
In the first three quarters of the Golden Race Pharmaceuticals industry, about 2.4 billion yuan (+50.4 per cent) was realized and net profits were realized The first three quarters of the 100-gram pharmaceutical industry was about 866 million yuan and net profits were about 200 million yuan
4.2017-12-14 Long Spring High Event Review: Investing in the Sino-Cultural Organisms, with a heavy weight of 460 million yuan in the first three quarters of real estate, with almost no carry-over during the same period last year.
Cost expenditure is well controlled, and sales rates have decreased significantly. At the cost end, the sales cost rate for the first three quarters was 36.56 per cent, a 5.12 per cent decrease in the year; the management cost rate was 5.36 per cent, a 132 per cent decrease in the year; research and development costs were $261 million; and (ii) growth hormones remained high and dominant.
During the reporting period, growth hormones maintained a strong growth trend, with growth hormone revenues of approximately $2.17 billion in the previous three quarters, a year-on-year increase in the number of hospital developments and prescription doctors covered by companies through the expansion of their marketing teams to increase market coverage, thereby increasing the number of newly infected children in the group, while increasing the number of drug users and consolidating the stock market.
At the same time, pdb shows a 20.8% increase in corporate growth hormone sales in the first half of 2018 and about 40% in the city as a whole. Given the pattern of growth hormone sales (dispersed by patients at the hospital’s first visit to the hospital’s side or children’s hospital), we believe that real growth will be higher than in the sample hospital.
Figure 2. Sample hospital sales and acceleration of growth hormones of various agent types in Kinsey. Figure 3.201h1 Competition patterns in the domestic growth hormone market.
For the country’s growth hormones, the full-scale, end-control, and the fastest-growing new adaptive conditions have all the advantages. We see that corporate growth hormones continue to grow fast: (1) The domestic growth hormone market has a huge space for expansion. We have about 7 million small cases of disease in the treatment window.
With growth hormone deficiency (hd) of more than 2.8 million children, the size of the national market in 2017 was about 3 billion yuan, assuming a maximum of 5% of the treatment rate for ghd in 2018.
At 4:6 and 1:9, it is conservatively estimated that the size of our growth hormone treatment ghd market is at least 11 billion yuan. (2) The long-acting type has completed iv clinical studies and is expected to contribute continuously to elasticity and to further consolidate corporate growth hormone dominance.
The company will continue to expand its sales team, expand its market coverage and thereby increase the number of hospitals and prescription doctors, and the number of new patients.
Even if, given the competitive factors, potential competition in the water needle country leads the pace of Encobia in its hands, the product listing application has been placed on the priority review list and will be approved at the latest at the end of the year and will face foreign tendering.
In the hands of competition, even though Nord and Nord products have been marketed, they still face tendering and re-arrangement. Considering the limited capacity of foreign companies to promote their national academic institutions and the high cost of selling their products, the company is expected to have limited impact. (5) Grow hormones are mostly prescriptions outside the courtyard and are not subject to drug-based ratios.
Following confirmation of the use of growth hormones at the beginning of the tri-a hospital, a prescription was distributed to the children’s hospital or to the clinic on the side of the hospital, without being affected by the hospital’s strict drug-control ratio. (6) The consumption of medicines has increased and the market for children’s height management has warmed up.
(iii) Vaccine operations continue to grow well, with batch issuances rising on a quarterly basis.
In the meantime, the 18-month-old rabies vaccine process in the Xinx industry has stabilized, starting with 170,000 rabies, and we believe that the rabies vaccine is expected to gradually contribute to an increase in performance. The first three quarters saw a quarterly increase in the issuance of pox seedlings and saplings, which probably benefited from long-term events.
A batch of 5,3286 million vials was issued, an increase of 42.8 per cent over the same period; and a batch of 2,3544,000 vials was issued by the Elms, an increase of 147.7 per cent over the same period.
Figure 6.100 grams of vaccine batch (million bottles) We believe that the company’s vaccine business will move into a high-growth phase: the bulk issue is maintained at a high level, and given the impact of the previous vaccine events, it is expected that the Madge market will recover faster.
The company’s vaccine has been registered in India, Nigeria, and is about to be registered in Indonesia. Registration is also under way in Guatemala, Bangladesh, Turkey, and Thailand.
(3) The Nose Influenza vaccine was reported for production and included in the priority review in June 1818, and if successful listing will fill the nose in (4) R & D of the Frozen Dry Powder type, a sufficient quantity of the products required for the iii clinical trial has been produced, with an advance medical report from the Central Court of Audit:
(v) Invest in Zeus organisms, currently developing a 20-price combination of pneumonia vaccine, which is expected to be clinical in 19 years: (6) Purchase of human-wide anti-rabies mono-resistance technology, which, if successfully marketed, will create synergies with the company ' s already existing rabies vaccine. (iv) Reorganizing human ovarian hormones is still in a developmental phase and there is a broad prospect of import substitution
In the last three quarters, the company generated nearly $100 million in sales revenue from ovarian sales, and the new supplemental adaptive disease is being clinically tested. The ovarian hormones are the dominant medicine in the country’s assisted reproduction field, and the reorganizing human ovarian ovary hormones has a technical barrier to urea products with high, stable quality control, low pollution risk, and high patient psychological acceptance.
Listed in May as the country's first such month, sales earnings in the previous three quarters were close to $100 million, an increase of 185%. Sample hospital data were mainly due to differences with imported products in formulations (pink vs water needles) and adaptive disorders (lack of “medically assisted students” for controlling ultra-eggs).cde was first published in September 17, with new additions to company products.
Adaptive treatments for “controllative ultra-eggs of assisted reproductive technologies” are being clinically tested and, if approved successfully, will accelerate import substitution. Figure 6.2018H1 Sample Hospital pro-poll market competition patterns. (v) Joint venture with alvotech, enrichment of mono-optimal research and development pipelines
On 19 September, the company signed a contract with alvotech to establish a joint venture, which contributed $100 million in cash, or 50% of the registered capital of the joint venture.
Mylan and Nord have been working for more than 20 years, with extensive biopharmaceutical research and management experience. The company now has seven single anti-mock drugs, of which the fastest-growing Adamwood monolith is entering the i-clinical phase. According to the announcement, the joint venture will focus on all the interests of the product in China, including the use of licensed technology for research and development, production, and import of contract products.
We believe that the establishment of this joint venture will enrich the support company’s mono-resistant pharmaceutical research and development pipeline, which is expected to add new impetus to the firm’s long-term high-speed growth in its performance. At the same time, the joint venture hopes that, on the above basis, internationalization in the field of biopharmaceuticals will be achieved through the provision of global surrogate services and innovative biopharmaceutical research and development.
The company’s bright performance in the first three quarters, its continued high growth in medicine, and our expectation that we will continue to look forward to the future of the company. The company is the leader of the country’s biopharmaceuticals, and we believe that growth hormone performance will continue to grow at a high rate:
As consumption rises and people focus on height management, the growth hormone market has wide potential to grow in the future. Companies in the field of growth hormones have full advantages in terms of product lines, end-control capabilities, rapid development of new adaptive conditions, technological leadership, and positive layout of new drug delivery techniques.
Reorganizing ovarian hormones to fill a national production gap, and accelerating the process of import substitution is expected to be accelerated when the adaptive supplement is approved. Vaccine operations are about to enter a new phase of development: the phoenix vaccine is opening up the international market, and the rabies vaccine will be modified and replaced by process.
The Chinese pharmaceutical industry is expected to grow steadily. The company’s real-estate business will also grow steadily. Long-acting growth hormone markets are not as popular as expected, human-pumped hormone markets are not as popular as expected, vaccine safety risks and policy risks, and new medicines are not being developed as expected.