Reassemble high-quality assets at the end of the cycle, and the world's ship-building poles are on the line of December 23, 2024.
The ship-building industry fluctuates over a decade because of its life span of more than 20 years and its long production and expansion cycle. The ship cycle has been active since 2021 and is still relatively high. According to Clarkson, the global new ship-building order of 6.03 million cgt in January-November 2024, an increase of 36 per cent over the previous decade, representing an increase of 37 per cent over the average for the same period.
On the other hand, ship replacement and environmental transformation are core drivers, supply side, more resilient than in the last cycle, more cautious expansion of ship production, and longer duration of the current cycle. Our share in ship manufacturing has been raised to the world’s number one, in terms of tonnage, and in 2023, we completed shipbuilding and signed new singles as 50% and 67% of the world’s total.
Modern shipbuilding is a financial, technological, human-intensive industry that will benefit the most from this cycle because of the country’s comparative advantages, such as the integrity of the industrial chain, the cost of raw materials, and the exchange rate, which are difficult to overcome in the short and medium term. China’s ship: a global ship-building leader, the beneficial cycle + a high-quality asset injection
China Shipping Group is the largest shipbuilding group in the world, with a 19% share of ship construction in 2023. China ' s ship is a listed company of the core civil-military masters of the China Shipping Group, positioned as a platform for the global loading of ships under the Group ' s flag, and is now the largest integrated shipbuilding enterprise in the country after several rounds of asset injection and reorganization.
The shipbuilding industry is a heavy asset industry, with heavy down-cycle costs. With the repair of shipyard orders starting in 2021, the company's performance began in 2023 and profit space is still available.
▪ To absorb the integration of heavy Chinese workers, China ' s ships have become more powerful as a platform for placing them on the market. China ' s ships (600150); military ships are based, and the performance of private companies has been significantly affected by fluctuations in the shipbuilding cycle and the infusion of group assets.
Performance trends can be divided into three phases: (1) 1998-2006: company listed as a heavy machine with major benefits expected to contribute more elasticity to the new cycle; and (2) 2007-2019: Injection of offshore high-bridge construction and mid-season construction, Xiaodong.
Since 2009, the global demand for new ships has shrunk sharply, and Chinese ships have absorbed the capital of shipbuilding assets such as the Jiangnan shipyard and Hiroshima International under the banner of the China Shipping Group, and have been able to transfer the amount of marine products contracts to reduce the burden.
In September 2024, Chinese ships issued an announcement that China would be the largest ship in the world, thanks to a transfer of assets from Guangzhou to Chenxi, to integrate Chinese heavy labourers in the form of a share distribution.
We're looking at the booming cycle, where there is an optimal pattern of industrial competition and greater synergy after the re-engineering of the North-South ship, and considering the continuation of the landscape in the ship industry, the company's high Māori orders will perform well and maintain a “buy-in” rating.
The largest integrated shipbuilding enterprise in the country, leading the industrial development of ships, China ' s ships are listed companies in the core civil-military industry of the China Shipping Group, which have undergone several rounds of asset restructuring and have grown into the largest integrated shipbuilding enterprise in the country.
In 2007, the company was placed in the two main shipyards of the Outer High Bridge, China and China, and became a Chinese ship, becoming a three-score shiphead for shipbuilding, ship repair, and core parts. In 2020, the public division was re-located in the shipyards of Jiangnan, Guangzhou International, Huang Quanjun, etc.
In September 2024, Chinese ships issued an announcement to exchange shares in the form of shares to absorb the merger of Chinese heavy labourers. The reorganization was designed to reduce competition among colleagues, increase synergies, and restructure with Chinese heavy labourers, China’s ships will become the world’s largest listed shipbuilder.
As of 30 June 2024, the National Committee held 47.2% of the shares in Chinese ships, and the Chinese Ship Industry held 44.5% of the shares directly in the companies and 4.9% of the shares in the China Ship Defence Group, with a combined share of 49.3% in the China Ship under the flag of Jiangnan, the Outer High Bridge, Hiroshima International and China.
The construction of ships is dominated by the four main holding companies, Huang Wenghoon, China Diesel, and the three major participating companies in the State of Shun Siyang, including shipbuilding, ship repair, seawork and mechanical and electrical equipment. (1) Ship construction: all types of military ships, military auxiliaries and bulk carriers, tankers, container ships, large cruises, large lang
The number of ships and other types of special boats is the highest in the country on a yearly basis. (2) Construction of marine equipment, including fpso, semi-submarine, self-incentive drilling platforms, etc. The company has developed a series, lot-quantified construction capacity in the area of self-incentive drilling platforms, fpso, etc. (3) ship support and electromechanical equipment, including wind towers, lng canisters, steel structures, etc.
The four main holding ships build boats on the south side of the river, the outer high bridge, Hiroshima International, and the Chinese ship on the west side of the ship, each of which has advantages: (1) the Jiang South master ship and the high-value-added civilian boats (large container ships, vlgc, lpg, special ships such as ice-breakers, Kokos, etc.), representing the state of manufacture of our high-end ships. (2) The offshore high-rise ship owners build private boats and seamen's equipment.
(b) Design and build capacity in areas such as large and medium bulk cargo ships, tankers and container ships, pctc, fpso. (3) the international master army support ship and high-value-added civilian vessels. (4) The ship in China and China repair and transform the main West ship and electrical and mechanical operations and involve the construction of military auxiliary ships and special ship types.
Since it was listed in 1998, the performance of Chinese ships has evolved in three stages. The changes in company performance have been significantly influenced by fluctuations in the shipbuilding cycle and the injection of group assets, and the heavy asset industry, with heavy down-cycle costs, (1) 1998-2006: the company, as a heavy crane, produced mainly medium- and low-speed diesel engines for ships.
(2) 2007 - 2019: In 2007, offshore high-bridge shipbuilding and slashing of Chinese ships resulted in the renaming of the Xiaodong heavy-lifts to Chinese ships, which increased from a billion to 10 billion. Since 2009, global demand for new ships has shrunk sharply, prices have fallen, orders for new ships have decreased, demand for repair and diesel engines has been symmetrically reduced, shipowners have withdrawn, abandoned and delayed ship connections have increased, and orders have been difficult to pay.
In November 2017, Chinese ships transferred some $7.5 billion in seaworks contracts out of the company, alleviating profits (3) 2020-2024: in 2020, Chinese ships absorbed the Jiangnan shipyard and Hiroshima International, among others, under the China Ship Group.
At the same time, China’s ships are gradually putting out the assets of the Xiangdong Heavy Machine, and no longer directly operating power-related equipment since the fourth quarter of 2022. China’s Ship Group has become more clearly positioned as a platform for listing the assets of the ship’s cargo.
Since the beginning of the year, the company has come to a profit point in light-loading.
Since 2021, the global new ship market has been on the upswing cycle, with companies now in a high order of 2028. By the end of June 2024, companies had a cumulative stock of 322/2362 million gross tonnage/1996 billion in hand-held ships, 2022q1 new ship price indices were significantly different from steel prices, high Māori orders continued to be honoured, and companies were far away.
The profit elasticity of the period. Although the newly signed unit price has been restored since 2021, it remains low, owing to (1) the rise in commodity prices, the appreciation of the renminbi, the impairment of historical orders, and (2) the delayed performance of good-price orders over a period of approximately 2-3 years.
Over the past 40 years of reform and opening up, our ship industry has developed through the development of the two separate entities, the South Ship Industry and the Ship Industry.
China’s ships have become a listed platform for the group’s total assets, integrating high-quality assets, and growing power. With the opening up of reforms, it will be possible to resolve the problems of industrial industry companies without distinction, with less efficient industrial chains, and with premature regulatory regimes.
In order to introduce a competitive market mechanism, China Ship Industry has been restructured in 1999 and divided into “North ship” and “South ship” China Ship Industry Group (subsequently known as “South ship”) by Yangjiang.
In 2019, the “Souther Ship” industry and the “North Ship” heavy-ship industry implemented a joint reorganization of the new China Ship Group, and the shares of nine listed companies, such as Chinese ships, Chinese heavy-workers, Chinese power, etc., were transferred to the group as a whole.
In September 2024, China's ships issued an announcement that they would exchange shares in the form of a share to absorb the integration of Chinese heavy jobs. The reorganization was designed to reduce competition and increase synergies among their counterparts.
The company’s shipyards include Huang Wenyong, China, China, China, China, the North Sea Shipyard, Dalian Shipyard, Wuchang Shipyard, and Shan Customs. If all seven shipyards are injected, China’s global ship market is expected to rise from 14% to about 27%, making it the world’s largest listed shipbuilder.
2. A new wave of ships has arrived, looking at China ' s long line of shipbuilding, which is rising in size, 2.1. Ship manufacturing: civil-military integration, financial, technological, human-intensive and advanced manufacturing. Ship manufacturing services water transport, maritime development and defence security, and strategic and advanced manufacturing for civil-military integration.
The ship ' s industrial chain can be divided into upstream raw materials (steel), supporting parts and ship designs, medium-swap ship manufacturing, downstream shipping, energy development, defence, etc. Bulk ships, tankers, container ships are the three main ships, accounting for 86% of the total global capacity.
Civil and military vessels. Civil ships can also be classified as cargo ships, passenger ships, scientific ships, etc. This paper focuses on the supply and demand analysis of ship-building cores - cargo ships (i.e. shipping vessels). Depending on their use, cargo ships can be further divided into bulk carriers (bulk ships), oil tankers (oiltank), container ships (containerships), liquefied gas vessels (lpg and lng).
Liquefiedgascarrier, chemical ship (chemicaltaker), special-purpose ships (rolling ships, livestock carriers, etc.). Of these, bulk carriers, tankers and container ships were the main types of ships, with delivery completed in 2023 (in tons of load) accounting for 40 per cent, 17 per cent and 29 per cent, respectively, and, by the end of 2023, the global capacity of the three types of ships was 43 per cent, respectively.
In the current cycle, major Chinese ships, such as Chinese ships, continue to be dominated by bulk ships, tankers, container ships, and the three main Chinese fleets together account for 61% of the total. South Korean ship companies, represented by modern hd heavy labourers, have gone from mainstream ships to lang, super-large container ships, and super-large.
2.2. Age maturity and environmental conventions will be the most beneficial force in the current cycle, with the supply of rigid Chinese ship manufacturing industries.
2.2.1. The long-cycle track of the 10-year dimension, supply and demand resonance drive the current cycle up, with ships living for more than 20 years and with long production and expansion cycles, fluctuations in the shipbuilding industry over a 10-year cycle of 20-30 years, with long-term cycles associated with the characteristics of the ship itself: ships have more than 20 years of age.
Life expectancy, long production cycles from one and a half to three years, and long extension cycles. At the same time, factors such as supply chain transfers, commodity stock periods, geopolitical conflicts, etc., tend to magnify cyclical fluctuations, and the volume of shipbuilding increases during periods of economic expansion or arms races, which can easily lead to excess capacity, and industry cycle attributes can easily be magnified.
According to Maritimeconomics, the development of the global shipbuilding industry in the past century can be divided into five major cycles, with a dozen or two small cycles. The most recent cycle was 1987-2007, with the growth-led trade of Asian economies, particularly China, reaching 62 million grams a year, five times as high as the 1987 valley.
Weak, supply-side excess capacity, down cycle to 2020. The cycle has been under way since 2021, with supply and demand resonance, and the climate has continued to this day. Since 2021, the shipbuilding industry has recovered, the price index for new shipbuilding has continued to be repaired, all types of shipbuilding have gone up, and the shipworker has been holding orders.
The new ship-building market is still at a high level, with the new ship-building index nearing its historical peak, with the head ship’s factory orders taking hold until 2028. We judge that because of (1) the elasticity of the ship-building industry, Japan’s ship-building industry contracted with China’s rise, and was scarce compared to China’s.
Low labour input, limited expansion of production capacity, and the rate of domestic expansion of production capacity are constrained by factors such as finance, (2) environmental policy tightening, energy switching in the shipping industry leading to higher technical barriers in the industry, stronger supply-side constraints in the current cycle and longer periods of up-to-date movement:
Since the 2008 financial crisis, a large number of shipyards have been shut down, and the number of globally active shipyards (up to a few 1,000 +gt in hand orders) in 2024 was 370, or 36% of the peak of 1035 in 2008.
China’s number of active shipyards was 159 in 2024, a decline of 66% compared to 2008, one of the most complete countries to produce. Shipbuilding fell by 64% in 2023 compared to its peak level in 2010, and industrial capacity was gradually cleared down the road.
At the demand end, the upward cycle driver of the ship is derived from three factors. (1) The age of the ship expires and the replacement demand-driven order increases. According to Clarkson, in December 2023, the global merchant fleet reached an average age of 13.7 years, the highest level since 2009 (excluding gross tonnage of less than 5,000 tons).
The average age of the container fleet has reached 14.3 years, the highest since the data were collected in 1993; the average age of the tankers has reached 12.9 years, a 20-year high. At the same time, it is expected that the more stringent environmental requirements of the current cycle will generate more demand for the renewal of old ships.
At the height of the first epidemic, US water discharges raised consumer demand, export orders grew, container cargo shipping demand rose rapidly, while supply chains were blocked, demand could not be met, and prices rose sharply. 2 The Russian-Turkish conflict hit global supply chains, pushing prices up.
Figure 25: High-level operation of China ' s Container Transport Index (CPI), 2021-2022 (3) Carbon neutrality and capacity upgrading in the shipping industry: the International Maritime Organization (IMO) started implementing two major ships in the second half of 2019
The new regulations require a global cap on sulphur content from 3.5 per cent to 0.5 per cent for ships, and the imposition of ballast water treatment systems on merchant ships, which, on the one hand, increase the value added of ships and, on the other hand, add additional environmental devices to some of the older ships, which are not economical, and which accelerate the dismantling of uneconomical ships and boost the demand for new ships.
2.2.2. China has benefited the most from the new cycle of the shipbuilding industry, with attention paid to the flagship shipyard at Litzil, which is the world’s largest ship-making country. China’s ship-building industry has undergone market-based reforms and expanded its overseas market, and since 2010 has been the world’s leading ship-building industry, replacing Japan and Korea as the world’s leading ship-building power.
Our ship manufacturing industry is currently facing the rise of supply-side ship factories, the upgrading of production capacity, and the continued boom in demand. Over the years, industrial developments have strengthened the capacity of our ship-making industry chain, the prices of raw materials, such as steel, and the exchange rate have strengthened China’s comparative advantages in ship factories for the last two years, and industrial policies have supported industry development.
China’s ships have been full of hand orders and continue to operate on the three main indicators of shipbuilding. Domestic ships have been on the move since the signing of a new order since 2021, with an increase in hand-order coverage to more than one year, and a quarterly increase in capacity utilization according to China’s ship industry.
The Association ' s data for January-September 2024 show an increase of 18 per cent over the previous year in the volume of 36.34 million loads, with new orders amounting to 87.11 million loads, an increase of 52 per cent over the same period; at the end of September, hand-held orders amounted to 190 million loads, an increase of 44 per cent over the same period, and completed/new orders/hand-held orders accounted for 55/75/61 per cent of the global total, respectively.
Keep in mind that the shipyard’s profit elasticity continues to be released. Shipyard profits are released at a slower pace than the order, mainly because: (1) the ship’s current prices, while rising from 2021 onwards, are long-term, with high-price orders running some two years late from signing to delivery. (2) The price of the advance orders is influenced by the price of steel and the exchange rate. The price of the steel began to fall in the first half of 2022, while the renminbi.
The exchange rate has begun to fall, and the price of the ship has fallen. The future ratio of high-profit orders will continue to rise, and this trend will become more evident. (3) Industry’s downside shipyards are subject to higher impairments, and the effects are still being absorbed.
2029. From 2024 on the order delivery structure, the ship delivered is basically a new order after 2021. The company’s profits will continue to be released as the Māori order is progressively honoured.
(1) Ship repair and seaworker: The company’s core business is more than 90% of the business.
We choose China’s heavy labourers, China’s defense, and Jianglong boats, which are similar to Chinese ships, as comparable companies. Given the continued climate of the ship industry, the company’s performance as a global ship-builder is expected to materialize.
The company’s net return profit for the period 2024-2026 was 39.798 billion yuan (the risk of fluctuations in raw materials’ prices is not considered for the time being due to the incorporation of heavy jobs in China). Ship orders are order-based and have long construction cycles, and changes in the prices of raw materials in the process will have a significant impact on the company’s costs.
2. Risk of exchange rate fluctuations. More dollar-denominated orders from exporting ships, with exchange rate fluctuations, will result in greater corporate performance, and increased competition in the industry. China now has a higher share in the global shipbuilding industry.
Warfare, affecting the performance of companies. 4. Risk of scheduled ship delivery. Companies holding high orders since 2014, demanding higher levels of combined capacity such as production management, supply security, and operating orders, and with both the volume of orders and the share of high-tech ships, the company will be able to increase.
There is also a significant increase in the complexity of production operations. If production operations are disrupted, the pace of order delivery may be affected.