The company has the largest battalion in the industry.
The Yellow Soo Yoon team, the marketing network, has infiltrated all the country's counties and cities, and the channel's high-speed access has been largely completed, laying a solid foundation for future market expansion and product extension.
S03405120001 The provincial market has an absolute monopoly, which is difficult to sustain with the saturation of the provincial market. The Xin Jiangsu Markets Strategy was implemented as early as 2012.
The rate of harvest of the river in the off-provincial market remained at 20% in 2015-2018, significantly higher than the rate in the off-provincial market. The share of the off-provincial market continued to rise steadily, from 35% in 2014 to 52% in 2019, and the off-provincial market for the first time exceeded the province in 2019.
In the last three years, high-end white wine has reached a fast-growing stage, with sub-high-end companies growing at a combined rate of 20% over the past three years. Jiangsu is the province of White wine sales, one of the country’s core markets for white wine consumption, and the country’s lead in rising alcohol consumption.
In recent years, there has been a shift in product structure between the river and the world, and it can be deduced that there has been an increase in the consumption of wine from the river to the sea, and that the dominant price band for white wine consumption has gradually moved to $300, and the provincial monopoly has highlighted the nationalization of the sub-high blue sea.
The competition has intensified, but the ocean is the best in the Jiangsu market, where half of the world’s wines are largely occupied. The sub-high-end white industry is clearly less concentrated than the high-end white wine, but the sub-high-end market is still in the blue sea, and the ocean is pushing for a nationalization strategy that promises to crowd out more cities.
The growth rate has slowed, mainly because the company is now in a marketing transition, showing a gradual adjustment effect, but it may still be in transition as a result of the sudden start of the new coronary epidemic at the beginning of the year, and the depth of the adjustment is expected to regain its strength. The sub-high market is still blue, and future expansion is on the rise.
Strong, companies as sub-high-end headlines, market competitiveness, nationalization, and growth potential remain high. Current valuations are low, medium- and long-term configuration values are high, first coverage is high, and a prudentially recommended rating is given.
Company profile: White Wine Dragonhead, Jiangsu Province.
A wetland, one of the three most famous wetlands in the world, known as the Scottish Whiskey Production Zone, and the French Dry City Production Zone, is the only natural oxygen free of acid rain in Jiangsu province, making the ocean’s wine-breeding preserves. With the Ocean River’s 100% control of the two-trenched wine industry in 2011, the company’s competitiveness in Jiangsu markets has been further consolidated.
The company's three main brewing bases, the river, the Xiaoyang and the two ditches, cover a total area of 10 square kilometres, have two Chinese wines, two Chinese brands, two Chinese characters, the river, the ditch, the blue classic, the treasure shop, the dream blue, and Su, among others, and enjoy a high branding and reputation throughout the country.
Since 2003, the company has built a classic blue ocean river brand based on the ocean river song. The new style of "soft white wine" quality was first introduced in that year, which is where the ocean river products are differentiated.
1.2 The optimal equity structure provides sufficient incentives for the effective control of the current river is the State Finance Committee of Jiangsujuku City. The first shareholder is the Oceanic Group. By the end of the first quarter of 2020, the share of the river group in the company was 34.16%. The second largest shareholder, the Blue Alliance, was management, business.
The shares of Shanghai smoke and Shanghai Jianqiang are held by the company’s distributors. The current shares of the river are shared by the government, management and core cadres, distributors, and management, business and technical cadres, distributors and shareholders’ interests are fully tied, incentives are put in place, and the company’s long-term development is motivated.
The history of optimized equity structures in the ocean river: the river was a pioneer in the reform of State enterprises in the white wine industry, with two major changes to be made, and the restructuring of the equity structure through changes in 2002 and the 2006 replenishment provided an important impetus for the company ' s development over the past decade or so.
The first conversion took place in 2002, with the Ocean Rivers Group as the main sponsor, six legal persons and 14 natural persons operating in the Shanghai Sea, Shanghai and Jaeqiang, co-sponsored by the Ocean Rivers Group, which held 51 per cent of the shares and 14 natural persons held 8.4 per cent of the shares, financed by personal funds and collections.
The change in the system resulted in a change of title from a sole-owned company to a state-owned holding company, changing the rigidity, inefficiency, and the difficulty of expanding the size of the system. The second change, in 2006, brought about an increase in the company’s managerial motivation to the management, business, and technical cadres.
The equity incentive resulted in a 30.8% share in the reformed management and core cadres and a decrease in the shareholding ratio to 38.6% in the state capital holding ratio, resulting in a re-optimization of the equity structure.
The rivers and ditches are the two brands under the company’s flag, the ocean’s emphasis on national positioning, and their focus on the provincial layout. Since 2003, companies have responded to the demand for higher market consumption on the basis of the traditional river-water curves, launching the classic series of mid-to-high ocean-blue products, sea, sky, and dream.
The current product lines include, among others, the blue classics of the ocean river, the big tunes of the ocean river, the Trench Treasures, the bicrowd Soup, the big troughs, and the soft series of white wine, which contains the product sequences of the high-end, sub-top, mid-end, low-end whole series. The blue classic series is the core monolith of the ocean's rivers. The sea, the sky, the dream are the three main monoliths of the blue classic series of ocean rivers.
In 2018, sales in the blue classic series accounted for one third of the company’s total sales, but in the blue classic series they accounted for 75% of all sales. In recent years, there has been a clear trend to upgrade the structure of the company’s products, with lower-end and higher-end products, represented by dream blues, remaining price-effective.
Blue is in the transition period for old and new products, and the rate of growth has slowed. The share of sea, sky, dream products in total receipts is about 27%, 20%, 27%, while the proportion of sea, sky, dreams in the blue classic series is about 37%, 26%, and figure 4: Seaday Dreams in 2018 in the blue classic series.
The Blue Classic series, the core of the ocean river, is expected to remain the main product of the public administration. For the next few years, the blue price of the sea will be the core price of the country’s county and town markets.
Bits: The blue spot will be the core price of public business consumption and feasts, the firm’s steady growth and share, the new dream 6+ replaced by a new dream 6 year, and the image of the blue high-end brand will be raised through the creation of a high-end brand represented by the blue class of Dream 9 and Dream 9.
1.4 Brands shape and enhance market influence. For many years, companies have focused on the promotion and value of brand stories. "The world's largest is the sea, higher than the sea, far away from the sky, bigger than the sky is the man's love, "China's Dream Blue" ads are more classic.
In order to raise brand power, companies are actively involved in major national and international events, above-the-curve, and are increasingly interacting with consumers through creative marketing methods such as "The Sea River 1949 Condolences of the Motherland", "The Envelope of the Sea", "The Valley Rain Forum", and "The Chinese Head, The Breaths of Liquor."
The Yoo River is ranked third in the world in its 60-year national celebration under the slogan “The Dream of the Sea, the Power of China” and “The value of the 2019 Global Liquor Brand 50”, published by the world-renowned brand of Brandfinance, after our high white wine brands, the five grains and liquids.
Nationalization has advanced, with the rapid expansion of out-of-provincial markets and continuous innovation in the 2.1 channel marketing model. Companies have introduced diversified marketing models, including manufacturers “1+1,” depending on the stage of development and strategic layout.
“Cutting”, “4x3”, “522 polarized engineering” and the like. The continuously innovative marketing model highlights the advantages of the company’s channels and plays an important role in the firm’s rapid growth in the marketing of its products over the past few years.
Promotion of resources, development risks, and logistics and liquidity for distributors. This model is deeply flattened, with manufacturers having greater control of terminals, and is a price-control model, while simplifying the distributioner’s profit model.
Consumers, and gradually growing strong consumer preferences in the target group, drive the whole target group with a “big plate” of core consumers. “4x3” end-of-pipe model: after-end marketing model based on optimization of the “deck-in-plate” model.
Upgraded to maintain the target group of consumption unchanged, mainly for mid-to-high-end consumers, but in the event of high core hotel costs, to develop core business units in the regions. Concrete measures include: tripartite (group consumption, core hotel, media public relations) linkages; three (focus customer department, hotel department, brand promotion department) integration; and three criteria (choice of choice).
Vendor standards: branding, social public relations, financial strength: three-way relationship (plant and distribution)