Reform deepened, ready to go. Ocean River shares (002304.sz) 28/04/2020
• The industrial dividend is still in place, and the firm is firmly engaged in the reform process, and will return to a robust growth path, with strong corporate brand penetration, a solid channel base, and an upgrading of the product matrix card industry. The temporary decline in corporate revenue in 2019 revealed both the need for changes in the company’s pricing strategy, the testing orientation, and the need for a canal.
There's still room for upgrading product structures and extra-provincial expansion, and the company's net profits are expected to return to growth as the channels are right.
• Adjustment of the channel model to optimize market order and enhance the subjective motivation of distributors, in response to the problem of disharmony in the supplier relationship resulting from the deep distribution model, the company has moved to a channel model of “one-stop shop, multi-business” whereby the most powerful distributors in a given region are selected to dominate the market, while the rest are selected to dominate the market.
The major changes in the channel model will effectively coordinate the company’s relationship and provide a solid basis for the development of the dream’s blue future. • The product strategy will be adjusted, the resource focus will dominate the product m6+, and the product matrix will be opened up to grow.
Under the previous multi-manufacture strategy, corporate marketing resources were relatively fragmented, and in response to the competitive situation of the industry at the stage of the "head-loading monolith", and in line with the structural reform of the channel, the company launched a strategic single item m6+ in mid-2019, with the location of the $600-800 price belt, which was injected into wine design, brand promotion, pipeline development, terminal layout.
The M6+ strategic location success will lead to a shift in the structure of dream blue products, leaving enough room for market scalability between waist and lower-middle-end products, and will be important for the future development of companies.
Adjustment of organizational structure, human resources, market cost redistribution, changing the past fragmentation of resources over multiple brands and channels, focusing resources on the development of the Dream Blue Group buying channels; repurchase of shares by companies for equity incentives to motivate core staff and guarantee the smooth landing of reform measures; re-evaluation of indicators to focus on markets
Indicators such as optimization and avoidance of front-line execution moves. Internal organizational management has been overhauled to ensure 1st, cultural, role model 1.1, company history and branding.
The company is located in Jiangsu, where the climate is warm and wet, the river network is dense, the groundwater resources are abundant, the soil is of good quality, and it creates an excellent natural environment for brewing alcohol. Relocation from ancient times is a heavy water and land transport hub, with frequent commercial exchanges, which has led to a boom in the wine industry.
The three branches of the Huaihai trade company, the Ocean Slot, founded on the foundation of several private wine houses, including the North Beach Breweries, were later re-established in 2002 by a number of renamings. In 2010, a merger was made with another traditional wine-crowding factory, which is a strong union.
The company is the only one in the white industry in China with two major Chinese brands: "China's name" and "China's name" and "China's old name" in the first five consecutive editions of the National Wine Review Conference: in 1979, it was awarded one of the eight most famous wines in the country.
(a) The unique style of the "Sweet, Pine, Soft, Clean, Fragrance" of the River River, which became the authentic representative of the strong white wine;
In the late 1990s, with the approval of the Jiangsu People’s Government in late 2002, the Ocean River Group, as the main sponsor, managed six corporate entities, including dealers in Shanghai, and Yang Ding Dynasty, among others.
The 14 natural persons included in this group co-sponsored the establishment of the Jiangsu Ocean Liquor Co. Ltd., the Ocean Rivers Group, distributors, management holding shares of 51.1 per cent, 40.5 per cent, 8.4 per cent respectively, and the company increased its share to the Blue Sky and Blue Sea trades (consolidated into the Jiangsu Blue Alliance Co. Ltd.) in 2006 to the Blue Sky and Blue Sea trades made up of a group of corporate managers.
River Consortium, Dealers, etc., management held 38.6%, 30.6%, 30.8% respectively, and Ocean River Group, Management (Gangsu Blue Alliance, Inc.) and Dealers held 34.2%, 21.4%, respectively, as of the end of the third quarter of 2019: Ocean River Shares 2019: Government Holdings, Management and Dealers Participation
Institutional reforms have been put in place to achieve a three-way win. The changes have resulted in a smoothing of the relationship of interests and a full mobilization of management and dealer motivation, with companies beginning in 2003 with bold innovations in product concepts, marketing models, channel models, with dealers actively working together and growing business income between 2005 and 2011.
Figure 2: Rapid and sustained growth in income following the diversification of the ocean ' s shares
1996-2002: significant decline in profits and difficulties in running the business. During this period, the competition environment in the Jiangsu White market changed considerably, with the following: “Ru Winnan, Chuan Dong-jin, Moi-jin, Moi-Ching”, the Jiang Su-Bhai market being held by foreign provinces, the wine industry in Jiangsu is in a low tide, and the company is in a difficult position to operate, except for external reasons.
In addition, in the transition from a planned economy to a market economy, corporate innovation resulting from institutional and institutional rigidities, weak and slow market responses, have also limited business development. 2003-2012: a change in the system has stimulated internal momentum and opened up a decade of high-growth gold.
The group ' s restructuring and introduction of management and distributors ' shareholdings have greatly motivated management teams and channels, and management has led companies to innovate boldly and continuously in terms of products, channels, marketing, and has led industry trends, and remains the benchmark for China ' s white wine industry. On the product, in 2003, the company launched the high-end blue classic system of positioning.
Columns, capturing the upward trend in the commercial use of alcohol that began at the beginning of the twenty-first century, registered a 93% growth rate in 2004-2012 in the company’s combination of high- and middle-grade alcohol, dominated by the blue classics. Channels introduced deep distribution, innovative introduction of the “1+1” model between distributors and distributors, direct control by manufacturers, match-to-end points, and use of channel advantages.
At the market layout, as Jiangsu’s share in the market continues to rise, the company has seized the opportunity of nationalization, starting in 2006 with rapid growth in the provincial market, which reached 48% by the end of 2018, and has achieved initial nationalization. The marketing model has evolved, but it has always captured the core view.
During the period 2013-2014: the White and Wine industry has been restructured, with less volatility in the ocean’s shares. During this period, companies continued to work on deep-deep farming and nationalizing market expansion, developing new products, and actively developing the Internet to optimize consumer experience.
It's a small drop in performance compared to its counterparts, and it's much faster to get out of the country. At the same time, companies shift some of their pressure to channels during the period of industrial restructuring, with a larger backlog of channels and a decline in the profits of distributors, and thus move on during the recovery of the industry with flexibility, stock clearing, a return to a positive cycle of prices, a rise in public consumption, and a clear escalation.
The pace of goods, small-step price increases, etc., addresses the high levels of stock left over from the restructuring of the industry, the declining profits of distributors, and, on the one hand, the focus on moving forward with the internal upgrading of the blue classic, with the dream blue share rising from 20 per cent in 2015-2018, with 23 per cent compound growth outside the province, and the extra-provincial market becoming the main engine of corporate growth.
From 2019 onwards, the legacy became apparent, and determinedly and proactively adjusted. From the second half of 2018, the company’s channels were in a state of flux, with rising pressure on revenue, falling by 4 per cent and performance by almost 10 per cent throughout 2019. The Department was facing the problem, with its mid-2019 targets adjusted, core product controls implemented, and the provincial pilot roll-out of m6+.
2.1. Product strategy: main push for blue classics, lead for structural upgrading 2.1.1, perfect brand matrix, main push for blue classic product series
The company produces multi-brand matrix layouts of popular brands represented by the ocean, the ocean, soft and ditches, the ocean, blue and blue, middle and high-end brands represented by sea blue, sky blue, the Trench Trench Treasures, and the dream blues, m3 and m6 and the ma9 and manual classes, and high-end brands represented by sea blue,
The blue classic series of blues, blues of dreams, is the company's focused resource-building main push product since 2003 and now accounts for about 75% of the company's revenue.
Taking advantage of the opportunities for rapid commercial growth offered by China’s reform and opening up in the early 20th century, in 2003 the company pushed out the blue classic series, taking over the upper and middle ends, and falling into a low-end muddy ocean river. The blue classics, in many ways, have been innovative, providing consumers with a new sense of taste, vision, and spirituality, building solid barriers to their products.
The concept of "soft white wine" was first introduced, with a differential advantage in the concept of quality, to address the perception of white wine drinking, which is difficult to say, which is not easy to drink, and to cater to Jiangsu's local drinking habits. Secondly, positioning is different. It gives the blue classic "men's hearts" and "the blues of the sea, the blue dreams of the sky" cultural demands and content to satisfy the spirit of the consumer.
And it's a combination of brand quality and spirituality. Thirdly, the image of the product is different.
The company has been gradually importing a series of blue classic products, the blues of the sea, the blues of the sky, the blues of the dreams, to the upper and middle ends, and in 2010, based on the blues of the dream, 5a, the blues of the dream have become m3, m6, m9.
High-end markets. The blue classic series has increased its share of white wine income to 75% by 2018, and the interior structure of the blue classics has also continued to upgrade, with the blue of the sea, the blue of the sky and the blue of the dream accounting for approximately 37%, 26% and 37% of the blue classics in 2018.
Figure 5: Continued rise in the blue classic share since 2015 Figure 6: Dream Blue as a new growth point for companies (in billions) Figure 8: Corporate Māori ratio has shown an upward trend since 2015
Figure 7: The trend in the internal structural upgrading of the Blue Classic since 2015 is clear: 2.1.4, upgrading the quality of products and expanding the quality of alcohol production - 26 million tons of white wine and 61,000 tons of white wine in the company ' s pre-market capacity.
The energy use industry is near saturation, and market confidence in the quality of the company ' s products is low due to stress on the base. Starting in 2010, the company has more than 70,000 famous silos, producing more than 160,000 tons of wine annually, producing more than 290,000 tons of wine each year, and storing a total of 1 million tons of alcohol, whether in the size of the factory, the number of cellars, the original wine production capacity or the market.
2.2. Market layout: Jiangsu has the highest rate of coverage, initial nationalization has been completed, 2.2.1 has sunk in the province, and Jiangsu has the highest rate of ownership.
Jiangsu is the province of white wine production, with 69 million litres of white wine produced in 2018, after Sichuan province, and is the second largest consumer in the country. Jiangsu is also the province of white wine consumption, with a great amount of alcohol and alcohol consumption per capita.
The market for wine in Jiangsu Province was about 35 billion yuan by the end of 2018, and the local brand was strong. The consumption of wine in Jiangsu was high and the market capacity was high.
The Chinese sword, Nanchun, Suai, Jinzhou, Qingzhou, Qingzhou, gin and Xiaoxi have set up a development plan for China's economy, which has been set up since the beginning of the Chinese brand. The local brand, Ocean River shares, and today's defenses, together with the cities of the world and the world, account for about 43% of the total market share in 2018.
The market share is far higher than the other brands. Figure 11: The market share of the river shares in Jiangsu is much higher than the other brands.
The company gradually expanded to Suzhou, Wuxi, Xu, and Xu, following the establishment of strategic market leadership in Jiangsu.
Intra-policing market layouts, companies have continued to concentrate their resources on mature markets and have increased in size. Intra-provincial marketing points have increased from 13 in 2008 to 53 in 2018, and the number of distributors has grown well from 210 in 2008 to 2.2.2 in 2018, and the Xin Jiangsu market has expanded in an orderly manner.
From 2006 to 2011, the company moved out of Jiangsubuk Province and made initial nationalization. In 2006, the company began to lay out markets outside Henan, Shandong, Beijing, and Anhui. In 2008, the company set the initial goal of nationalization.
During the course of the year, the company intensified its efforts to promote the nationalization of the market, with sales platforms covering all the country ' s provinces, 333 municipalities and 2,862 districts. Of the country ' s 34 provincial markets, 22 have broken down by billions of yuan, of which Henan province has broken by 1 billion yuan, and the company has completed its initial nationalization objectives.
From 2012 to date, the Xinjiang Su market has expanded rapidly, and the company is in the process of becoming deeply national. In 2012, the company set a goal of deep nationalization, aiming to achieve 300-50 million yuan in sales in non-focused provinces and 10,000 yuan in priority provinces and more than 15 million yuan in municipalities identified as the Xin Jiangsu market.
By mid-2019, the company had formed 570 markets throughout the country, accounting for 70 per cent of the revenue from out-of-provincial sales camps and nationalization, with the latter becoming an important driver of growth.
The annual compound growth rate is about 39%, especially since the recovery of the white industry in 2015, where the growth of the company’s out-of-town market has been much higher than in the provincial market and has been one of the central drivers of income growth. In 2019, the river’s share is expected to be more than $12.7 billion out of the province, rising from 33 pct to 48% of the total revenue from 15% in 2006.
2.3. Channel strategy: Manufacturers lead, Deep Distribution Corporations take the lead in introducing and refining deep distribution patterns in the white wine industry. Ocean River shares pioneered the introduction of channel management concepts in the white wine industry in 2006 and the introduction of deep distribution patterns in low-end white wine operations.
Since 2013, as a result of the impact of the Eight Regulations, the three public consumers have been severely hit, and the company believes that the white wine industry will move towards popularization and rapid digestion, and has therefore begun to promote the full range of modes of deep distribution and gradually develop the Skywork Programme and the Group Buying Project.
The distributors operate the market together with the manufacturer “1+1,” in which the manufacturer dominates the distribution process. The traditional white wine distribution model is that manufacturers are responsible for branding, product arrival and consumer processes, such as manufacturing and advertising inputs.
Business people manage, network develop, end maintenance, showcase and promote enforcement, and dealers are responsible only for logistics and financial flows. Deep distribution models can increase the control of the market and operate in a template and replicable manner.
In the geographical area, companies use secret vendors to reduce the radiation exposure of individual distributors. In the channel structure, there are a number of types of distributors, such as conduits, group buyers, top dealers, etc. The number of stock dealers in the river has increased from 475 in 2008.
In 2018, 316 were added, and the radiation radius was gradually reduced from the provinces and cities to the districts and towns. The company introduced a large number of sales workers, directly connected to retail terminals, to coordinate the management of order and demand at various stages.
A large sales team is needed. In 2018, the number of stock salesmen on the river was over 5,000, or 34 per cent of the total, plus 35,000 members of the fielding team, and the number of sales teams was the highest in the industry.
But, in the second half of 2018, as the profits and thrust of the pipeline fell, the pressure on the growth of the firm grew, falling by 4% and performance by almost 10% throughout 2019. The fall in profit from the pipeline was a short-term firm’s price-raising strategy, a test-oriented error, and a company’s pre-channel model.
The company faces the problem, making timely and targeted adjustments in mid-2019. From the point of view of its policies, we believe that companies have a positive and profound understanding of the problems they face today, and that the proposed adjustments are a cure for the problem and point to the problem at its heart.
Figure 20: Multilayered causes that slow down corporate revenue
The test is oriented to a little "go fast, run" catch.
Importing wine, lined oil, and so on.
Distributors become distributors, loss of price belts in Haitian province, unfocused brands, brands.
Sub-higher competition, rigidity of tests, multiple brands.
Chess, resources cannot be 3.1, channel level: build a new supplier relationship, enhance the dealer's subjective dynamic, deepen the distribution model, the manufacturer dominates the market, and the dealer's subjective dynamic is weakened.
The recovery in the alcohol industry is driven mainly by the growth of high-end and sub-high-end products, and therefore core opinion leaders are crucial in this process. To win the approval of core consumer leaders, alcohol producers need the resources behind the distributors, so that the greater the role of the distributors’ groups in the entire chain of the white wine channel also means that distributors’ bargaining power is rising.
However, in the system of deep distribution, the position of distributors is the role of distributors, and, as the distribution points continue to be broken down and the total profits of distributors are squeezed, the degree to which the subjective dynamics of distributors in branding and size are weakened. Some distributors with greater claims for profits and more desire for development are vulnerable to offline behaviour.
The company had previously been sales-oriented, and business people were motivated to recruit and most of them group buyers, but partially sold.
Without careful screening, lack of matching sales resources behind them, and easy to take a low-priced strategy, the Internet points are trapped in the price of the “prisoner's dilemma” and the transaction price is difficult to make or even fall. In 2017-2018, the company used the “Step Run” pricing strategy, with successive price increases for the blue classic series of products.
In order to raise the price of the plant, the overall price of the product has not risen significantly, which has led to a further reduction in the overall profit margin. The drop in the profit margin of the terminal shop is more pronounced than that of the distributor, the speed of the final cargo flow has slowed, the distributors are more difficult to deliver, the stock is high, the company is not sufficiently flexible to manage, and the firm continues to test hard sales.
As a result, the market continues to repeat the process of recruiting and crushing goods, and the problem of channels accumulates. Figure 21: No significant increase in the price of the blue classic series optimizes the channel structure by introducing a “one-size-fits-all” model and creating new types of supplier relationships.
A deep distribution model leads to a problem of disharmony in the supplier’s relationship, with companies adjusting the channel model to a “one-stop shop, one-stop shop, one-stop shop.” First, a region chooses one of the most powerful channels, leading the channel.
With the contribution of core distributors, small points have brought limited growth, but the practice of pre-deep distribution has led to a proliferation of small points, to the detriment of core distributors. At this stage, companies have been restructured to support the main channel through large-scale participation in market management, which can motivate the main channel. The region is dominated by one dealer, and the number of distributors has decreased.
Second, the rest of the distributors will be supplemented by blank channels of circulation and group purchasing. For the remaining blank channels, as well as sub-channels such as group purchasing, companies will choose distributors whose claims match their sales power.
Third, clean up distributors that do not meet the requirements of the company and optimize the structure of the distributors. In the case of past growth tests, this has led to the inclusion of a large number of distributors that lack the corresponding customer resources, with a greater negative impact on the market order.
The company’s revenue contribution, carefully evaluated, eliminated some of its distributors, and optimized the market order. A major adjustment of the channel model would effectively enhance the overall dynamism of the distributors, optimize the channel order, and strengthen the foundations for the future development of the dream blue.
3.2. Product dimension: Focusing on m6+, opening up the growth space m6 and its upper monolith to stifling the growth space of the company. After a series of blue dreams, corporate marketing resources failed to focus on the dominant monolith.
The dream blue “5a level” was launched in 2010 through fission, with super-high-end products, m3, m6, m9, 2017, which created a card-level “sub-high-end + high-end” product matrix. Under a multi-specule strategy, corporate marketing resources are relatively dispersed, and the trend towards increased brand concentration is evident at this stage, with the industry entering into a “big monolithic power” over the head.
In an era where alcohol companies need to focus on resources to build strategic monoliths.m6 and its top monoliths are based on instability, stifling corporate growth space.
The state cellar brands are a little weak.m6 End prices are not as high as expected because of the pre-channel order. Thus, in product strategy, companies need to focus on re-engineering a single product that clearly represents the brand image of the dream series, pulling the whole series from top to bottom, opening up the room for corporate growth as a whole.
3.2.2, Focus on building m6+ as an aggressive product to boost brand image, and to achieve a breakthrough in leading monolithics, coupled with corporate channel reforms, in mid-2019, the company launched a strategic single m6+. m6+ terminal retail prices were designed to be around $700, while products were kept with a range of classic elements.
Quality, specification, image, and prevention of hypocrisy have been raised, and the product as a whole is more in line with the quest of the elites of the times for quality and aesthetics. Marketing has been defined as “better times, better you,” and, through this expression of personal destiny and age development, has taken over the minds of high-end consumers.
M6+ has a clear advantage in price belt positioning, corporate resources, channel thrust, etc. First, M6+ is located in 600-800 bits, the next consumer upscaling slot in the province, and at this stage there are few participants, which is a better layout window. Second, m6+ pool resources are in one place. Based on a series of actions before and after listing,
The company injects the core resources for the Blue Dream 6+ into wine design, market heat, brand promotion, channel development, terminal layout, etc. Third, the m6+ channel is highly profitable and is represented by the provincial core distributors, and the channel m6+ has been successfully strategically occupied, enabling it to live up to the entire product matrix in heights and lows.
M6+ Strategic dominance will enable the dream blue system to expand prices upward. The dream blue price shift will leave enough room for markets to scalable the company ' s waist and lower-middle-end products. Therefore, M6+ success will be significant for the company. The company will focus on the resource push of m6+ as a strategic list representing the dream blue.
At a price of $600-800, based on a high and low price band, the development of the entire product is facilitated. 3.3. At the organizational management level: soft tests, increased incentives to ensure that tactical actions are put into practice. 3.3.1. The tactical execution of frontline teams deviates from corporate strategies, and channels are not working well.
A lot of tactical performances are off the ground, leading to poor performance, from liquor factories to distributors to consumers. First, the test is too rigid, leading the marketing team to over-emphasize the evaluation of indicators and neglect of market action, formalism in marketing, and many practical problems are not efficiently uploaded.
Second, the marketing array of multiple brands of chess does not allow for precise matching of resources in terms of brand input, grouping, etc., leading to the development of high-end consumers with 3.3.2, organizational structure, resource allocation and targeted adjustments in the way they are evaluated.
Managerial adjustments and marketing reform measures are close to the market reality. President Wang Yiu will no longer be Chairman of the marketing company, and will concentrate on the stock company level and more on strategic corporate planning; and Mr Liu Zhenxian, the new Chairman of the marketing company, was former Vice-Chairman of the marketing company, who has been working on the marketing line for many years.
Re-incentives to boost equity and activate internal dynamics. Companies have not introduced equity incentives since 2006.
In October 2019, in order to fully stimulate the internal dynamics of the team, the company adopted the Repurchase Program of Jiangsuyang Liquor Co. Ltd. for the Repurchase of Part of the Social Public Shares, which totals no less than RMB 1 billion (inclusive) and no more than RMB 1.5 billion (inclusive) and shares are used to support the company.
The measure helps to improve the incentives for companies, stimulate core staff, guarantee the smooth landing of reform measures, and achieve long-term corporate development. The restructuring of the organizational structure, human resources, and the redistribution of market costs, and the creation of a resource-focused blue-collar procurement channel.
In terms of organizational structure, the Blue of Dreams, the Blue of the Sea, the Blue of the Sky, the Blue of the Sea, and the Road of the Blue of the Sky, have been established in each county and city, thus separating the Blue of the Dreams from the Blue of the Sea and the Blue of the Sky from the operational aspects. In particular, the Blue of the Dreams, after the Blue of the Dreams, buys markets and nurtures opinion leaders; the Blue of the Sea, the Blue of the Sky, continues deep distribution, focusing on the channels of circulation.
Second, in terms of human resources allocation, there is no increase in the number of employees, the reduction in the number of employees, the redeployment of staff to the distribution office, the unification of the distribution office, the management and payment of salaries by the distributors, the increase in the voice of the distributors, and the gradual separation of factory personnel from the formalization process in order to cooperate with the distributors' main dream-oriented blue-collar purchases and channels.
In terms of investment, cost inputs have been rationalized in terms of intensity, manner, and regulation, such as displays, dinners, and wine gift policies. Market prices have been kept low as a result of a combination of policies.
Soft tests, tactical moves to reality. The company re-evaluates the indicators and converts plant and ground strength from a network of running points to a market service; no more tests are made on group buyers, no more selections are made for group buyers, no more disqualifying groups, no more group buyers, no more group buyers are prevented from influencing prices; and enhanced market order checks, no more price checks are used as a warehouse check.
To be sure, the real market prices are checked to ensure that work is done.4 The blue of the sea, the blue of the sky, the blue of the dream, which is the main driving force 4.1, the blue of the sea, the blue of the sky, there is still room for growth, and there will be steady growth in the future.
The blues of the sea, the blues of the sky have been changing, and the share of the sea has been rising. Since 2015, the sub-highs and the highs have grown the fastest, and the blues of the sky have slowed to a steady growth phase, with the blues of the sea, the blues of the sky, and the blues of the sea, the blues of the sea, the blues of the sea and the sky, still at the main consumer prices.
This province is growing faster than in the province, where the proportion of people in and out of the ocean in 2018 was about 35% and 65%, and the stability of the blue and blue series in the sky played an important role in stabilizing the growth of the company. By the end of 2018, the blue and blue series in the sea accounted for 26% and 25% of the company’s total white and wine revenues, which together exceeded 50%, and were public.
The company’s positioning of the two in the next few years will be the blues of the sea, which will be the core price of the country’s county and town markets, and the blues of the sky, which will be the core of public business consumption and feasts. The blues of the province’s sea, the blues of the sky, are declining, but there is still room for growth.
The largest 100-300-dollar price belt in the blue and skydark provinces. The dominant consumer price belt in the province, which is close to $10 billion, or 29 per cent, remains the largest price belt in the province, with the ocean river shares accounting for about 55 per cent of the price, with an absolute advantage.
The blues of the sea and the blues of the sky continue to be the basis of demand, and growth will resume when the prices of the channels are right. The provincial markets are subregional, multilayered, with the blues of the sea, the blues of the sky, a 100-300-dollar price belt, and there is still a large demand base in the North and Central regions of the world, which can also meet most of the consumer scenes in the county and township markets.
The main reason for the downside is the company’s proactive control of goods for storage, improved profits, and the right price of the sea’s blue, the sky’s blue channel, which still allows for a return to low growth. Figure 26: The dominance of the ocean’s shares in Jiangsu’s $100-300 white wine market is evident
Figure 25: Jiangsu prices of $100-300, with the white wine market accounting for about 29%, 4.1.2, the sea blue out of the province, and the sky blue are still at a better stage of development, and enjoy the extra-provincial consumption premium.
High, the main white wine prices in most parts of the country are still in the 100-bit range, and the blue price in the sea will remain the core price in the country’s county and township markets in the years to come, and the blue price in the sky is the core price in public business consumption and feasts, and consumption demand is wide.
In terms of competition, the ocean blues, the sky blues, and the locals are the main competitors in the foreign market, and the ocean river shares, one of the eight most famous, are better in terms of alcohol and brand. In terms of market ceilings, the ocean river shares, although initially nationalized, are much larger.
Part of the market size is far from the ceiling. Ocean River shares are below 10% in the “5+2” core market, with an average market share of around 1%, and there is still much room for improvement. 4.2 The dream blue is the main driver of corporate growth.
4.2.1 Sub-high ends will continue to expand, branding and channel power will be the core of competition, sub-high end prices will rise, and industry will continue to expand.
The value section is no longer able to meet the demand for brand power in politics and commerce, while the high-end liquor terminal has been set at over $800, which is too high for most of the feasts, 300-800 price belt brands, high, moderate, balanced face and cost, and is the most competitive price in business consumption and in some of the crowds.
Sub-high-end products take over the past $100-300 price band and become business, popular hospitality, with a 28% annual compound growth rate in industry, the fastest growing price belt. Shares are further concentrated on wine, branding and channel power.
There are a large number of people who, after a major industrial adjustment, return to the low- and medium-priced liquor market of less than $200. According to our estimates, the concentration of the wine market in 2012 was 50%, it was further increased to 70% in 2018, the number of participants was significantly reduced, and the 300-bit range is now the intersection of wine and real estate, 500-bit.
Brand penetration is an important factor in sub-high-end competition, and, in the context of increasing competition, the ability of firms to control channels and their motivation for products will be more tested, so that in sub-high-end competition, brand power, well-channeled liquor companies will emerge.
4.2.2, Dream Blue is a good foundation for nationalization, and the trend towards future growth is an important driver of corporate growth. Dream Blue is growing rapidly and nation-wide is a good foundation. Dream Blue has been launched since 2005 and has grown from $300 to 18% in 2018, second only to Kennan Spring. Dream Blue is outside Jiangsu by virtue of corporate channels.
From 2016 onwards, Sino-North White's main price of alcohol has reached around $200-300, and the South African market has reached 300-500 bits.
At the present time, Jiangsu's sales of white wine products amount to approximately $19.5 billion, or 56% of the total. The dream blue system has a price band of 300 dollars or more, fully enjoying the current provincial consumption uplifting dividends.
The main price segment of the fee, which is 26%, is close to $10 billion. The price segment has a large number of participants, local brands are strong, outside brands are almost always well-focused, and competition is relatively intense.
Channel profits are higher than ocean river shares, so they have grown faster in recent years. But ocean river shares are strong in this segment of the market base and still have a leading share, with the dream blues (including m3, m6) accounting for about 38% of the 300-600 part of the province in 2018.
With fewer participants in the 600-800-bit segment in Su Province, it is now a better layout window. On the one hand, with the opening of the white wine price ceiling and rising prices of high-end wine, the price of 800-dollars has been vacated in the millennia, on the other hand, the consumption of 600-800-dollar white wine in the province is not yet the mainstream, and other brands, including the national v3, are mostly in the layout.
In 2019, the company made an important adjustment to the product line, rolling out m6+, with a terminal retail price of around $700. Sifting core distributors, focus group shopping markets, corporate marketing resources further tilted, and a good m6+ consumer incubator became a 5 billion-grade single item.
Intra-provincial structural upgrading has remained constant, with a wide range of dream blue spaces. Nationally mainstream white wine consumption from $100 to $300 will be a trend. Ocean river shares have initially completed the nationalization of the sea blue, market access has improved, the sea blue digestor is expensive and provides a good basis for consumers to move to dream blue consumption.
By 2018, the blue size of the provincial dream was about 2.5 billion yuan, representing less than 30% of the total out-of-town revenue, and there was no room for improvement in the structure of the out-of-town area as the consumption of white wine rose.
The future corporate focus will lead the dream blues up, the dream blues will continue to grow fast and will be the main driving force behind the growth of the company, and the ocean blues, the blues of the sky blues, the national mainstream consumption price belt for white wine will remain stable.
Cost assumptions: In 2020, it is expected that the backlog of pipeline stocks created by the epidemic will be addressed, with companies investing more in promotion and marketing, higher costs of company sales, management cost rates taking into account both scale and incentive system adjustments, and expected to remain stable, financial cost rates to remain stable, with overall cost rates declining year by year over the period.
The market usually uses a relative valuation method for the food and beverage industry. We value water twice as much as the industry average compared to the major white and wine companies.
A good basis for transformation, with internal and external adjustments in place, streamlined channel interests, upgrading of corporate product structures and nationalization trends, with a significant macroeconomic downside in 2020, could affect business consumption frequency and popular consumption willingness.
In recent years, competition in the provinces has continued to be dominated by competition for market shares, and, if competition has become more intense and the reform of the Department has been less effective than expected, it may have a short-term impact on corporate income and performance.