Strong performance growth, technology upgrading driven core operations Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) Robust growth in performance, technology upgrading driven core operations
In 2025h1, the company achieved a faster 14.30% increase in net profit from non-repatriation, showing strong business resilience in core business. The slowdown in net profit growth was mainly due to the higher income base for fair value changes in financial assets over the same period last year, as well as the construction of new and relocated hospitals.
The increase in fixed costs is due to the addition of assets such as substracting, long-term waiting for amortization. At the cost side, the company ' s 25h1 sales cost is 9.15 per cent, corresponding to 1.47 pct, refined management effectiveness. At the operational level, the company ' s operations are steadily moving forward, with 25h1 reaching outpatient coverage.
By breaking up the revenue structure, the company’s core business is more expensive: The Leaning Light Project: to achieve a revenue of $4.618 billion (+11.14%) and a sharper speed. By introducing new generation surgical equipment and techniques such as Chasevisumax 800, Smilepro, etc.
The company continues to promote the 5-p near-view control model, and the brand’s influence continues to grow.
The cataracts project: 1.78 billion yuan (+2.64 per cent) has been realized. In the context of the health-care-paying reform, companies have achieved a steady growth in the multilayered needs of patients by promoting technologies such as flying-second cataracts and multi-focal crystals.
During the reporting period, the company accelerated the application of the "ai + ophthalmology" and launched the "ai ophthalmologist."
1. [Waan’s Medicine] Company evaluates El ophthalmologist’s intellectual development and deepens its collaboration with institutions such as the Chinese Academy Institute of Calculators, Hua Ying Yun, etc. (G) (300015.sz): Performance is a bit stressful and operationally resilient.
The Division has made a breakthrough in the use of data resources development by consolidating 28 high-quality ophthalmological data sets, containing more than 100,000 cases of scarce medical records, and by launching seven data products that have been listed on the data exchange to actively promote the tabulation of data resources.
On 30 June of that year, the company had 355 hospitals, 240 clinics in the country, and a major hospital project was under way in Beijing. There were 169 ophthalmological centres and clinics outside the country, and global resource integration capacity continued to increase.
In the reporting period, organizational change groups were set up to provide a solid basis for long-term, high-quality development through the establishment of management committees in the Qin and Qin Qin regions, and the deepening of models such as “regional integration”, “urban integration” and “urban integration”.
Experience with field investment and secondary market research. Using legally compliant information, the present report is presented independently and objectively. Data and information used in this report are from open market information. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of these information, nor do I guarantee that the information and recommendations contained in the report will not change in any way.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.