Mid-year 2025: Upgrade of the Routine List, focusing on new technology promotion, organizational change, net cash flow from overseas development activities of $3.4 billion (+20 per cent). The Māori sales rate fell by 0.88 pct, sales costs
The decrease in the same rate was 1.47 pct, the same rate as in the administrative rate, the decline in the Maori rate was due to the low rate of acquisition of medical care by 24q3, the increase in depreciation amortization due to the upgrading of equipment such as new hospitals and kurning, and the decrease in the price of cataracts due to changes in health policies.
• Core business: Routine passenger unit price recovery, cataract concentration digestion. 1) Routine business: leading to a new generation of visumax 800 and microscopic surgery smilepro, with a flat price rise, reversing price-war trends. 2) Old flower surgery layout: Cheng has opened an old-sighted clinic in many places and will continue to do so.
The creation of an old-age group, drawing on European and American experience, could be a potential revolutionary growth point in the future. 3) Cataract operations: 25h1 growth by surgeries.
A high-quality ophthalmological data set.  Organizational restructuring to improve overall business efficiency. In January 2025, the company set up a steering group for organizational change to promote professionalization, rejuvenation of teams, pooling of resources and efficiency.
(b) Optimization of the model of “separate governance” with the multi-chamber model to be managed in the provinces/cities; and (c) development of young cadres in positions such as ceo, director of operations, etc.  Profit forecasting and investment rating: we maintain the company's expected net profit return for the period 2025-2027
Quarterly reviews: 24 years of robust business growth, and as consumption demand is further released, the ophthalmology sector still has good development space, with a return to high growth in W 25o1
El ophthalmology (300015): Three-quarterly report 2024: Stocktaking: Performance overstretched, extended M & As strategy maintained East Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, is qualified for portfolio investment advisory business.