El ophthalmology (300015.sz)
The growth rate of the 2025h1 company has recovered steadily, and profits have remained almost equal. The 2025h1 company achieved 11.507 billion yuan in operating income, an increase of 9.1 per cent compared with the previous year; the net return to the mother was 2,051 million yuan, an increase of 0.1 per cent compared with the previous year, as the population ' s awareness of the health of the eye increased and the demand for high-end eye care increased.
Long, the size of the company’s operations and the weight of its brands continue to show. The company’s 2025h1 benefits from a flat price increase from new techniques such as full light, full flight seconds 4.0 and full flight seconds pro, as well as further improvements in the domestic and external medical network, with a steady recovery in operating income; the profit side is depreciated by the new hospital.
The impact of increased amortization and the upgrading of tangent equipment is almost equal. It is expected that the trend of rising corporate growth is expected to continue with the company’s retrenchment and new techniques, slower price volatility in the cataract sector, and the expansion of the company’s internal and external business layout.
The strategy continues to make progress, with a gradual improvement in the network and a growing impact on scale. As of the end of June 2025, the company had 355 in-country hospitals, 240 outpatient clinics, and several overseas institutions such as the Asian Medical Service in Hong Kong, and the Mingwang Eye Centre in the United States.
Cost rates are well controlled and profit levels have slightly decreased over the same period. The sales cost rate for company 2025h1 is 9.1%, R & D 1.4% (-0.1 pp). The company continues to optimize efficiency measures and costs control water. The profit rate has declined slightly, mainly because some new M & A hospitals continue to raise their inter-district rates, and new hospitals are amortized.
El ophthalmology (300015.sz)-2024 performed well throughout the year, with 25q1 performance Investment proposal: taking into account, among other things, that the speed of growth in corporate cataract business income is being collected, we slightly consider that it is not possible for the company to be able to do so.
Downscaling the company's operating income projections; also due to depreciation of new equipment and amortization of the cost of the new hospital, slightly " El ophthalmology (300015.sz) - short-term growth pressure, continued orderly follow-up of hospital acquisitions " El ophthalmology (300015.sz) - 20 per cent increase in the mother's net profit in the first half of the year on a year-on-year basis, sea "
The first quarter of 2024 saw a similar increase in the net return to the mother.
115.07 billion yuan, representing an increase of 9.1 per cent in the same year; the net return to the mother is 2,051 million yuan, representing an increase of 0.1 per cent in the same year, and the size of the company ' s operations and brand influences continue to emerge as a result of rising awareness of the health of the population ' s eyes and the demand for high-end eye care services.
The increase in unit prices brought about by new techniques such as full fly-second pros and the further improvement of the network of medical care, both within and outside the country, and the steady recovery of revenue; the profit side, influenced by the increased depreciation amortization of new hospitals and the upgrading of tangential equipment, is almost equal. It is expected to slow down with the company’s exposure to new techniques, price fluctuations in the cataract industry and the resulting increase in the price of the cataract industry.
The company’s business profile, both within and outside the country, is expanding, and the trend is expected to continue. Figure 2: El ophthalmology’s one-quarter operating income and rate of increase (in billions of dollars, per cent) Figure 3: El ophthalmology’s net profit return and rate of increase (in billions, per cent)
Figure 4: The net profit and increase (in billions, per cent) in El ophthalmology is a single season, with 25h1 outpatient consultations and surgeries rising, with a rise in the flow of draughts and visuals. 2025h1 achieving the number of outpatients, with KD 4,618 million (+1.1 per cent) and CLD 1,781 million (+2.6 per cent).
The PVS project generated $2.720 billion (+14.7%), with balanced growth of the business plates, and increased growth in the PVS. The company's “1+8+n” strategy continued to make progress, with a gradual completion of the network of level-based consultations and a growing impact on scale, with 355 hospitals in the country, outpatients and clinics as of the end of June 2025.
There are 240 companies in Hong Kong, as well as several overseas institutions, such as the Asian Medical Service, and the United States Mingwang Eye Centre. Cost controls are good, with profit levels falling slightly in the same year.
This decrease is mainly due to the fact that the Māori ratio of some new Māori Māori Māori hospitals is still rising between districts, the amortization of new hospitals and the collection of light equipment The net operating cash flow is increasing by the same percentage and the cash on the books is sufficient. The net operating cash flow of 2025h1 is 34.02 billion yuan, an increase of 19.7 per cent from the same year, and is largely the result of an increase in the size of the collection.
At the end of 2025h1, the company’s book currency funds, amounting to $5.25 billion, remained at a high level, guaranteeing sufficient cash reserves for hospital expansion and market expansion.
The company continues to work on building subjects, building on clinical practices, innovation in scientific research, and human development, with a view to improving the capacity of medical services. The company continues to introduce state-of-the-art equipment and technology to optimize clinical paths and strengthen the centres for the treatment of diseases.
Building, promoting individualization, precision management, and building an integrated innovation system through scientific platforms and multidisciplinary teams. On a one-size-fits-all basis, the company speeds up the development of the ophthalmology of the ophthalmology of the ophthalmology of the ophthalmology of the ophthalmology platform, the ophthalmology of the ophthalmology of the ophthalmology of the ophthalmology of the ophthalmology of the ophthalmology of the ophthalm and the analysis of the data of the ai of the clinical, scientific research and the management of the whole chain of the whole chain.
In cooperation with China and others, the “aiforeye” strategy has been set up to facilitate the digitalization and intellectual transformation of ophthalmology. Investment proposals: We have slightly reduced the company’s operating income projections, taking into account the fact that the company’s growth in cataracts is influenced by such factors as the collection of revenues; and slightly reduced throughout the year due to the depreciation of new equipment and the amortization of the cost of the new hospital.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject