The main business is well run, priority projects are well advanced, non-ferrous and industrial metals are stable and asset-liability rates are declining.
In the first half of the year, the company achieved 8.23 million tons of aluminium metallurgical oxides (-90.5% of the year), 1.88 million tons of aluminium fine oxides (+5.13% of the year), 3.06 million tons of aluminium electrolysis (-5.57% of the year), 6.22 million tons of coal (-11.67% of the year),
The construction of the tons of electrolytic aluminium project began in March of this year, as did the 2 million tons of aluminium oxide project in Guangxihua. The electrolytic aluminum production capacity is approaching the ceiling and the completion + new energy pull demand.
China's aluminium industry (60160.0.sh) - large-scale colored penguins with a complete chain of aluminium industries are either on or near the top. At the demand end, there is a greater resilience to the completion of real estate this year, and demand for aluminium in the building property domain is expected to increase from 7.57 million tons in 2022 to 8.33 million tons, a 10% increase over the same period;
In addition, photovoltaics, electric cars, and wind power in the new energy sector will continue to make a positive contribution to the demand for aluminium. The higher-than-expected policy risk that metal prices will be suppressed, and that the price of raw materials will rise significantly, leading to a decline in aluminum profitability.
To the company’s large and colorful leader, with a complete aluminium industry chain, and with the ability to expand its capacity in the presence of a ceiling, it maintains a “growth” rating. The asset-liability ratio continues to decline, with priority projects moving ahead in an orderly manner.
In the first half of the year, net corporate interest rates were 4.17%, compared to a gross profit of $6,729 million, an increase of $685 million in the ring, and an increase of $773 million in the R & D round.
Figure 6: Changes in the Chinese aluminium industry roe, roic (%): Māori rates and net interest rate changes in the Chinese aluminium industry (%)
Aluminium oxide production 8.23 million tons (compared to 9.05 per cent for the same period in the previous year), 1.88 million tons (1.79 million for the same period in the previous year, compared to 5.13 per cent for the same period), 30.6 million tons of electrolytic aluminium (3.24 million for the same period in the previous year, compared to 5.57 per cent for the same period), 6.22 million tons of coal production (5.57 million for the same period in the previous year, compared to 11.67 per cent for the same period), and total
With 17.8 billion kilowatt-hours of electricity generated (1.87 million tons in the same period in the previous year, compared to 4.81 per cent in the same year), the decline in primary aluminium production was mainly due to production restrictions in south-west Asia. With regard to priority projects, the construction of three volumes of 420,000 tons of electrolytic aluminium in the Inner Mongolia Clouds project began in March this year, and the 2 million tons of aluminium oxide project in Guangxihua was successfully launched.
At the same time, the company has accelerated the development of its products to the upper and middle ends: 12 new projects for fine aluminium oxide, the construction of lithium cell diaphragm materials, and the construction of the micro-aluminum powder hydrogen oxide project.
After the supply side reform, henan and Shandong regions transfer their production capacity to areas of Inner Mongolia where the cost of power generation is low, or Yunnan, Sichuan and Guangxi, where cheap hydropower resources are available, due to cost or carbon emission pressures.
At the end of the demand, data on the start-up and completion of domestic real estate in 2022 are low, and in 2023, the end of real estate was shot up.
Larger, demand for aluminium in the construction property sector is expected to increase from 7.57 million tons in 2022 to 8.33 million tons, a 10 per cent increase over the same period; in the new energy sector, photovoltaics, electric cars, wind power will continue to shape demand for aluminium, with the risk of metal prices being suppressed as a result of over-expected policies; and raw materials such as electricity, aluminium oxide, etc., will go up dramatically.
The risk is that the profitability of electrolytic aluminium will decline. The conglomerates, with their entire aluminium industry chain, still have the capacity to expand when the industry’s production capacity is slated, and maintain an “enhanced” rating.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject