\triangleright Chinese aluminium (60160.sh)
On the profit side, the company ' s profit on aluminum plate H1 is 13.22 billion yuan, compared to 3,942 million yuan in electrolysis plate profit, which is 3.57 billion yuan less than in the same period last year, and the decline in profit is mainly due to the fall in aluminium prices, while the production of aluminum in Yunnan Province is reduced as a result of restrictions on production.
Delayed performance (aluminium h1 output drops by 310,000 tons per year, company q2 returns net profit by year, q2 falls by volume (premature anode q2 average price of $5,485 per tonne, a 30.2 per cent decline in year), ring falls, priority projects accelerate implementation, and the advantage of industrial chain integration gradually emerges: 1 Aluminium share agreement transfer
\triangleright its 100,000-ton/year electrolytic aluminum idle capacity index for the company subsidiary, Qing Hai Branch; Inner Mongolia, 3 issues of 420,000-ton electrolytic aluminium project are under construction; and the Chinese-Ingent material electrolysis cell is nearing the end of the process
We expect to see an increase of 620,000 tons per year in the capacity of the full-capable company for electrolytic aluminium, which will continue to benefit from the growth in capacity when industrial capacity is scarce.2 The company continues to accelerate access to domestic and external resources, adding additional domestic bauxite resources in the first half of the year.
Twenty-one million tons. In addition, the 2-m2 Aluminium Oxide project in Guangxihua was successfully advanced, Silver Star, the 250mw Photovoltaics project in Ningdong energy grid-connected power generation, the 91.8mw windmill rehabilitation project in Heran Hill resumed work, and five distributed photovoltaic power projects were launched in Central Altoyama and Shanxi Yu.
Once all of the above projects are put into production, the advantages of corporate industrial chain integration continue to emerge, and electrolytic aluminium green power ratios are expected to rise further. Demand is low, and the upward trend in aluminium prices continues to be positive: short-term re-product growth or supply.
\triangleright is disruptive, but the current demand is stimulated by domestic good-interest policies, with low performances, aluminium bars and aluminum ingots still holding up the stock. At the profit end, the average net profit in the current industry is maintained.
The $1,800-1900 per ton is high in historical profit areas. We expect that, along with the season of demand, Yunnan will continue to support the upward trend in aluminum prices, and the profitability of the industry is expected to continue to grow.
Sunda Securities Co. Ltd. \triangleright cindasecuritiesco.,ltd
In Beijing, building No. 1 of the 9th Alteration Street in the west corner of the city, considering the advantages of the company's integrated industrial chain, aluminium prices are expected to maintain the upward trend and maintain the company's risk factors: demand for electrolytic aluminium is less than expected, and Yunnan's production of electrolytic aluminium is limited.
\triangleright took office as a member of the business securities, civil securities, and joined the Sunda securities in 2023. He was the second member (core member) in the twentieth edition of the New Wealth Metals and New Materials, the third member (core member) in the nineteenth session of the New Wealth Metals and New Materials, the second member in the sixteenth Crystalball Award for Non-ferrous Metals, and the tenth wind.
Chen Guanghui, Master of Metallurgical Engineering, University of China and South China, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in August 2022 for research on energy metals, including battery metals; Yunlin, Master of Financial Science, George Washington University, in March 2020 for research on aluminium lead zinc and precious metals; White Purple, Master of Regional Economics, University of Gilling, in July 2021 for research on light metals, lithium cobalt, etc.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.