Deepen retail and light capital strategic city comptoirs — Ningpo Bank (002142.sz)
On 28 June 2021, experience and technical support were provided as a result of the war; furthermore, the number of corporate executives holding 0.09 per cent of the shares and the higher market value of the holdings triggered a multiplicity of incentives for executives to develop operations and manage risks.
Cao Xute Core executive stability: corporate key managers have been in key positions in the company for more than 10 years, with clear strategic planning, a strategic objective plan of “three years” in 2010 with strong implementation and operational effectiveness over the past 10 years
Accompanied by ice, high growth and high quality: a company is growing fast on the basis of keeping its risk bottom line. Assets are growing faster among listed banks with more than $1 trillion in size.
The net profit was $15.5 billion (yoy+9.7%) and three years in a row led by a partner. In 20 years, the company ' s non-performing lending rate was only 0.79%, with a provision coverage of up to 505.5%, and a greater risk resilience. Assuming that the allowance coverage was restored to the urban comptoir average of 290.6%, the company calculated a cutback.
The company has set up a “one-wing” development strategy with a long triangle and a two-wing “one-wing” of the Pearl Triangle and the Ring Bay. The company’s loans are mainly directed to Jiang Zing, the most economically advanced region in the country, and commercial banks’ non-performing loans.
The rate is low, 1.04% and 0.91%, respectively, and there are more small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs). Continued strengthening of risk management in economically developed regions is an important basis and guarantee for companies to achieve sustainable development.
In the future, as firms push regional business points to sink to large communities and strong townships, the number of clients will maintain high growth, leading to high growth in operating income. The lending business is growing rapidly: the company is based on consumer lending, and is vigorously developing a lending business.
After 16 years of steady growth in consumer lending, the company began to develop its own business, ensuring only rapid growth in size and maintaining a high rate of return on individual loans. 8.9 per cent did not reach the ceiling of 17.5 per cent for individual housing loans from urban commercial banks.
Good investment capacity: since 10 years, companies have judged the market accurately and demonstrated excellent investment capacity. Given the relatively high share of corporate-type assets, interest income and investment returns from investment assets will continue.
Expanding the business of light assets: Companies’ fees and net revenue from commissions are ranked first among the city’s comptoirs. Companies’ fees and commissions will continue to grow steadily in the future, thanks to the fast growth of their individual clients and the good operation of their win-win funds and finance.
Ningpo Bank was established in 1997 with 17 former urban credit unions in Ningpo City, a joint urban credit union and four offices attached to the United Association of Urban Credit Unions.
The Bo Bank raised more than $4 billion to become the first city commercial bank to be listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange. The Department has been working to create diversified profit centers, now forming corporate banks, retail companies, personal banks, wealth management, private banks, credit cards, financial markets, investment banks, asset trusts, paper business, etc.
Fifteen profit centres with three subsidiaries of win-win funds, win-win leases, and finance. 1.1 Pluralized equity structure
Investment Group Limited, with 18.72% of shares, and the Bank of Hong Kong, Singapore, with 18.67%, respectively, show the importance and role of the Bank as a strategic investor. The third largest shareholder, the Yagor Group, has limited ownership to private companies, helping to market business and business innovation.
In 2006, Bank Ningbo introduced the Bank as a strategic investor, cooperating with the Bank in areas such as risk management, internal auditing, personal operations, financial operations, information technology, and learning from the Bank's best practices.
The cooperation between the two sides has been crucial in the development of the company: in terms of capital money, the Chinese diaspora has expanded its access to capital replenishment. In 2007, the number of such banks was 250 million, and the number of such banks rose to 1,120 million, or about 18.7 per cent of the total.
Capital supplementation enhances the economic and risk-proofing capacity of corporate service entities, and the sustainable development of companies, in retail companies, builds on and builds on the best experience and technology of the CBOs in their operations, especially in the services of small and medium-sized enterprises, and combines their own characteristics with those of the local market in order to refine and recreate their companies.
Business organizational structure, strategic expansion and restructuring of distribution networks: In the area of risk control, new risk monitoring and measurement tools have been introduced to strengthen risk management and control, based on the mature management techniques and processes of the CBOs.
In terms of the introduction of talent, China’s foreign banks have introduced international executives, set up an international management team, and provided support for business development by organizing staff exchange and learning to improve the talent development system. In 2017, the two sides renewed their strategic cooperation agreements, which have been renewed for a further 10 years.
1.1.2 Senior Management Holdings: For the month of deep binding of the company and its personal interests, the company ' s employee unit is 398 million shares, of which the executive holds 42.2 million shares, with the full circulation of the rest of the employee shares except for the transfer of directors, supervisors and senior management according to the transfer of up to 25 per cent of the shares held during the year.
While executives have lost most of their shares since the company was listed, as of 2021q1, executives still hold 5.2 million shares, or 0.09 per cent of the total, with a higher market value, deep binding of company and individual interests, and stimulating a wide range of incentives for executives to open their businesses, manage risks, etc.
1.2 Excellence in managerial competencies Corporate core managers are stable and have clear strategic objectives. Companies use the strategy of “big banks don't do well, small banks don't do it” as a strategy to pool resources to develop large retail operations, deep-cultivate high-quality areas such as long triangles, and continue to build up.
The comparative advantage of varying fields has been well established for the high growth and high quality of its operations. Mr. Luo Huayuan, Chairman of the Board, served as President of the Corporation for over 20 years from 2000 to 2005, and Mr. Hong Li Feng, Director General, served as Vice-President of the Corporation for nearly 20 years from 2003 to 2015.
The company’s core management has been stable, familiar with the company’s operations, and it has been very effective over the past decade. Ningbo’s strategy is to explore the differences between small and medium-sized banks, using the term “big banks can’t do well, small banks” as a strategy.
Small and medium-sized banks have far less access to customer resources than large banks, but they are more familiar with local small businesses and individual customers.
Ningpo Bank focuses on exploiting the needs of potential local clients. Management uses three years as a time point to plan very clearly for the company’s future development and has a strong executive power to drive business.
In addition to the “three-year” strategic objectives proposed by Bank Ningpo since 2010, specific implementation plans have been proposed, such as the medium- and long-term capital plan, the “211” project and the “123” client coverage plan, which are presented every three years.
In 2018, Bank Ningpo launched the “211” project, which aims to achieve a high rate of growth in its operations over a three-year period from 2018 to 2020 for 20,000 individual bank clients per branch.
In 2019, the Bank of Ningbo, building on Project 211, launched the “123” client coverage scheme, which is designed to achieve individual banks per branch over a period of three to five years.
To achieve 10 per cent coverage of the local household population, 20 per cent coverage of the target clients of retail companies for micro-enterprises, 30 per cent coverage of the clients of companies with banks of higher size and higher size.
Ningpo Bank assets grew faster in size, profit-making ahead of business, and homecoming net profits ranked first among listed banks for the third year in a row. While maintaining high growth, the quality of corporate assets remained high.
In 2020, the size of the bank ' s assets was 1.63 trillion yuan, an increase of 23.5 per cent in the same year, and in five years the capr was 17.8 per cent, the fastest growing bank in comparison with all the listed banks with assets of more than $1 trillion. The average size of the interest-bearing assets was 1.55 trillion yuan, an increase of 36.4 per cent in the same year.
The size of 21q1 assets increased by 5.9 to 1.72 trillion yuan from the beginning of the year. In an environment affected by the epidemic, Ningpo Bank ' s lending and intermediary operations continued to grow at a very high rate, generating 17.2 per cent growth in operating income, even in an environment characterized by harsher and less well-defined standards, Ningpo Bank I
The firm ' s 20-year set-aside erosion of profits has resulted in high growth in corporate profits. 21q1 achieved $13.23 billion in revenue and $4.735 billion in net profit returns to the mother, an increase of 18.3 per cent.
Using data from the annual reports for 2010 to 2020, which were used as a reference for the 16 old listed banks, we account for the performance of Bank Ningpo and the 16 older listed banks over the past 10 years. It is worth noting that net interest income and fees and commission net income factors are aberrations in calculus and cannot be compared directly.
However, other factors are comparable. This is because banks differ in their accounting treatment of credit card instalments of income until 20-year-old reports have been regulated to include credit card instalments in interest income: one group includes all or part of the instalments of income in interest income, and the corresponding assets are classified as interest-bearing assets, such as commercial silver.
As of 2015, credit card instalments are fully credited to interest income, and similar adjustments were made in mid-2019 by the Credit Bank and the Great Light Bank; the other category includes instalments of income into fees and commissions, such as Ningpo Bank.
The discounts and advances, which do not include buy-backs and sale-backs, do not include discounts and advances for 2014-2019, but include buy-backs and sale-backs for 2020 and retroactive adjustments for 2013 and 2019 for 2020 and 2020 data.
2.2.1 An increase in the business income of the Ningbo Bank is greater than the industry average. The result of this attribution of performance is a significant increase in the business income of the Ningpo Bank over the industry average from 2011 to 2020, which can be broken down into two stages:
The first phase, 2011-2016, saw a significant increase in bank revenues in Ningpo, which was driven mainly by interest-bearing asset size and net revenue from fees and commissions: interest-bearing asset size was largely driven by portfolio size, with portfolio size of five years cagr 61.2 per cent.
The period 2011-2015 is due mainly to the significant expansion of high-yield unvalued markets, and the continued growth of non-routine fees and net revenue from commissions, such as corporate investment in property items, which contribute more to the growth rate of revenue collection. Through a combination of financial advantages, companies continue to promote intermediate business transformation innovation and income structure optimization, wealth management, and profit centres such as credit cards.
The ability to do so has led to a significant increase in revenue from proxy commissioning and bank cards. On the one hand, companies have continued to optimize their wealth management revenue structure, moving from a financial bias to a comprehensive wealth management approach, with funds, insurance, gold sales, etc. having developed faster, and on the other hand, by deepening their clients and upgrading their marketing.
The model is no longer sustainable, and overall the growth rate of operating income has declined compared to the first phase, and the growth of operating income has been driven largely by client lending and advances, as well as other non-interest income factors.
Given the higher impact of net corporate interest income, we attribute the impact of net interest income to the fact that clients’ loans and advances were found to be the main contributors at this stage. A pattern of growth in net interest income driven by portfolio investment is no longer sustainable as a result of the new regulations governing capital.
Phases of portfolio investment have contributed more steadily to net interest income. (The significant increase in data from 2019 from the new financial instruments guidelines and other non-interest-bearing income is due to the firm’s excellent investment capacity.) The new regulations governing the financing of corporate investment finance fees and commission net revenue, etc., were influenced by the new regulations and the increase in corporate agency commissioning in 2017-2018.
Starting in 2020, credit card charges are no longer accounted for as charges and commission net revenue, but rather as interest income.
Ningpo Bank assets are of excellent quality. The company adheres to the risk concept that “risk control is cost reduction”, with the bottom line of risk as the most fundamental business objective in its planning over the years, and the effectiveness of risk management measures is becoming apparent. In 2011-2020, the Ningpo Bank ' s non-performing lending rate remained below 1%, starting in 2015.
The region’s economic advantage sets the basis for the quality of Ningbo Bank’s assets. Ningpo Bank has been working for many years in the river, and is working for the locals.
The high level of familiarity with businesses and the continued strengthening of risk controls in economically developed regions have made Ningpo Bank assets superior to those of other colleagues. Jiangsu and Zhejiang, one of the most economically advanced regions in the country, have been growing faster than the national economy since 17 years, at a similar rate, with strong economic growth.
The commercial bank ' s non-performing lending rate is 1.04 per cent and 0.91 per cent, respectively, and is low in the country ' s provinces and municipalities. Figure 7: Economicly developed Jiang Zhe Region has maintained a high level of coverage.
The rate of growth has been delayed by the fact that the company ' s provision has increased from 275.39 per cent due to its low rate of production, to the year 2020 affected by the epidemic, which has increased, and Ningpo Bank has written off $2.86 billion in bad assets with sufficient provision, which has led to a decline in the provision coverage, but still stands at 505.5 per cent, ranking first among the listed banks.
Taking into account that Ningpo Bank has a high level of coverage, which causes a certain erosion of profits, assuming that the provision coverage is returned to the industry average (the average coverage for other upper-market comptoirs was 290.6 per cent in 2020), Ningpo Bank is prepared to reduce the reduction in the margin by 11.13 billion yuan, or 78 per cent of the net profit for 20 years.
2.2.3 The significant expansion of the Ningbo Bank has resulted in faster operating costs than industry. Starting in 2015, the company ' s operating costs have been slow to increase net profits, mainly due to business expansion, service upgrades, workforce development and accelerated deployment of network institutions, and human and technological inputs.
This increase is expected to result in a steady increase in the productivity and efficiency of the company in all areas and a gradual slowdown in staff costs as strategic staffing of the company is gradually put in place, structured talent development becomes more effective and the digital marketing system continues to be upgraded.
3. Strong development of individual lending to high-quality areas 3.1 Strong development of individual lending based on consumer lending The Ningpo Bank is unique in its lending structure and personal consumer lending continues to grow at a high rate until 2013.
Housing loans account for a large proportion of the company ' s individual loans. Since 2014, the company has included products such as the development of white-collar households and the continuous optimization of large instalments in its business development plan. Since then, the company has been active in the consumer finance sector.
The share of housing loans has fallen to 1.6 per cent, while the share of consumer loans has reached 79 per cent. In 2016, following the steady stabilization of the personal consumption lending industry, the company began to develop individual loans, with five years of cagr 77.4 per cent, and by 2020 the share of total individual loans amounted to 22.9 per cent, which is an important factor in the rapid growth of total individual loans.
This business model not only ensures rapid growth in size, but also keeps the rate of return on individual company loans at a relatively high level. By contrast, the choice is made of merchant banks, safe banks, and business banks, which are also oriented towards the development of retail businesses, where individual lending is focused on individual housing loans and interest rates are relatively high.
The Bank of Peace’s personal lending operations are more diversified and its interest rates are relatively high, but at the same time they are higher than those of industry and recruitment. The Bank of Ningpo is unique in its personal lending structure, focusing mainly on personal consumption loans with the highest rate of interest collection and a higher rate of failure than mortgage loans.
The average interest rate on individual loans in 2020 was 7.79 per cent, while interest income on individual loans amounted to $16.3 billion, or 28.7 per cent of the total interest earned.
With 25.7 per cent growth compared to the previous year, there has been a high increase in individual housing loans and individual business loans, with individual housing loans/individuals accounting for about 8.9 per cent, while not reaching the 17.5 per cent ceiling on individual housing loans for urban commercial banks. However, given the current tightening of property regulations, it is difficult to sustain a future trend of growth in corporate individual housing loans.
3.2 Sustained market lending to sustain high growth Ningpo Bank establishes a “one-wing” development strategy. Quality operating areas are an important basis and guarantee for companies to achieve sustainable development. In the institutional layout, companies have established long triangles, with bead triangles, ring bays, etc.
The two-wing “one wing” development strategy, all of which are the most economically advanced regions of China, offers a wide range of potential clients and business expansion space. “One”: Ningpo Bank loans were directed to the region, mainly in Zhejiang and Jiangsu provinces, in 2020.
As of June 2021, Ningpo Bank had branches in 11 local municipalities in Zhejiang province, providing full coverage for Zhejiang province. In 2020, the company created 32 new institutions in Zhejiang province, 4 new institutions in Jiangsu province and 3 new institutions in Shanghai city.
“Two Wings”: In parallel with the consolidation of the long-triangular regional operations, Ningpo Bank has also been developing the Pearl Triangle, the Ring Sea regional operations, with the establishment of the Shenzhen branch, the Beijing branch, and 30 counterpart institutions.
The Environmental Assessment Report on SME Development 2020, issued by the China Centre for SME Development, provides an objective assessment of the overall situation of the SME development environment in 36 cities and of specific environmental situations such as “market environment, policy environment, innovation environment, rule of law environment and financing environment”, including Shanghai, South and the Long Triangle.
Kyoto, Hangzhou, and Ningbo became the most “friendly” areas in the country for SMEs. Farming in high-quality soil, the Ningbo Bank retail company business grew rapidly. 2020/21q1, the total amount of corporate loans to the public was $369.9 billion/40.23 billion, and in 2020, the number of retail customers of companies increased by 64,000 from the beginning of the year; the balance of customer deposits was 1168.
The company ' s overall weighted average yield on public loans is 5.09 per cent, which is 43bps and 8bps higher than the other city comptoirs in the Triangular region, such as the Bank of Shanghai and the Bank of Suzhou, respectively, benefiting from the firm ' s stronger pricing capacity for SMEs. In 2020, Ningpo Bank ' s loan interest income amounted to 17.5 billion yuan, or 31 per cent of the total interest income.
The company’s lending balance is high and its growth space is limited in the Ningbo region. Since 14 years, the company has been working hard on the consumer lending market, and six years have passed since the consumer lending product and the business system matured. In 2019, the company’s loans to the Ningbo region totalled $215.96 billion, while in 2019 the Ningpo region was left with loans.
In addition to the fact that the real individual housing loans account for a relatively high loan balance in the Ningbo region, the company will focus its future on increasing the layout of the Jiangsu region and the Zhejiang region.
In 2016 and 2017, attempts were made to increase the layout of the area outside Ningbo, but as a result of the phased results of the operation, the rate of non-performing loans in Guangdong Province is much higher than in other regions, and in Shanghai and Beijing it is not high, but it is high, and the overall rate of badness in Jiangsu is relatively manageable. Thus, in 18-20, the company invested in developing Jiangsu’s business.
As a result, Jiangsu and other cities in Zhejiang Province, with the exception of Ningbo Province, are the focus areas of the company’s future business development.
The economy is well advanced, the demand for loans is stronger, and the lending balance of financial institutions is growing faster than ever. In the future, as firms push regional business points to sink to large communities and strong towns, the number of corporate clients will maintain high growth, leading to high growth in business incomes.
From 2010 onwards, Ningpo Bank ' s market judgement was accurate and demonstrated excellent investment capacity: from 2011 to 2015, companies increased the allocation of non-target assets, and the size of non-target assets, such as corporate investment property, increased from 17.31 billion yuan to $232.96 billion, and four years ' capr 91.5 per cent, with non-target assets as a ratio of investment assets
Even before financial deleveraging, companies reduced their unattended asset allocation ahead of time, increasing their equity investments by about 5 per cent on a year-on-year basis in 2016, and, taking into account the IMF tax exemption, the actual pre-tax revenue was about 6.67 per cent, well above the rate of return on interest-rate debt over the same period.
Each year, the company seized the bond band trading opportunity, the company seized the bond allocation opportunity in 2020 to earn investment returns, and the investment-related assets of Ningpo Bank remained high. In 2020, the investment-related assets of Ningpo Bank amounted to $758.9 billion, and in five years, 25 per cent of the total assets, with 47 per cent of the total assets, ranked among the listed banks.
Millions of dollars, with a more balanced distribution. The larger share of investment assets is invested in government bonds (39.5%), funds investments, and we believe that companies will maintain excellent investment capacity, given the higher share of corporate investment assets, by investment capital figure 16: higher share of investment assets.
5. Maintaining a strategic commitment to the expansion of light capital operations Development of wealth management operations leads to faster growth of fees and commission revenues.
The net revenue from commissions is as high as 15.4% of its total operating income, which is 17.6% below the average share-stock bank, and far above other municipal comptoirs. By composition, the company’s agent commissioning operations have expanded over the past few years, leading to a sustained increase in fees and commissions. 2020, the company achieved fees and commissions.
Billions of yuan, an increase of 34.4% in the same year, 21q1, the net revenue of the company from fees and commissions of 1,792 million yuan, of which the money, thanks to the rapid growth of the company’s individual clients and the good operation of two subsidiaries, will keep the company’s fees and commissions growing steadily. Future wealth management business development is divided into two main components:
The first part is for companies to sell their products. Individual clients grow faster and have the basis for developing wealth management business. 1.21 million individual clients, or 1.45 million more than at the end of the previous year, or 14 per cent more. The wealth business platinum and above account for 388,000 clients, or 12.5 per cent more than at the end of the previous year.
This represents an increase of 2,223 households, or 41 per cent, and the total financial assets of private bank clients, $95.8 billion more than at the end of the previous year, or 22 per cent more than at the end of the previous year. Of this amount, wealth management products contributed $332.6 billion, compared to the development of two subsidiaries under the corporate flag, namely, two win-win funds and finance:
The win-win fund was set up in November 2013 with shares of 71.49% and 28.51% held by Bank Ningbo and the Chinese Expatriate Bank, respectively. 20 new products were produced by the win-win fund in 2020, with net assets totalling $34.9 billion.
Long-win fund management assets of $2,052/189.9 billion, with 74/69 remaining products, ranked 30/30 out of 144 fund companies on the market. In 2020, the company collected $1,002 million and returned $301 million in net profit to the mother.