Wang Wei-chul has performed well, Gea has consolidated its performance, and it has done well: corporate revenue and net profits are growing rapidly, on the one hand, and the public, on the other.
In June 2016, the Department achieved a list of Gea, which contributed $22.5 billion in the first half of 2017, resulting in a net gain of $1.160 billion, and net profit after deduction of $630 million, which increased the company ' s performance. On the other hand, the company also performed fairly well, with an increase of 22.8 per cent in revenue from the previous business (excluding the Gea) and a net gain.
In the original business, refrigerator freezer revenues grew by 16.5% over the same period, washing machine revenues increased by the same year, and companies increased their share of ice-washing products faster, rising by 3.1 percentage points and by 2.0 percentage points to 30.6% and 29%, respectively, and ranked first in the industry, especially with the rapid growth of high-end brands like Casati.
The air-conditioning business benefited from the pull of three-to-four-line real estate sales, the heat of this year and the lower stock of industry channels, and the recovery of company output was significant. While raw materials were up from last year, they were in the public domain for the current period.
Thanks to the upgrading of the Division ' s products and the integration of the gea, the combined Māori ratio of companies in the first half of the year increased by 1.3 hundred institutional investors as a share of the circulation a. Changes in sales and management costs after the gea resulted in higher financial costs as a result of the increase in loans.
Gea integration is progressing well and expects synergies to release dividends: in the year of its entry into the company, Gea successfully completed the first phase of the integration plan in collaboration with the Haile team in areas such as research and development, global product platforms, procurement and supply chains.
With a landing rate of more than 92 percent, we expect that, as the future integration deepens, the synergies between the two in terms of complementarity of distribution networks, procurement, cost savings, technology and sharing of R & D advantages will gradually become apparent and will lead to an improvement in the quality of the company ' s operations.
Profit forecasting and investment proposals: As companies perform better than they expect, we re-tweet corporate profit margins, medium- and long-term benefits from corporate internationalization strategies, and look at the long-term growth of companies, which are now valued at low market levels and maintain “buy-in” investment proposals.
The report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investments made by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Credit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose.