Hua Yuu Wei (688396.ch): Chongqing, Shenzhen's productive capacity continues to be released to boost performance.
• To reiterate the “buy-in” rating of Hua Yuen: the profits in the first quarter of this year were better recovered and increased on last year's low base. In view of the downwinding, 1) while the rate of electronic growth in automobiles has declined, the total continues to benefit from the trend in the electric intelligence sector; 2) elimination
The cost-electronics sector has gradually entered the season, and will grow as a result of the changes brought about by the innovation in the one; 3) demand in the new energy sector is expected to remain on track; and 4) demand in the engineering sector has remained stable. Thus, in the course of this year’s celebrations and the sustained release of production capacity in Shenzhen, companies have the basic dynamic for growth in their performance.
At present, China Yuen's forward market surplus is 44.8 x, and there is room for up-front valuations relative to historical heights. • The income and profits of China's economy increased by the same amount in the first quarter: 1) China Yuu's income and profits increased by $2.36 billion in the first quarter, an 11 per cent increase in the same year and a 11 per cent decline in the ring. The Māori rate is 25.3 per cent, a 1.2 per cent decrease in the same year.
The impact of depreciation is mainly due to depreciation and price. Business profits in the first quarter are RMB 140 million, a 46% increase in the same year, a 50% decline in the ring. Companies record net annual and first quarter performance, and we adjust profit projections for China Yuen in 2025 and 2026.
• Valuation: We value China Yum in the branch plus master method. We give China Yuwa, respectively, 60x, 62x and 38x of manufacturing and services, products and programmes, and complementary support operations in 2025.
Upward action is insufficient and the price of igbt continues to fall; depreciation benefits from the expansion of a company's capacity: high-end power devices are growing slowly.
We used the sotp (sumoftheparts, branch plus) valuation method to value China Yuu, and we gave China Yuu 60x, 62x, respectively, manufactures and services, products and programs, and supporting operations in 2025.
Prospective and pessimistic scenarios: corporate revenue growth is not as high as expected.
An optimistic scenario: corporate income growth is better than expected • downstream demand recovery and growth is higher than expected, such as consumption, industry, new energy; downstream demand recovery and growth, such as consumption, industry, new energy, are lower than expected;
• Power semiconductor output expansion, oversupply, industry competition for orderly profits • power semiconductor production capacity expansion, oversupply and increased industry competition for delayed prices • mos, igbt prices bottom-up;
(b) Depreciation resulting from the expansion of the company's productive capacity has a limited impact on profits;
By accepting this report (including any relevant annexes), the recipient of this report, Pu Ying International, states and guarantees that he is entitled to this report under the following conditions and agrees to be bound by the restrictions contained therein. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the law.
This report has been prepared by the Group Information and other publicly available information of the Cards Group, which engages in regulated activities under the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Hong Kong Act) (Systems Trading) and the Fourth (Providing Comments on Securities) Group-Poo-Silver International Securities Company Ltd. (collectively “Poo-Silver International Securities”). All information is collected from persons considered to be unauthorized.
No one may use any of the information contained in this report for other purposes. This report is prepared solely for the purpose of providing information. It shall not be interpreted as an invitation or offer to purchase or sell any securities or related financial instruments. Your Excellency shall not interpret the contents of this report as a professional opinion or recommendation on legal, tax, accounting or investment matters and shall consult with your legal and financial counsel on legal and related matters relating to any of the transactions covered in this report.
This report does not contain all the information that the company may require, and you should not make any investment, withdrawal or other financial decisions or actions based solely on the information contained in this report. This report may contain forward-looking statements, with multiple risks and uncertainties, in addition to statements of historical data.
The views, recommendations, recommendations and opinions in this report do not necessarily reflect the position of Poo-Bing’s international securities. Poo-Bing International Holdings Ltd. and its affiliates, affiliated companies (collectively “Pu-Bing International”) and/or its directors and/or employees may hold securities that are described in this report or related companies, and may from time to time be bought or sold.