The growth in performance is in line with expectations, and looks forward to the follow-up catalyst of the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre.
The net return to the mother was 4.36 billion yuan, compared to 15.1 per cent, of which the single q2 achieved income of 48.03 billion yuan, compared with 19.0 per cent, and the net return to the mother was 2.34 billion yuan, compared with 18.0 per cent, in line with market expectations. Performance growth met expectations, and cash flows from business activities improved significantly during the reporting period.
In the face of challenges such as grade, increased supply chain challenges, and rising inflationary pressures, the company insisted on the strategic path of the “Three Five-Year Plan” to achieve robust growth in performance, driven by consumer electronics, telecommunications, automobiles, etc.) and profit margins, 23H1 Māori rates and net interest rates of 10.6 per cent/4.8 per cent, respectively.
● Topmodule, cellular assembly, strong growth in communications, electronic car operations, and future prospects. 23h1. Corporate consumption of electronics/communications/computers/cars/connectors and other operations, respectively, achieves business income. Division deep binding of a client, cellular assembly, high performance of topmodule operations.
Business contributes 870 million yuan (+245.8 per cent); 2) Topomodule operations yielding 3.276 billion yuan (+14.0 per cent); net profits of 640 million yuan (+18.4 per cent). In addition, as the supply and demand of e-products, e.g. pc, gradually improves, the company’s computer-connected business q2 has grown.
With the deep accumulation of technology related to such products as electrical connection, light connection, radiative heat, radio frequency, and so forth, there is a high degree of recognition among domestic and external headlines that products perform well at the end, and the overall scale of business is growing at a high rate.
The company, relying on car wires, connectors, smart cabins, auto-drive diversified product matrices, has achieved an explosive growth of revenue under a four-wave wave of cars; following the construction of the entire odm platform in cooperation with Chirí, the company and the Volkswagen company have set up a car technology company to speed up the layout of this area, which is expected to open a new growth curve in the future.
q3 performance has remained high, with a positive growth of mr, a follow-up catalyst. The company issued a 23q3 performance forecast showing that in the first three quarters of 2023, the company was expected to realize a net return profit of $7.04 to $7.68 billion (+10 to 20 per cent); and the withholding of products such as a new passenger aircraft, mr, etc., which were introduced on a continuous and rigorous basis, and the company's share of the company's assembly and business of Topmodule
Or it's going to be raised; the accelerated layout of the automobile business is going to be expected in the future. A 23.3% compound increase in net profit returns over the next three years is expected to take into account that the company is expected to benefit in the second half of the year from the growth dynamics of the car and the wearable business.
Many of the projects for the roll-out and consolidation of the automobile business by large clients are located, maintaining a “buy-in” rating, and Noone will receive any form of compensation either directly or indirectly for, and not for, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.