Probably sophisticated, new and old dynamics are increasingly driving + control fees, with companies growing high quality, and companies are showing good performance by issuing semi-annual reports for 2023. Companies' traditional consumer electronics business has no fear of a backlash from the industry.
Stable growth, with new dynamic operations such as auto electronics/communications maintaining growth of more than 50%, and in the future with an apple-free industry reversible, with firm performance steadily growing in the first half of the year. Companies in the first half of the year received 97,971 million yuan in 2023h1, an increase in their share of 2 (Gel rolls), and an increase in the value of watch assembly (watchultra prices) etc.
Impact, pc-related business, negative growth. But as demand recovers, the negative impact is gradually being eliminated, and the company’s business q2 has returned to the same level of growth.
A complete product matrix such as connectors, smart cabins, and a sustained high-speed growth of the company's automobile operations; 2023h1 revenue from communications-related operations amounted to $6,137 million, or +68.4 per cent, and the company, under the strategic guidance of the Core Parts + System Level Products, was using the communications core components as a basis for connection, light links, power sources, heat distribution, etc.
Modules are highly recognized by customers, both within and outside the country. The company’s communications business is expected to continue to grow in the future, with 5 g, ai, and so on. 2 mr operations are expected to contribute to future increases: Apple released the next generation of space platform visionpro products in June 2023, and companies took the assembly orders.
With the official launch of Visionpro in the spring of 2024, the business is expected to gradually contribute revenue and profits. Multiple factors contribute to lower corporate costs and release profit space.
Corporate cost rates have been effectively reduced for reasons such as promotion of efficiency gains and exchange rate fluctuations. 2023H1 sales costs are 0.4 per cent year-0.1 pct; management costs are 5.8 per cent year-0.9 pc; and financial cost rates are a growing managerial capacity.
As a result of a 2 percentage point reduction in the Māori rate for corporate consumption and a 1.2 percentage point reduction in the combined cost rate, I am exposed to macroeconomic fluctuations, exchange rate risks, risks of relative concentration of customers, management risks.
Qualifying for portfolio investment consulting operations