23h1 performance is impressive, 23q3 profits guide steady growth Investment rating: increase (maintenance) by 19.53 per cent over the same period; return net profit of $4.356 billion, or 15.11 per cent over the same period;
3.83 per cent less; achievement of a single-quarter return of $2.338 billion in net profit to the mother, an increase of 18.03 per cent over the same period; growth in consumer electronics, communications and automobile products, which contributed to higher corporate performance 23h1, in the face of escalating geopolitical conflicts, increased supply chain challenges and rising inflationary pressures
The company has achieved rapid income-side growth by continuously improving its internal management efficiency, maintaining product, customer and market diversification. While electronic products such as pc are consumed early on the demand side, the supply and demand state is available as of 23h1.
To be effective, the company's computer-connected products and sophisticated component operations are growing at the same rate as in 23q2; in the communications business sector, the company benefits from the continued penetration of 5g,ai applications, using the depth of technology associated with such products as electrical connection, light connection, power source, heat transfer, radio frequency, etc., as demonstrated by the continuous penetration of 5g,ai applications.
A dynamic development; in the automobile business sector, the company relies on car lines, beams, connectors, smart cabins, a diversified product matrix of autopilots built up over the past 10 years, complemented by rapid iterative capacity and a sense of cost control accumulated in consumer electronics, and built depths with multiple brand clients.
Strategic synergies at the horizontal and multidimensional levels provide a solid guarantee for the continued growth of company automobile products. 23h1, revenues from consumer electronics, telecommunications interconnections and precision components, and car interconnectivity and precision components are $828.56, 61.36 and 32.07 billion, respectively, at a higher rate than in the previous year.
In the second half of the year, demand recovery + new engine-driven, the company is expected to increase its profit-to- Ring ratio by 23q3 and, according to the company ' s performance forecast for the third quarter of 23 years, the company is expected to achieve a net return of 23q3 by approximately 19.74 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
The roll-out, the build-up of corporate car products and the accelerated release of communications products, the company’s performance is expected The downstream demand recovery is not as high as expected, and the penetration of new products is not as high as expected.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.