The company issued a performance forecast for the third quarter of 2023, which projected a net return of $7.04 billion in the first three quarters, solid growth in consumer electronics, and rapid growth in automobiles and communications.
\triangleright up, 23h1 to 32.8 billion yuan (yoy+14%) net profit of 620 million yuan (yoy+22%); pc, income from company pc operations due to early consumption over the last three years
1. In-depth report (002475.sz) on the new growth of the motor racing track and the re-launching of the sophisticated production of the taps 2023/02/1 > Visionpro, which brings growth energy and a lot of flowers in the area of automobile operations.
Sex xr products open up a number of innovations, indicating the direction of technology for the xr industry, while also providing potential and value space for the industrial chain. With its advantages in core parts and systems assembly, companies continue to follow the big customers’ strategy, and Visionpro is expected to lead the next generation of innovation in consumer electronic “space computing.”
On the other hand, for more than a decade, companies have continued to develop the brand of new energy cars abroad and new domestic forces, wires and connectors, autopilots, and smart cabins. The 23h1 company ' s automobile business earns $32.07 billion, yoy+51.89%, and is expected to grow rapidly in the future, depending on the manufacturing advantage of consumer electronics.
In addition, the company's in vitro acquisition of the bcs aid vehicle business has accumulated, with 22 years of deep binding of equity cooperation with Chir, which is expected to continue to enable it. Dollars, 21/16/13 times the pe. Company's full-scale assembly + precision components + modules, no.
The company's performance is expected to increase further as a result of the continuous increase in the share of mobile phones, the expansion of the customer base of the automobile and communications business and the volume of new items.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.