Starwood shares (601799.sh) Increase in the average price of car light products, global layout, increase in sales, add new power-incremented loads, and increase in corporate revenue faster than the car industry by 9 pct
The front lamp continues to be upgraded from led-adb-dlp, and the average price of the lamp is higher. Carlights, as the core visual device of the car, have product upgrade space, and the average price of the industry rises from year to year. Before 2023, lights, post-combined lamps, small lights, triangle signs, and controller sales were 763/442/3717/121.11 million, respectively.
In 2023, the company took over 58 new vehicle-type R & D projects and achieved 50 vehicle-type projects of high quality.
The new project provides a strong guarantee for the future development of the company. On the production side, the company Serbian star, The Stocking of Stars (601799.sh) - The Recycle and Outlook of Autonomous CarLogs - The Productive Caps are gradually released, working with headquarters to take over the client globalization project, laying the groundwork for companies to expand their markets abroad.
“Sungwoo shares” (601799.sh) - three-quarters revenue goes beyond the automobile industry, strategic cooperation, good foundations, in addition to registering the creation of the Mexican and American Stars, and further improving the overseas layout.
On the product side, the new technological development of the company ' s current products is not limited to dlp prelights based on dmd technology, hd smart prelights based on microlled technology, microlled/miniled shares (601799.sh) - quarterly net profit ring growth of 9 per cent, products
Technology's pixel display of interactive lamps, innovative research and development of smart digital grids/digital bumpers, traffic light control, Star stock (601799.sh) - product upgrade, customer transformation, global headlights (hcm/rcm/lcu) development, technology development of electronic car-related products.
Taking into account the volume of new energy projects, a slight 24-year upward revision of the forecast to maintain the forecast of profits, it is expected that in 2023, corporate vehicle lights, triangular alarms, controllers, respectively, will be collected at 95.99, 0.17, and household growth will be added to the volume of the new downstream vehicle project, which will outperform the automobile industry by 9 pct (car industry).
+23.0.0. per cent. Sub-product output, production side: 800/1507/3672/1231.16 million by 2023, followed by light, light, triangulation signs, control units, respectively.
Lights, triangular warning signs, controller sales, 763/442/3717/121.11 million, respectively, with a corresponding change in lighting sales, *0.5 per cent, domestic vehicle sales, and sales, management, R & D rates, with varying degrees of decline in the same ratio (with sales/management rates, respectively)
On the whole, 20204, stock customer sales have increased, with a build-up of the new power multipliers, and a rise in corporate revenue that exceeds the car industry by 9 pct. The 2023q4 star camp has seen an increase of 31.87%, and vehicle production has increased by 23.02%.
The company's revenue goes beyond the automobile industry by 8.85 pct. According to the Chinese Air Association's output data, 2023q4, one populist, Chi-Ri, one ton-Ta, one ton-Ta, one ton-Hing, one ton-Hin-Hin, one ton-Hin-Hin, one ton-Hin-Hin, one to-Hin, one to-Hin-Hin, one to-Hin, one to-Hin, one to-Hin, one to-Hin, one to-Hin-Hin, one to-Hin, and one to the end of the industry.
With regard to post-combined lamps, there is a clear trend towards the development of the trans-vestigated lights, which increase the size of the vehicle's tails and make the vehicle more attractive.
In the case of small lights, the internal atmosphere has risen to a new point of growth, owing to the needs of the consumer. At the same time, car outdoors, such as logo lamps and lighting grids, are gradually being used by major figures 11 and 11.
Figure 12: Vehicle front-light technology upgrade route Company end, product dimension enhancement new technology development application, customer dimensions continuously increase new energy vehicle project start-up Product dimensions, companies enhance new technology development and applications, and synergize through industrial chains (Rise soft horizon,
On the one hand, in recent years, the company has stepped up the development and application of new technology for carlights and introduced new products such as a carlight controller, a “loose as one” solution. The company has enhanced the development and application of new technology, including but not limited to: 1) dlp smart front lights based on dmd technology; 2) hd smart front lights based on microlled technology; 3) micro-based
(f) Development of car light controller hcm/rcm/lcu;
On the other hand, the SONG shares expand the circle of capabilities through industrial-chain collaboration (Ion Soft, Horizon, Hua-Dao, One-Wide Technology, Euromelt Semi-Current, etc.) to open up new electronics products for cars. On 16 February 2022, Changzhou Starlights Ltd. and Hua-Technology Ltd. were located in Dong-jung, China.
China signed a letter of intent to cooperate in light-based smart-car operations. According to the agreement, the two sides will work together in a mutually beneficial manner, with a view to serving global clients, and will work together in a strategic partnership in the area of smart-lighting to build a close strategic partnership for sustainable development.
The manufacturing of end-to-end capacity, leading the development of the smart lights industry, creating a continuously leading intellectual system solution in industry that is competitive, as well as full operational cooperation in the area of smart vehicle lighting. We believe that dlp project lamps are both an opportunity and a challenge for the traditional lights industry, and that the industrial chain is working together.
The new technology changes in the light industry are particularly important, and Stars, in collaboration with enterprises such as upstream chips, software algorithms, and based on their own advantages such as traditional structural design, optical and electronic design, are expected to continue to occupy the lead in forward product development and development, widening the gap with other autonomous brands of cars in the country.
Figure 17: Mr. Lin and Mr. Liu Xingjun signed a letter of intent for cooperation on behalf of both sides.
On 1 June 2023, Star Woo shares and Euromel semiconductors officially announced the signing of a strategic cooperation agreement.
The two sides will cooperate extensively in the area of motor intelligence, working together to provide high-performance, low-cost, high-quality smart lights and autopilots to the automobile industry, among other products and solutions. In the development of smart car products, the two sides will work together to develop innovative products that meet market demand, such as intelligence, based on the Euromelt semiconductor dragon springs platform.
Products such as headlights, autopilots, etc., provide more intelligent solutions for the automobile industry. In the future, the two sides will also work more closely in a wider range of areas, such as standard technology, chip customization development, to provide stronger support for future-oriented innovation in the smart car field.
On October 15, 2021, Changzhou Starlight and Ion SoftTech Ltd. formally signed a strategic cooperation agreement in Hangzhou. Both sides will design and conduct optical sensors in smart visual systems based on rainbow soft technology.
Innovative development capabilities in the use, integration of system software and full-store visual algorithms and applications, and full integration and collaboration of the Star Unit in the production of sophisticated optical electronic products, supply chain management, etc., with in-depth collaboration around the deployment of artificial and high-performance smart visual products in the automotive field.
In addition, the horizon announced the completion of a three-round of $350 million in financing, with a strategic hold on a number of car industry chains, including Stars. On February 15, 2023, a strategic cooperation agreement was signed with the horizon in Changzhou, announcing that it would "car."
Standard Chip Plus Algorithms is the core base, building on the accumulated experience of Starwood in the field of intelligent manufacturing over the years, using as entry points “Drop One”, with the objective of operational cooperation “to comply with the rules of the car, to achieve production levels, to meet delivery”, and strategic partners such as the United Nations mainframe plant, spare parts suppliers, etc., working together to advance the amount of the “Pour One Solution”
The " One Beacon " solution, developed by the Star Woo shares based on the Horizon Track ~3 Car Code chip, has been officially identified by a head car company in the country, using only a single-scree ~3 with a 5r6v sensor configuration, which can easily achieve a level I2+ car support, including a variant aid; and, at the same time, through softness
Optimization of the algorithm to achieve time-to-use recovery of the computational resources, enabling the integration of parking aids, such as parking on the same soc chip, which fully exploits the potential of the journey §3 through a unique software architecture to enhance product competitiveness at high cost, thus enabling more entry-type end-users to experience mobility aids
Figure 24: A "Mobble as one" solution based on the horizon drive 3 car chip development, Figure 23: Strategic collaboration between the star stock and the horizon
On 23 May 2023, a strategic cooperation agreement was signed in Changzhou between the Seng Woo shares and the Beijing I-Technology Company Ltd. (Technology and Technology I), which will jointly promote products through strategic cooperation in the areas of vehicle-borne laser radar and intelligent driving technology development, integration of lamp products, production and manufacturing, taking into account the resources and technological advantages of their respective industries.
Technological innovation and market expansion. Since its inception, technology has been based on the concept of “the best autopilot infrastructure” and continues to grow deep in the field of pre-loaded long-range and near-blind laser radar technology, with high reliability, high-resolution, low-cost stationary solid-state laser radars as a strategic objective.
In 2023, the company took over 58 new vehicle-type research and development projects, resulting in 50 vehicle-type projects.
Quality new projects provide a strong guarantee for companies’ future development. Client dimensions, companies continue to scale up new energy vehicle projects. 40% of new energy vehicle projects were undertaken by companies in the first half of 2022, with high-quality new projects taking place.
The company’s clients now include the German public, the Volkswagen public, the Volkswagen public, Daimler, the Beijing Mercedes, the BMW, the Huaming BMW, the General Motors, the Upwards, Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan.
On October 12, 2023, the Global Partnership Conference for the ideal car was held in Changzhou in 2023.
The shares are awarded the ideal car "Collaborative Winner." The new journey, as a strategic partner for the ideal car, will always be to meet the client's demands, to work together, to develop and innovate, to upgrade technology, to stabilize the quality of the product, and to help restore the ideal car in a more open, mutually trusted and win-win manner.
On October 17, 2023, 2023, a partnership of 2023 was held, with 2023 dollars in the share of the Stars winning the award for a partner of excellence in quality (nqpp). The first new energy source is the partner of excellence in quality (nqpp).
The automobile industry ' s full-scale quality assessment award, and its highest recognition of partner product quality and production processes, is the most important award given to partner partners. The award of honour is not only a high degree of recognition of Star Woo ' s tireless pursuit of excellence in quality, but also of many clients for his products and services.
Figure 27: Ideal car “Collaborative Winners”: Starwoo won the 2023th Award for Quality Excellence (nqpp) production dimension, companies promoted globalization and expanded overseas markets.
In addition, the company is registered as a Mexican and American starry company. In October 2020, the company issued convertable bonds for the smart manufacturing of industrial modeling plants and smarts.
The manufacturing of industrial parks electronics plants, replenishment of liquidity, with the extension of the capital period of the “model factory” project to 2024, with the equipment investment period deferred accordingly in accordance with the actual pace of production; the “smart manufacturing industrial parks electronics plant” project changed its feasibility, and the company expected a good outlook and a large market for the front headlights.
In order to maximize the efficiency of fund-raising, the company changed the project for investment in the original fund-raising project “Intelligent Manufacturing Industrial Park Electronics” to “Sung-woo Equity Intelligent Manufacturing Five” and is also building on the impact of a number of uncertainties, such as the market environment, to reduce the risk of investment in fund-raising, and to exercise due diligence in controlling the pace of investment, resulting in a delay in the overall construction of the project compared to the original plan.
In February of that year, the company's board of directors considered extending the capital period of the modular factory project to 2024, with a corresponding delay in equipment investment according to the actual pace of production. Note 2: Changes in the feasibility of the project “Intelligently manufactured industrial parks electronic plants”, which was planned for the production and testing of lightled modules and other electronic modules, mainly to increase the scale of electronic production of lamps. After careful consideration, the company intends to meet the demand for follow-on customer orders by upgrading the production efficiency of existing electronic plants and optimizing the production layout of existing plants under the conditions of existing plants, and increasing the production line of electronics to a reasonable degree.
In order to maximize the efficiency of fund-raising, the company intends to consider the launch of the original fund-raising investment project “Intelligent Manufacturing” for consideration at the Second Interim Shareholders' Conference in 2022, through the conversion of the project “Intelligent Manufacturing Industrial Park Electronics Plant” to “Intelligent Manufacturing Industrial Park Five Phases”.)
As of 31 July 2023, the share of Star Woo had been repurchased to follow up on the employee holding plan. 1) As of 30 April 2023, the company had completed its first repurchase of shares and repurchased 1.41 million shares (up to a maximum price of 119.00 cumulatively at $220 million (including transaction costs).
In addition, the company advanced the digitalization changes. In 2023, the company continued to advance the digitalization changes, completing the acceptance and review of the planned projects, conducting cross-checking of the mom systems in selected plants and achieving data efficiency through bi
In 2023, the company was honoured with the maturity of the state's intellectual manufacturing capacity, with three levels of intellectual manufacturing, demonstration factories, green plants, and the digital transformation phase was fully achieved, with the new downstream vehicle-type projects (ideal, ale, Cyrus, etc.), and the company's collection went beyond industry by 8.9 pct.
In the medium- and long-term, new orders from Starwoo shares plus new products plus new products to protect their performance. Client dimensions, present-day collaboration between Starwoo and the Japanese (take the next Toyota “Competition Enterprise Award” and the Hiroshima Toyota “Quality Award”) have entered the new power (Peng, Ideas, Cyrus,
In 2023, the company took over 58 new vehicle-type R & D projects, achieving 50 vehicle-type projects, and high-quality new projects that provide a strong guarantee for the future development of the company.
(a) The gradual release of the production capacity of the elvia Stars, which, in conjunction with its headquarters, will provide a good basis for companies to expand their markets abroad, and the registration of the Mexican and American Stars, which will further improve the overseas layout;
As new technologies, such as dlp projector lamps and ddb lights, are entering the market, Stars is strengthening new technology development applications, companies are developing new technologies for, but not limited to, dlp smart front lights based on dmd technology, hd smart front lights based on microled technology, pixel display based on microled/miniled technology
On February 15, 2023, Star and Horizon signed a strategic cooperation agreement in Changzhou to jointly promote the "walking as one" solution.
The solution of the "Pop One" developed by the Horizon 3 car chip has gained a positive fix to a head car in the country. Looking ahead, in 2024, the company is expected to achieve a performance resonance with the release of new products such as car orders plus overseas factories plusadb, dlp, and the "Pop One" solution.
(a) Intelligentization of the company's products, in the case of carlight products, in the case of the Starb, dlp, starring, gridlights, etc., new technology for mainstream lights, progress in research and development, and basic synchronization of global traffic lights;
(b) New energyization of company clients, domestic market, and sung-woo's share in the new power sources, with the share of new energy clients continuously rising; and) globalization of company clients: the Serbian factory was the first car-light production for the expansion of Sung-woo overseas, and currently the star-woo's pre-share lamp is in the country.
Inner markets are estimated at 15 per cent, and global markets at 3-4 per cent, with the global clients of Starwoo opening up, following up on the global valuation of Starwoo comparable companies: we choose Burtley, with the same logic of import substitution, Boda, and Tupou Group, with the same core of the chain of carlight industry, to carry out comparable corporate valuations (comparable market value levels or industries).
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject