Starwood shares (601799.sh) grew by 25 per cent on a quarterly basis, with new orders, new production, new products breaking through.
The front lamp continues to be upgraded from led-adb-dlp, and the average price of the lamp is higher. Carlights, as the core visual device of the car, have product upgrade space, and the average price of the industry rises from year to year. Before 2023, lights, post-combined lamps, small lights, triangle signs, and controller sales were 763/442/3717/121.11 million, respectively.
In 2023, the company took over 58 new vehicle-type R & D projects and achieved 50 vehicle-type projects of high quality.
New projects provide a strong guarantee for the company’s future development. The production capacity, the company’s Serbian star production capacity, has been released gradually, working with headquarters to take over the client globalization project, laying a good foundation for companies to expand their markets abroad, and registering the creation of the Mexican and American Stars in a way that further improves the overseas layout.
In terms of products, the new technological development of the company ' s current product is not limited to dlp wisdom based on dmd technology.
Forelights, hd smart headlamps based on microlled technology, microlled/miniled " Star stock (601799.sh) - three-quarter collection beyond the automobile industry, strategic collaboration Pixel display interactive lamps, innovative development of smart digital grids/digital bumpers, car light control
Development of the manufacturer hcm/rcm/lcu, technological development of electronic car-related products.
Revenue performance exceeded that of the automobile industry by 19 pct (car output growth rate of the same year + 6.3 per cent).
Figure 5: Māori rate and net interest rate of the share in the asterisk: Figure 6: Māori rate and net interest rate of the share in the asterisk unit
Figure 7: Changes in the cost of the four S.A. shares, Figure 8: Changes in the cost of the four S.I.S. shares in the quarter, Overall, 202,401, growth in stock sales, build-up of the new force multipliers, increase in corporate revenue
It's going beyond the car industry by 19 pct. 2024q1 at 25.47%, car production by 6.33%, and company revenue by 19.14 pct. According to the Chinese Air Association production data, 2024 q1, one populist, Chi-Ri, one totota, one red flag, East Wind, ideal car, and Hiroshima Toyota.
At the end of the industry, the current trend in technology of carlights is towards electronicization and intellectualization. For front lights, with the spread of pre-red lights, the front lights are developed to adb, hd-adb and dlp, thus achieving acillary driving, information exchange, human vehicle interaction, and so on. For back-combined lamps, the back-to-back lights are combined into a cross-section.
There is a clear trend in the development of the light, with the combination of cross-cutting lamps increasing the size of the car’s tail light, making the whole car more beautiful and secure. On the small light side, the internal atmosphere has risen in response to the needs of the consumer, making it a new point of growth.
At the corporate level, the product dimension enhances the new technology development application, the customer dimension continuously increases the new energy vehicle project's product dimension, the company enhances the development and application of the new technology, and expands the capacity circle through the industrial chain synergy (Ion Soft Horizon, Hwa).
On the one hand, in recent years, the company has stepped up the development and application of new technology for carlights and introduced new products such as a carlight controller, a “loose as one” solution. The company has enhanced the development and application of new technology, including but not limited to: 1) dlp smart front lights based on dmd technology; 2) hd smart front lights based on microlled technology; 3) micro-based
(f) Development of car light controller hcm/rcm/lcu;
On the other hand, the SONG shares expand the circle of capabilities through industrial-chain collaboration (Ion Soft, Horizon, Hua-Dao, One-Wide Technology, Euromelt Semi-Current, etc.) to open up new electronics products for cars. On 16 February 2022, Changzhou Starlights Ltd. and Hua-Technology Ltd. were located in Dong-jung, China.
China signed a letter of intent to cooperate in light-based smart-car operations. According to the agreement, the two sides will work together in a mutually beneficial manner, with a view to serving global clients, and will work together in a strategic partnership in the area of smart-lighting to build a close strategic partnership for sustainable development.
The manufacturing of end-to-end capacity, leading the development of the smart lights industry, creating a continuously leading intellectual system solution in industry that is competitive, as well as full operational cooperation in the area of smart vehicle lighting. We believe that dlp project lamps are both an opportunity and a challenge for the traditional lights industry, and that the industrial chain is working together.
The new technology changes in the light industry are particularly important, and Stars, in collaboration with enterprises such as upstream chips, software algorithms, and based on their own advantages such as traditional structural design, optical and electronic design, are expected to continue to occupy the lead in forward product development and development, widening the gap with other autonomous brands of cars in the country.
Figure 17: Mr. Lin and Mr. Liu Xingjun signed a letter of intent for cooperation on behalf of both sides.
On 1 June 2023, Star Woo shares and Euromel semiconductors officially announced the signing of a strategic cooperation agreement.
The two sides will cooperate extensively in the area of motor intelligence, working together to provide high-performance, low-cost, high-quality smart lights and autopilots to the automobile industry, among other products and solutions. In the development of smart car products, the two sides will work together to develop innovative products that meet market demand, such as intelligence, based on the Euromelt semiconductor dragon springs platform.
Products such as headlights, autopilots, etc., provide more intelligent solutions for the automobile industry. In the future, the two sides will also work more closely in a wider range of areas, such as standard technology, chip customization development, to provide stronger support for future-oriented innovation in the smart car field.
On October 15, 2021, Changzhou Starlight and Ion Soft Technologies formally signed a strategic cooperation agreement in Hangzhou.
In addition, the horizons had announced the completion of a three-round fund of $350 million.
On February 15, 2023, Stars and Horizon signed a strategic cooperation agreement in Changzhou, announcing that they would use the “car code chip plus algorithm” as the core base, building on the accumulated years of experience of Stars in the field of intelligent manufacturing.
Beacon is a point of entry, with the objective of operational cooperation to “comply with the rules, produce and deliver”, and strategic partners such as the mainframe plant and the spare parts supplier are working together to advance the volume of the “bread as one” solution.
Officially fixed points have been obtained for a domestic head car company, using only a single drive ~3 with a sensor configuration of 5 r6v to easily achieve a level-I2+ car support, including variable aids; and, through soft and algorithmic optimization, time-to-use recovery of the computational resources, integration parking on the same soc chip, etc.
Parking support, which fully exploits the potential of a journey 3 through a unique software architecture designed to enhance product competitiveness at high value, thereby enabling more entry-type end-users to experience mobility aids.
The Strategic Cooperation Agreement, which combines the resources and technological advantages of their respective industries, provides strategic cooperation in the areas of vehicle-mounted laser radar and intellectual driving technology development, integration of lamp products, production and manufacturing, and promotes technological innovation and market expansion.
The idea is to continue deep-deeping in the field of front-loading long-range and near-blind laser radar technology, with the strategic objective of building high-reliability, high-resolution, low-cost, solid-state laser radars. Currently, one-size-fits-all lasers, radar products have been commercialized in several autopilot applications.
The order dimensions, the quality of new projects, provide a strong guarantee for the future development of the company. In 2023, the company took over 58 new vehicle-type research and development projects, achieving 50 vehicle-type project batches, and the quality of new projects provide a strong guarantee for the future development of the company.
In the first half of 2022, companies accounted for about 40% of new energy vehicle projects, and quality new projects provided strong guarantees for the company’s future development. Currently, the company’s clients cover the public in Germany, the general public, and the general public.
Into the Volkswagen, Daimler, Beijing Benz, BMW, General Motors, Uttar Pradesh, Japan Toyota, Toyota, Toyota, Hiroshima, Japanese Japanese Japanese, Shigeki, Hiromoto, Dong Feng Honda, One Red Flag, Jili, Chiri, Idea, Uri, Peng, Cyrus and some other country.
On October 12, 2023, the Global Partners Assembly of the Ideal Cars was held in Changzhou in 2023, and the shares of the Ideal Motors were awarded the “Collaborative Win” Award. The new journey, where the shares of the Ideals were used as strategic partnerships for the Ideas.
Partnering will always serve as a client, working together, immersing in research, development and innovation, upgrading technological advantages, stabilizing the quality of products, and will contribute in a more open, trustful and win-win manner to the ideal of a car to re-create its performance and to revitalize the nation's auto industry.
On October 17, 2023, at the meeting of partners, 2023, Star Woo won the 2023th Award for Partners of Excellence in Quality (nqpp). The first new Energy Partnership for Quality (nqpp) was the full-scale quality assessment of partners in the automobile industry and the quality and production of partners' products.
The highest recognition of craft is the most important prize awarded to a partner. The achievement of honour is not only a high degree of recognition of Star's tireless pursuit of excellence in quality, but also the productivity dimension of its products and services that many clients recognize, the company drives globalization and expands its markets abroad.
In addition, the company is registered as a Mexican and American starry company. In October 2020, the company issued convertable bonds for the smart manufacturing of industrial modeling plants and smarts.
The manufacturing of industrial parks electronics plants, replenishment of liquidity, with the extension of the capital period of the “model factory” project to 2024, with the equipment investment period deferred accordingly in accordance with the actual pace of production; the “smart manufacturing industrial parks electronics plant” project changed its feasibility, and the company expected a good outlook and a large market for the front headlights.
In order to maximize the efficiency of fund-raising, the company changed the project for investment in the original fund-raising project “Intelligent Manufacturing Industrial Park Electronics” to “Sung-woo Equity Intelligent Manufacturing Five” and is also building on the impact of a number of uncertainties, such as the market environment, to reduce the risk of investment in fund-raising, and to exercise due diligence in controlling the pace of investment, resulting in a delay in the overall construction of the project compared to the original plan.
In February of that year, the company's board of directors considered extending the capital period of the modular factory project to 2024, with a corresponding delay in equipment investment according to the actual pace of production. Note 2: Changes in the feasibility of the project “Intelligently manufactured industrial parks electronic plants”, which was planned for the production and testing of lightled modules and other electronic modules, mainly to increase the scale of electronic production of lamps. After careful consideration, the company intends to meet the demand for follow-on customer orders by upgrading the production efficiency of existing electronic plants and optimizing the production layout of existing plants under the conditions of existing plants, and increasing the production line of electronics to a reasonable degree.
In order to maximize the efficiency of fund-raising, the company intends to consider the launch of the original fund-raising investment project “Intelligent Manufacturing” for consideration at the Second Interim Shareholders' Conference in 2022, through the conversion of the project “Intelligent Manufacturing Industrial Park Electronics Plant” to “Intelligent Manufacturing Industrial Park Five Phases”.)
As of 31 July 2023, the share of Star Woo had been repurchased to follow up on the employee holding plan. 1) As of 30 April 2023, the company had completed its first repurchase of shares and repurchased 1.41 million shares (up to a maximum price of 119.00 cumulatively at $220 million (including transaction costs).
In addition, the company advanced the digitalization changes. In 2023, the company continued to advance the digitalization changes, completing the acceptance and review of the planned projects, conducting cross-checking of the mom systems in selected plants and achieving data efficiency through bi
In 2023, the company was honoured with the maturity of the state's intellectual manufacturing capacity, with three levels of intellectual manufacturing, demonstration factories, green plants, and the digital transformation phase was fully achieved, with the new downstream vehicle-type projects (ideal, ale, Cyrus, etc.), and the company's collection went beyond industry by 8.9 pct.
In the medium- and long-term, new orders from Starwoo shares plus new products plus new products to protect their performance. Client dimensions, present-day collaboration between Starwoo and the Japanese (take the next Toyota “Competition Enterprise Award” and the Hiroshima Toyota “Quality Award”) have entered the new power (Peng, Ideas, Cyrus,
In 2023, the company took over 58 new vehicle-type R & D projects, achieving 50 vehicle-type projects, and high-quality new projects that provide a strong guarantee for the future development of the company.
(b) The product dimension, with a continuous penetration of adb from less than 2 per cent in 2019 to 12 per cent in 2023.
As new technologies, such as dlp projector lamps and ddb lights, are entering the market, Stars is strengthening new technology development applications, companies are developing new technologies for, but not limited to, dlp smart front lights based on dmd technology, hd smart front lights based on microled technology, pixel display based on microled/miniled technology
On February 15, 2023, Star and Horizon signed a strategic cooperation agreement in Changzhou to jointly promote the "walking as one" solution.
The solution of the "Pop One" developed by the Horizon 3 car chip has gained a positive fix to a head car in the country. Looking ahead, in 2024, the company is expected to achieve a performance resonance with the release of new products such as car orders plus overseas factories plusadb, dlp, and the "Pop One" solution.
On the long roadway, 1) the company's products are intelligent, and in the light products, as well as in the new technology for mainstream lights, such as the star stock layouts, adb, dlp, starlights, gridlights, etc., progress in research and development and basic synchronization of global traffic lights; in the electronics of cars, as well as in the electronics of cars, the sung-woo shares enhance the development and application of light controllers and coordinate through the industrial chain (the horizon, China, China, China, China).
(b) New energy generation for company clients, domestic markets, and suspense shares, active in the development of new power energy customers, with a rising share of new energy customers; and (c) Globalization of corporate customers: The plant in Selvey is the first vehicle-lighting capacity for the expansion of Sorbonne overseas, and currently, the Sorbonne stock front lights are estimated to be in the domestic market.
15% of the world’s cities are estimated to be between 3 and 4%, followed by the opening of global clients of the world’s globalization. Comparable company valuations: we choose Burtley, also with import substitution logic; Boda, the core standard of the engine chain; Tupou Group, a concussion-resive soundproofing company, to conduct comparable corporate valuations (comparable company’s market value level or industry).
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject