Launching the Quality Return Double Action Program, deep-seated into globalization, research assistant Wedice.
Keywords: # high dividends # export orientation # cost reduction Events: companies issue announcements to implement the concept of “investor-based” development, enhance the confidence of all shareholders, companies issue programmes of action on “quality returns” that include globalization and high-level measures
• Launching a Quality Pay Up programme of action to further globalization, with emphasis on shareholder returns. Companies furthered their globalization strategy, pushing China’s high-quality production capacity to the world market.
During the quarter, companies earned $13.329 billion abroad, an increase of 100.53 per cent over the year, and 36.69 per cent abroad. In terms of shareholder returns, the company built up a direct distribution network based on the end-to-end, with 10 smart and capable factories in the Central United Smart Industries building up and supporting the development of global operations across borders.
The Division's accumulated cash share was more than $8.3 billion, representing 52 per cent of the company's net return profit over the same period, and the dividends were long-term in line with the industry's leading position, with companies buying back nearly $4.8 billion over the last five years, giving high priority to shareholder returns, and sharing development gains with investors through cash transfers and equity buy-backs.
• Overseas markets + emerging plates with strong growth elasticity and industry alpha attributes.1 From overseas markets, companies are expected to double their annual export growth rates, significantly higher than industry averages.
Overall, the company’s overseas market + the emerging plates continue to grow in a flexible manner, and Alpha attributes are evident. Engineering machinery: cme estimates sales of excavators in February are equal to 36%, and the internal sales renewal cycle is approaching.
Cme estimates the volume of excavators (including exports) at around 13,700 in February 2024, a 36% drop in the same year: Alpha attributes are clear, and overseas markets are around. By market category, the domestic market estimates are 5,400, a 53% drop in the same year, mainly in spring.
The base fluctuated during the period; the estimated sales in the export market dropped by 17% from the same time. Excluding the spring factors, the domestic sales of excavators decreased slightly in the previous two months, from 10821 to 41% in January-February 2024. The current base for sales of domestic engineering machinery has been reduced to a low water level, from 2021 to 2023.
Review: Double export growth, high profitability — profitability projections and investment ratings: looking at the continued growth of emerging plates such as excavators, high machines, high-end agricultural machines, globalization to expand corporate performance and valuation elasticity, and we maintain a firm ' s net profit margin of 2023-2025.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.