2023: 52 per cent higher than the previous year, higher than the mark. Research Assistant Wedgje, keyword: # high dividends # export orientation # lower costs
The net return to the mother was 3,506 million, an increase of 52.04% from the previous performance forecast. The company proposes 10 shares to find a gold dividend of $3.20 (including taxes) totalling more than $2.7 billion in red, a 52% increase in the same year in 2023, high export growth, and industry Alfa attributes.
The company's traditional niche market position has risen steadily, and overseas markets have become more competitive, highlighting the industry's Alpha attributes: (1) Sub-product: in 2023, the company achieved $8.6 billion in concrete machinery, and the market for concrete machinery, engineering cranes and construction cranes has steadily increased, with condensation in them.
The share of the economy in the economy is still stable. The share of the market in the new strategic machinery is 6.65 billion yuan, an increase of 89.3 per cent over the previous year, and in the company's annual income of 29.170 billion yuan, a decrease of 7.81 per cent over the same period, and foreign revenues of 17.905 billion yuan.
At the cost end, the company has built 11 smart factories and is accelerating the construction of engineering cranes.
In addition, the company has built up its supply chain system, upgraded the self-control rate of its core parts, accelerated national production.
A number of initiatives, such as the replacement and application of new technologies in new materials, have contributed to increased profitability at great cost. A two-tier programme of action, Deepening Globalization.
A review of Alpha's attributes, the company's accumulated cash share in the overseas market for the last three years exceeded $8.3 billion, accounting for 52 per cent of the company's net profit from the parent during the same period, and the dividends rate was long ahead of the industry, with the company's total buyback amounting to nearly $4.8 billion over the last five years, which is high.
Looking ahead, company spending on capital is largely insignificant, corporate performance and cash flows are expected to grow steadily as the domestic industry recovers steadily during the week, and combined with a tradition of high corporate dividends and dividends, it is expected to generate a steady return on dividends, with a strong long-term investment value.
▪ Engineering machinery: In March, the season data exceeded expectations, and the update cycle approached the expected sales of some 25,000 excavators in March, a decline of 2 per cent in the same year, of which 15,000 were sold domestically, an increase of 6.5 per cent in the same year and a positive improvement in the season.
At the end of the second half of 24 years, the engineering and machinery industry has been in the process of launching a new renewal cycle, with large-scale equipment upgrades contributing to the recovery of the market and industry bordering on Beta. The industry is now at the bottom of history, with a high degree of marginal elasticity, with only 9 domestic sales of excavators in 23 years.
Ten thousand, well below the average annual update demand hub of 15-20 million. Industry cycle elastic + scale effects have the potential to absorb valuations quickly, and profits increase non-linear.
Globalization expands corporate performance and valuation elasticity, and we expect companies to return their net profits to 2024-2026.