Significant increase in profitability, acceleration of overseas operations - Central and Central Quakers (000157.sz) incident assessment report 2023: Business income achieved by the company in January-December 2023
ivzy@cfsc.com.cn Significant increase in profitability and better cost control of overseas operations
The increase was faster than the increase in the cost of the period, with 7.56 per cent of the cost of sales (compared to higher overseas performance and faster growth in earth-based and high-altitude machinery), with a regional increase of $17.905 billion in the offshore market in 2023.
38.04% of overseas operations grew strongly, and engineering cranes became the highest brand in Turkey and Central Asia, and continued to open up markets such as Saudi Arabia, Malaysia, Viet Nam, Kenya, where market performance is expected to grow rapidly.
The average growth of 89.3 per cent in corporate land-based machinery, the growth of high-altitude machinery, the increase in the concentration of engineering machinery, the acceleration of medium- and high-end transformation of agricultural machinery, the further increase in market concentration in the engineering and machinery industry, and the continued acceleration of national production substitution.
And industry cycles tend to be less volatile. Companies have the highest share in the market for concrete machinery long-arm pumpers, blending stations, and the share in the market for engineering heavy machinery has been kept ahead of the industry; and the agricultural machinery industry, with the complete mechanization of crop cultivation, has become more stable.
The overall mechanization trend is constantly developing, with mid-end agricultural products and intelligent agriculture keeping up the preponderant share of dryers and wheat mills in the domestic market.
The market position of the dominant industries has risen steadily, and the competitiveness of the products has continued to increase; downstream demand from overseas industries has fallen short of expectations; overseas markets have not expanded as expected; foreign exchange fluctuations; corporate profitability forecasts (millions of dollars)
Mauzheng, M.A. in Materials, University of Akdan, five-year experience in commodity securities investment, Luzhoyang, National University of Australia, formerly employed in Fangzheng securities, four years experience in research.
He's a master who joined the Chinese securities in August 2023, reflecting his research. I didn't do it, I didn't do it, I didn't do it, I didn't do it, I didn't do it, I didn't do it, I didn't do it, I didn't do it, I didn't do it, I didn't do it.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.