I've been working on a new energy and automobile research center.
Great Wall car buy-in (first rating) Product restructuring has begun to yield results, new energy cars have a thick and thin hair, autonomous brand suv+Pika taps, sales are rising in reverse, short-term profitability is under pressure, and single cars are net profit.
The purpose of the equity incentive scheme is clear: the domestic market is depressed, companies extend the old product sales cycle through concessions, introduce new product lines to consolidate the suv leader position, and capture new trends in car consumption, such as rejuvenation, new energy sources, with sales increasing by 5.8 per cent on an equal basis in August 2019 (the industry has fallen).
11%); export growth of 43.8% on a year-on-year basis (9.8% in industry). Markets are too low to keep up with performance, and end-of-service preferences put pressure on the Māori rate, with 2019h1 harvests, net profit returns, net profit deductions and net return gains compared to the Bi-Hover system, internal restructuring, clear positioning of the three cars, and complementarities are becoming more apparent.
Higher than industry and higher market share; short-term sales pressure on wey: joint venture brands increased the delivery of products, with an average of 19.7 per cent of autonomous suv sales in the previous August, with a share down to 54 per cent; Great Wall suv sales reversed 1.3 per cent; Hafer exploited the market potential in a segmented manner: f dominated the young market and became effective with h.
Wey Help reached the high-end market, but the price zone overlapped with the joint venture and the volume was under pressure. Multi-car models were about to be marketed, individualized, and new energy sources.
The military high-end pickup and pure electric pickup market: personalized, high-end, and multiplied into new industrial trends. The Division launched the six-star strategy + the new five-economy strategy, with a series of guns expected to face up to joint ventures, and a high-end pickup market: Windy 7ev is expected to open a pure electric card layout.
Research and development capacity for core parts is prominent, and the new energy automobile business is very thin: technology in core parts such as company engines, transformers, etc. is at the forefront in the country; future progressive glass parts and components operations will be market-based. New energy automobile operations will be scaled up, with clear planning: Eurall 1 will be initially established; and
The BMW-cooperative light vehicle is advancing steadily: the hydrogen fuel cell technology industry is leading. The company, as an autonomous brand, suv and Picard, has a low market sales counter-growth; the suv system is robust, the three cars are complementary, and the market is well captured, individualized, powered, and the market is on the rise.
Field warming is imminent, with companies leading the way in terms of technology and rich product layouts, which are expected to benefit first. Macroeconomic growth is slowing; policy uncertainty in the automotive sector; subsidies for new energy vehicles are falling sharply; and there is a risk that products will not be recognized in the market: corporate products are too monolithic.
In general, the Great Wall is the head of the country’s suv and Pika, under the banners of Haf, Wey, Wall, and Eura. The domestic car market has slowed down in recent years, with successive negative growth rates in the second half of 2018; companies have been in business since the second half of the year.
Proprietary extension of the old product sales cycle, introduction of new product lines to consolidate the suv leader, and capture of new trends in car consumption, such as rejuvenation, new energy sources, increased by 5.8 per cent on a year-on-year basis in August 2019 (11 per cent for industry): 43.8 per cent for exports on a year-on-year basis (9.8 per cent for industry).
The company currently has a combined annual production capacity of 1.32 million vehicles and has increased its profile in the South and in the new energy sector; it has also been active in developing overseas production bases, with the Russian factory Tula officially inaugurated in June 2019.
There has been a recovery; the three rates have been properly controlled, and research and development inputs have continued to increase; net profits have been generally robust; and single-car net profits have been raised for three consecutive quarters. Equity incentive schemes have been issued.
In the first half of 2019, net profit from maternity, net profit from deduction and subsequent repatriation decreased by 58.95 per cent, 65.32 per cent on a year-on-year basis, mainly as a result of preference, increased brand promotion and increased investment in research and development.According to single-quarter data, corporate profitability is gradually improving, reaching 2019q2 single-car revenue
89,000 yuan. Ring up by 12%: the net profit ring for the non-retrenchment bicycle is raised to 0.25 million. Companies issue equity incentive schemes, sales volume and net profits are the main consideration of corporate equity incentives. Autonomy suv is affected by increased product investment by the joint venture brand, and retail sales fall by 19.7% on the same basis.
The volume fell to 54%: the Great Wall suv sold better than the industry grew by 1.3% in the previous August, and the city’s share rose. The Huff suv system is rich in products, the three major cars are well positioned, and complementarities are becoming more visible; and wey’s short-term sales are under pressure.
Haversuv, with a long history of market adaptive capacity, has now formed the most complete product line in the country. The core product Hafh6 has captured a wave in the domestic suv market, and has achieved great success.
Suv markets are growing slowly, but segmented markets still have the potential. In keeping with the trend of youthful car consumption, companies have introduced f-products that focus on youth, intelligence, technology, and household use.
H is a good complementarities, with a 24 per cent share in August 2019 in Huffsuv sales; m is a high value for money after the official drop, with a doubling of sales. Wey, as the high-end suv brand of the Wall, leads the company up; and a joint venture brand.
Under pressure, sales fell by 35.58% on a year-on-year basis in August of 2019, with short-term sales under pressure. Hafer, wey, brand-new cars, 2019-cent of all cars, personalization and new energy, became the focus of the layout: Wey brands, 2019 Frankfurt, and it was all new.
In recent years, the market has been untying. The Great Wall has a rich stock of pickups, nearly 30% of the industry, and a strong leader, who, apart from consolidating the high-priced market, has launched a series of artillery launches into high-end pickups.
Markets, pure electric pickups, are about to be marketed. Market approval for the new product is obtained; companies are taking the lead in putting up a six-skin truck model to achieve a smooth transition: corporate pickups were sold on equal terms in August of 2019.
The use of high-end multifunctional vehicles has evolved, and the company has developed a “Six Star Strategy + Five New Ecology” development strategy, with plans to increase personalization, use and use of high-end pickups and pure electric pickups; the Great Wall Gun series of high-end pickups came to the market in September 2019, and the Vulture 7ev pure electric pickups are about to be marketed.
Corporate engine, transformer technology remains a leader within the industry. But as the market changes, parts firms are gradually being phased out, focusing on the main vehicle industry; the next six parts firms will be involved.
New-energy cars have been laid out relatively late, but more products have been delivered in recent years. The Great Wall BMW partnership’s projects are expected: companies are leading the industry in the field of hydrogen fuel cells.
The Great Wall and the BMW are working on a fast-tracked light-car project. By 2025, the company would have released 12 new energy vehicles on five platforms.
The first fuel cell vehicle will be launched, and in 2023 it will be officially introduced to the market, with the prospect of becoming a domestic hydrogen-fuel-cell-car-leading company, with the expectation that it will expand into the commercial sector in the future.  In August 2019, the company completed the sale of 624,000 vehicles of all types, corresponding to the company’s latest full year.
The sales target of 1.07 million vehicles, with a current completion rate of 58 per cent, is expected to exceed the objectives of the equity incentive scheme by a combined sales volume of 109/117/1.28 million vehicles of all types in 2019-2021, an increase of 4.7 per cent and 9 per cent over the same period.
ii. The country ' s suv + pika taps, gradually improving profitability, 2.14 brands, global layouts, and negative growth in sales.
The company’s history dates back to the Great Wall Automobile Manufacturing Plant, established in 1984 and started with light passenger and cargo vehicles and pickups: in 2001, the company changed the Great Wall Motors Company, Inc., since 2002.
(b) The combined volume of 624,000 vehicles sold in August the previous year had increased by 5.8 per cent.
Since the second half of 2018, the automobile market has continued to be depressed, with sales falling by 2.8 per cent on a year-on-year basis. In the face of changes in the market, companies have changed and adjusted their products and strategies accordingly.
The market for industrial goods, new energy vehicles, and smart Internet access cards. Sales have continued to outperform the market, with the company ' s cumulative sales of vehicles of all types in August 2019 amounting to 624,000 vehicles, an increase of 5.8 per cent over the previous year.
With the gradual recovery of the emerging market economy and the push of the country's path, our car exit market has been growing at a high rate since 2017. However, with the intensification of trade friction between the United States and the United States and the imposition of sanctions on Iran, the main export destination, exports fell by 9.8 per cent in August on a year-on-year basis in the period up to 2019.
Over the first half of 2019, overseas revenues accounted for about 5 per cent of total revenues, a rapid increase. In the context of product competitiveness and reputation enhancement, corporate export sales have been maintained since 2017.
The Great Wall has now formed a domestic production base dominated by preservation, Xu Shui, Tianjin and Chongqing, with a combined annual capacity of 1.32 million, while continuing to expand production in the South and in the new energy sector.
The company is currently planning to expand its capacity in Shandong Yokotami, Zhejiang Ping, Jiang Sutai, Jiang Suhai and Jiang Su-jang. Among these, (1) the Zhejiang Lake factory produces 100,000 vehicles per year, including 50,000 new energy engines.
With vehicle capacity, it has now been approved by the Government; (b) the Shandong Solar Plant is expected to produce 300,000 vehicles per year and will become operational in 2021: (c) the Great Wall Autostate project was completed in February 2019, with an initial investment of $8 billion, and plans were made to build a complete car production with a car-to-car manufacturing core
The company is also active in expanding its overseas production base, and the Russian factory in Tula is officially operational.
The company is currently building kd assembly plants in a number of countries, including Bulgaria, Malaysia, Ecuador, Tunisia, where imported Great Wall bulk is being assembled by other factory workers. In June 2019, the Great Wall car, the Toula plant in Russia, was officially built, and this is a Chinese car company.
The first four full-process manufacturing plants abroad, with an annual capacity of 80,000 and a total design year of 150,000. The plants were initially home-grown in terms of pressurized, welded, coated, combined with four major manufacturing processes, and spare parts such as roofs, carpets, seats, etc., with an initial localization rate of 30%.
It is planned to reach 65%. The factory produces the first type of car, Hafff 7, with a sale price of 1449,000 roubles (approximately RMB 15.39 million), and will produce the same type of car in the future. 2.2 The Māori ring is up, with a gradual improvement in profitability.
Some 90% of the revenue from the Great Wall ' s automobile business comes from car sales, and the company ' s overall sales have slowed down since 2017, which has also slowed the growth in automobile sales operations considerably, delaying the overall growth in revenue collection.
Since 2017, the company ' s Māori rate for automobile sales has declined significantly, but with high-quality new items on the market, the gross interest rate ring has rebounded in the single quarter; the three-fee rate has been properly controlled, research and development inputs have continued to increase, and the overall net profit has been robust. Since 2017, the Māori rate for company cars has been declining, as a result of declining officials, promotions, etc.
This fell to 13.65 per cent, but in the context of new items such as the Hafff family being marketed and marketed, a single-quarter Māori rate continued to remain low in the same industry, with continued growth in R & D investment in the first half of 2019 and has now been built to cover Europe with a guaranteed headquarters at its core.
Global R & D patterns in continents, Japan, North America, India, etc. In 2018, companies invested nearly 4 billion yuan in R & D, an increase of 17.7 per cent over the same year, representing 4.05 per cent of revenues, while the number of R & D personnel was higher within the industry.
In the first half of 2019, the net profit of the company was reduced by the same margin as the net profit of the company, the net profit of the deduction was reduced by the same margin, the decline in the Maori rate was affected by the increase in the margin of preference, the net gain of the company ' s car in the first half of 2019 was realized by a citizen ' s car company at 2.3a+h, and the equity incentive was to show confidence in development.
▪ Corporate equity structure is generally concentrated and stable, with 82 enterprises under the banner holding shares covering a wide range of areas such as automobile manufacturing, sales, parts and components sales, travel, etc. The company's first shareholder is the Great Wall Asset Management Company Ltd., with a shareholding ratio of:
56.04%. The actual controller is Mr. Wei Jianjun, Chairman of the Board of Directors. Incentives in Hong Kong and the Mainland, respectively, provide clear performance indicators for sales and net profits, with a robust overall target of 1928 persons, with a total of 18,509.13 million incentives to be awarded.
This includes two parts of the Restricted Stock Incentive Scheme and the Equity Incentive Scheme, which account for 0.807% of the total number of shares in the company. Some of them are awarded for the first time at 0.646% of the total number of shares in the company; the reserved portion is 0.161% of the total number of shares in the company.
Marketing volumes and net profits are the main targets for corporate equity incentives, at 65 per cent and overall, in the context of the current overall downturn in the market, the company plans to implement equity incentives. The incentives to mobilize core managerial, technical and business personnel are sufficient for the long-term benefit of the company.
Development; at the same time, equity incentive schemes have been well targeted, with clear net profit targets, as well as sales targets, demonstrating the importance that companies attach to future sales and market positions.
The domestic car market has continued to be depressed since the second half of 2018, and the pressure on the market has been particularly pronounced in the context of the increased use of solar, German, and suv products by the autonomous brand. In August of the first year of 2019, the retail sales of card suv fell by 19.7% on the same basis, with the city ' s share falling from 60% in 2018 to 54%.
The Great Wall is a leading domestic brand of autonomous suv, mainly Huff and Wey. New items are listed + various preferential activities that support the reverse growth in sales in the Wall, which grew by 1.3% in August of the year before 2019, clearly outperforming the autonomous suv market, with a higher market share.
▪ Hafer brands form the country’s rare and complete product line; h is weakened in the new market environment; f is a new product and h is effectively complementarities to consolidate the market; m is significantly increased by high value for money when officials fall. Hafersuv has a long history of market adaptability, and is a leader in the industry at all levels and in all levels.
The product type suv is rich. The market is highly competitive as competitors increase their input of suv products. The Hoffh, represented by the core product Huffh6, is characterized by high value for money, and the Hoffh system is shrinking and sales are falling sharply.
In keeping with the trend towards rejuvenation of consumption, companies have introduced f-brand products that focus on youth, intelligence, and technology, making them different from the h-syths. F-sythies have developed good complementarities since listing, and now account for 24% of Haffsuv sales.
Companies have also been active in expanding low-end markets, based on high value for money-h6 and large spaces, with price advantages particularly pronounced after the downgrading, with cumulative sales increasing exponentially. Wey, as a high-end suv brand of companies, leads companies to break up, mostly in a light and luxurious fashion.
Suv continued to work, and wey was more exposed to market pressure, with sales falling by 35.6 per cent on a year-on-year basis in August of 2019, and short-term sales were under pressure, delaying the growth of company sales.
Products; During the Frankfurt Car Fair, the company and the Wey brand displayed a new brand international strategy, new family-wide energy technologies, and new generation-style language. 3.1 Automobile markets are generally depressed, stable, and the share of autonomous brands as a whole is declining.
The suv model ended years of high growth, and market pressure highlighted the negative growth in single-month sales since the second half of 2018, as a result of a slowdown in economic growth, a decline in the willingness of residents to consume their cars, and a complete withdrawal of the acquisition tax preference.
Retail sales by car fell by 5.73 per cent throughout the year, and the automobile market experienced negative growth for the first time in 28 years.
Domestic consumers’ demand for more space-based and more functional suv models has risen rapidly in the last 10 years, becoming a major driver of the growth of domestic car market sales, with suv retail sales rising steadily from 7% in 2007. But, with the overall weakness of the passenger vehicle market, the city of suv has been experiencing.
It also ended the high-growth phase, with negative growth for the first time in 2018, and in August 2019, when joint brands accelerated the release of products in the area of suv, creating a clear squeeze on the share of autonomous brands, a sharp decline in sales on a par, and a marked increase in market pressure.
Toyota, Honda, the popular Japanese and German brands have been new in the area of suv in recent years and have been lowering the price threshold and creating price overlaps with autonomous brands, putting autonomous brands under greater market pressure.
A 19.7 per cent decline, with a share falling from 60 per cent in 2018 to 54 per cent; the gradual erosion of the benefits of the acquisition tax overdrafting of the German and Japanese systems; the formal implementation of the acquisition tax laws; the phasing out of the five countries; successive national and local policies to encourage automobile consumption; and the prospect of stable markets; and new energy sources.
Automobiles, young consumer markets, etc. have become a major segment of market development. Subsuv market sales are expected to drop by about 5% on a year-on-year basis in 2019, and the share of autonomous brands remains at risk of erosion.
The downward pressure is high and the population ' s demand for alternative consumer goods, such as cars, is squeezed: (2) from October 2015, the State will reduce the purchase tax on 1.6 litres and the following loads by using vehicles, creating early overdrafts for the following year ' s requirements: (3) the domestic public transport system is rapidly developing, with high irons, irons and irons.
The market for alternative modes of travel, such as shared cars, has grown in size, reducing the demand for cars among the population. The market downturn is expected to improve gradually from the fourth quarter of 2019, mainly because: (1) there is still much room for growth in vehicle holdings and per capita domestic ownership in comparison with developed countries.
There is a significant gap: (2) The overdrafting effect of the pre-acquisition tax preference policy is expected to dissipate during the year, and, based on past experience, the sector will be at a turning point in the second year after the withdrawal of the acquisition tax preference policy and will be officially implemented from the start of a single month.
The calculation makes the tax burden on consumers more reasonable: (4) the national scale of the six standards has been implemented much earlier, and this shift in emission standards has been strong, wide-ranging and short-duration and has given rise to considerable market disturbance, but as the country ' s six-car pattern has become richer, the consumer ' s choice has expanded.
It is expected to increase the enthusiasm for car purchases: (5) national and local emphasis on stability and incentives for car consumption, some of which have taken the lead in issuing rules, two restricted cities, Guangzhou and Shenzhen, which have announced increases in the number of small and medium buses, Guangxi and Hainan, etc., where policies have been put in place to encourage car consumption, etc.
To some extent, it helps to stimulate the potential of automobile consumption, which, as a national development strategy, is rising in penetration rates, maintaining a high rate of growth at a time of overall market downturn; in addition, there is a trend towards the rejuvenation of car consumption groups.
The trend is increasing, with 11% of domestic car buyers under the age of 25, a marked improvement compared to the previous year, with a greater preference for high-flame, high-tech models. Despite the disturbing and overdrafting of market sales by the five-country switch, the trend has gradually stabilized, precipitatingly.
The year 2019 saw a similar decline of about 6%, with the city of Suv achieving a small increase since 2021, with the three types of vehicle sales largely maintained. The main joint venture brands such as Honda, Guangzhou, published a new item, suv, and heat sales such as a toyota rav4, and so forth.
The model will also be replaced in the second half of 2019, which will provide strong support to the solar and German brands and continue to expand their share in the suv market. The autonomous suv city is expected to fall to 53% in 2019. 3.2 Strategic adjustments, negative growth in sales, and Hufff is expected to work hand in hand to regenerate.
▪ Despite the overall downturn in the market and the shrinking market share of the autonomous brand suv, the Wall ' s cars rely on official price reductions, subsidies, concessions, etc., to give preference to consumers, thereby prolonging the marketing cycle of older products; at the same time, they have continued to publish a large number of new and heavy loads, negative growth in sales, and higher rates of market ownership.
In the face of market downturns and the demand for a five-car-type warehouse in a country with a large number of pre-implementation standards, major whole-car companies have increased their incentives to buy cars through a variety of means. Companies are offering new years, cars, 51, 6 standards swaps, national holidays, etc.
On holidays and topics, preferential activities are introduced on a continuous basis, benefiting consumers through red parcels, subsidies, cash preferences, combined advantages and benefits, increasing the value-for-money advantage of products and prolonging the sales cycle of older products.
Lines, f5, f7 and f7x are also becoming market hot spots. In 2018, the company suv sold 900,550,000 vehicles, a decline of 3.49 per cent from the same year. Since 2019, the autonomous brand suv market has seen a significant contraction, with the company suv’s cumulative sales increasing by 1.3 per cent in the previous August.
A total of 507,000 vehicles are clearly superior to industry performance; the company’s leader in the autonomous suv market remains strong, with 17% of the city’s share rising from 15% in 2018.
At a time of fascism, m.f. and the two major cars continued to work, contributing to the outstanding sales performance of Lihafer’s brand. Hafer’s brand, born in 2005, has always had a strong grasp of market trends and adaptive capacity.
With the domestic suv market outbreak and the stimulus of acquisition tax preferences after October 2015, Huffsuv sales grew by 24 per cent, 35 per cent, and 34 per cent over the period 2014-2016.Hafsuv since 2017, with the shrinking size of the incremental market and the impact of joint brand squeezes,
Sales fell by 9% and 10%, respectively, in 2017-2018. In the context of new vehicle activity, Hafsuv has performed badly since 2019, with sales increasing by 10% in the previous August.
Every year on the market, Huffh6 took advantage of the boom in the country’s suv, with its outstanding value for money, its rich power options, and its strong market resilience to become a long-standing best-selling model. But with the same price, autonomous brands suv chose to grow richer, and joint brands used powerful technology and mouths.
Monk dominance competes, challenging h6. Although H6 is still the hottest suv in the country, the market share has fallen significantly from the previous period, with sales falling by 11% in 2018, compared to the decline in Haffah sales, and Hufff, which is the product of the young consumer market, has been listed.
Since it was listed in August 2018, f has been a target group of second-line city '90s buying cars, with three main features: youth, intelligence, and technology; product appearances; fashion; and smart networking, smart security, autopilot, etc.
In the first half of August 2019, total sales in f amounted to 107,000 vehicles, or 24 per cent of the Haver brand.
The f7 series has become the absolute main source of sales, with a monthly average of more than 10,000 sales since 2019, and a good complementarities between the previous August sales of 83% f7 and f7x and the h6 when the sales of the h6 have continued to decline, the f7 series has been able to make up for the market with a different product location.
It's missing, and it's increasingly branded as a medium-car. Chart 37: Huffm6 sales, Hover brands also expand lower-end markets through m-sector products, based on old H6s.
Ferm6 has been listed since July 2017, with a flat sales volume due to high pricing at the same level;
The domestic automobile market has improved demand, leading to high-end market developments, and the Great Wall’s high-end suv brand, wey, which has opened the process of corporate upturning. Wey’s sales have fallen sharply on the same scale, dragging the company’s sales up, for example, as a result of the fast-tracking of the joint venture’s suv and price discovery.
Autonomous brands have accumulated a wealth of production and marketing experience and have developed a large number of basic users: in the face of a shift in market demand, they have begun to focus on upgrading consumption markets and attempting high-end branding. Gilly and Great Wallwey are the main representatives of the upgrading of autonomous brands.
The $150,000-$2 million suv market is not only an important price zone for the upturning of the autonomous brand, but also a priority area for the current layout of the joint brand. Compared to other autonomous brands, wey overlaps more with the joint brand ' s product price zone, is subject to more competitive market pressure and sales.
Short-term pressure is clear. In August of 2019, the cumulative sales of Wey amounted to 61,000 vehicles, a 36 per cent decline compared to the previous year, with sales of vv5 and vv7 dropping by more than 70 per cent on the same basis; sales of vv6 have stabilized and become brand ownership, with 61 per cent sales.
Figure 38: Wey brand suv product lines Figure 39: Wey single month sales 3.3 Product upgrades, new product surges, new energy consolidation suv status
September 2019. Hafer, Wey's multi-pound SUV show, in addition to upgrading existing products, expanded the personalization and new energy market layout.
Technology, for example, has improved the marketing model, further improving product competitiveness. vv7gt is based on the vv7 suv, which will further meet the growing demand for cars from young car consumers.
vv7phev, vv7gtphev, and a mixed-car show are scheduled to be officially marketed in October 2019. The listing of vv7phev and vvv7gtphev can be followed by an expansion of the company ' s product layout in the new energy suv area, which is expected to be produced by the company at present.
Figure 41: New generation p4 platform Figure 40: Weyvv7gt
▪ In September 2019, the Great Wall and Wey brands showed a 2019-German Frankfurt car show, showing the new brand's strategic layout for internationalization, new energy technologies for a new family, and a new generation of stylish languages. Wey brands showcased multiple cars and new technologies, including concept vehicles, wey-x and wey-s.
In the future, wey will set up a technology centre in Germany, starting with the German market and entering the European market two years later. Wey brands also show the new generation of the Pi4 platform and the Weyai intelligent experience module.
A new generation of p4 platforms can accommodate different levels of vehicle development, providing 5+3 driving models, superdynamics, energy recovery, etc. The drive-axis assembly concept allows deep integration of power-driven zero components, allowing for a 20% increase in size and weight at the same time as the torque rises by 15%.
A 16% and 21% reduction. Future cobalt-free batteries, 9hdct wet mixers, etc., will also be applied to the mixer.
The pickup market has been highly disturbed by the policy, which in recent years has been loosely sold: since 2019, the market has been depressed and five countries have been disturbed, and sales have fluctuated, but the effects have gradually been absorbed. In August of 2019, the volume of pickups dropped slightly in comparison to the previous year, of which six have been subjected to national standards in May and June.
With the launch of new emission standard products, the monthly sales have been reduced at a reduced rate, and the market is gradually transitioning. It is expected to be profitable in 2019 to market six new items in the country, to bring cars to the countryside, and to ease the entry of pickups into the city, among other things.
The Wall’s cars started with a pickup truck, with nearly 30% of the industry, a strong leader, a rich stock of products, and a dominant market for high-value items, with a larger layout with a pickup and a pure electric pickup.
The company's sales were equal in August of 2019, with nearly 30% of the city's sales. High value for money is listed as the company's main pickup product, which has been widely recognized in the market since its launch.
There has been a shift in market demand for pickups, a gradual shift in the properties of pickup vehicles to high-end vehicles, and a focus on pure electric pickups in the light of the new energy vehicle wave. The company has developed a six-star strategy plus five to make new ecos.
In September 2019, the Great Wall Gun Series of Picards came to the market to enhance the company’s competitiveness in the high-end pickup market; in the same period, Windsor 7ev opened a pre-sale with the prospect of relying on the Great Wall’s Picard brand and the company’s advanced research and development experience in new vehicles.
4.1 The policy of untying the industry over the years and the trend towards electricization and multiplication The domestic pickup market has been relatively influenced by policy constraints. The market has been relatively good in recent years compared to that of the passenger car market, with the gradual lifting of restrictions on the entry of pickups into the city.
In 2009, the State Council issued the Automobile Industry Restructuring and Renewal Plan, which proposes to launch the Automobile Downland project, which will provide a lump sum of $5 billion for farmers to buy 1.3 litres and up to the grade level of cars. The year was marked by rapid growth of 29% and 48%.
In 2016, several policies were issued to reverse the negative growth trend in the sector, with five emission standards in place, and Hebei, Liaoning, Henan, Yunnan, Xinjiang, and Hubei to ease the restrictions on the entry of pickups into the city.
In 2016 and 2017, sales grew by 5 per cent and 18 per cent, respectively, after two consecutive years of negative growth. (1) In 2018, the fuelwood five standard was fully implemented; (2) pickups were no longer required to force spraying and refraction strips: (3) the country began to eliminate a total mass of 4.5 tons and the following general cargo vehicle lanes.
Road transport certificate and driver's certificate, fully and officially cancelled since 2019: (4) the country has further implemented the pickup road to etc. 450,000 pickups have been sold throughout the year, with a greater volatility in the 2019 pickup market than in the previous August.
The decline was 2 per cent, with a sharp decline in May and June 2019, and a narrow reduction in July and August, mainly as a result of the introduction of product and line swaps earlier than June to prepare for host country VI, followed by a gradual restructuring of the line of renewal and a gradual recovery in production.
The pickup market is expected to see a new round of policy gains, a phase-out of limit values, and a surge in demand: the upgrading of emission standards is expected to raise replacement demand. The year 2019 is expected to be about the same as the year before.
In January 2019, ministries such as the UNDP Development and Reform Commission issued the Implementation Programme to Improve Supply as a Stable Growth of Consumption for the Creation of a Strong Domestic Market (2019), which clearly proposed a steady push for the relaxation of the skin, the scope of the restrictions on truck entry into the city: in June, ministries such as the UNDP Development and Reform Commission issued the Programme to Promote the Upgrading of Priority Consumer Goods.
The programme for the implementation of the first-level resource recycling (2019-2020), which once again provides for the accelerated removal of the entry restrictions on pickups at the local and sub-urban levels and for the full utilization of pickups and goods, and for the replacement of 3.5 tons of trucks for rural residents and the introduction of vehicles.
Figure 42: Distribution of domestic pickups, which is encouraged by the policy to obtain more access to pure electric light trucks; significantly more powerful than loading by car; better quality and more power than microcarpits. The current pure electric pickups are still in place.
At the start-up stage, the prices of products are high, the mileage is typical, and the audience is relatively limited; but, against the backdrop of policy encouragement and support, and rapid technological upgrading, the penetration rate of pure electric pickups is expected to increase rapidly. Pure electric pickups have been one of the priority directions for manufacturers in recent years.
The gradual lifting of the policy restrictions on pickups in recent years, including the release of pilot pickups in some cities, the cancellation of operating permits, the removal of body sprays, the removal of reflective strips, etc., provides a good policy basis for the multiplication of pickups. As economic development rises, consumers are targeting, including pickups.
With the increased demand for automobile products, pickups have gradually moved from tool-car properties to comfortable, well-equipped passenger vehicles, and have been the main focus of recent years. 4.2 Picards have continued to lead, and strategic planning has gradually landed.
The first Delpika of the Wall was down in 1996 and has won the first sales championship since 1998, when the Wall Picard has now won a sales and export championship for 21 consecutive years.
In 2019, despite fluctuations in the pace of industrial growth due to the six-standard switch in five countries, the Great Wall’s pickup of technology and product stocks successfully completed the transition, with a volume of 85,000 vehicles distributed in the previous August, which was equal to the previous month, with the city holding around 31 per cent and continuing to lead the industry.
The Great Wall Picah products now have two major fleets of windmills and cannons. They are mainly high value-for-money products, and they are sold mainly in Vulture 5, Vulture 6, Windbull 7 of which was listed in November 2018 as a high-presenced, high-intelligence network function.
The product, which has been on the market since the beginning of the year, was listed in May and July 2019 as a six-car type of gasoline/diesel, with 59% of the total sales in the previous August. “Six Star Strategy + Five New Ecos” became the strategic direction for the future of the Great Wall’s pickups, with high-end pickups, pures, and the use of pickups.
The electric pickup is gradually landing, the Great Wall cannon series is officially on the market, and Frenzy 7ev has been selling pre-sales. The Great Wall pickup has been dominated by high-priced products, mainly competing with the functional pickup market of Fukuda, Tonaga, Jiang and other brands at less than 150,000 yuan.
Functionality and practicality are the main competitive advantages; but there is a lack of layout in high-end markets. Chart 45: The Great Wall pickup versus the country’s main pickup competition, September 2018. The Wall pickup business was formally independent and presented a six-star strategy and a new eco-economy.
The six-star strategy represents the overall direction of the future development of the Great Wall Pekka, with new demands from the manufacturing, product planning, pipeline construction, service capacity, marketing models and six major overseas extension blocks, including optimizing the preservation plant and accelerating the construction of the Chongqing plant, the delivery of new products, the optimization of services and channels,
Diversified marketing, the consolidation and expansion of overseas markets, etc.; the new Five Ecology stands for the Great Wall Picard at the end of the product, and the Wall's future roll-out of the "5+n" heavy-pound product, primarily from the use of the multiplier, network connection, electric motorization, customization, intelligence, and promotion of the Wall Picard.
In the future, the Great Wall pickups are planned to provide a full range of areas, full product lines, uses, multipliers, personalized high-end products, and to continue internationalizing the market. During the Shanghai Car Fair 2019, the Wall cars officially launched a new series of artillery pickups and launched a new series of pickups.
A 2019-cent bus show was officially marketed for $12.68-15.98 million. It was built on a new platform, produced by Chongqing Youngcheon factory, to locate globalization using large pickups. The gun series of pickups was replaced by a new exclusive logo, which was divided into off-road, commercial and hybrid versions, with cross-country labels.
The front mid-to-back bridge has a wide range lock, a depth of 900 mm, equipped with specialized equipment such as water-dry throats, winch, etc.; the commercial version uses pure electrical power, which lasts up to 500 km, within two hours, to complete the charge: the portable version uses an elevator 8at and a multi-strength overhang.
Acc has been set up to adapt from cruises, liquid crystal instruments, real leather seats, automatic parking, etc., to a much higher degree of comfort and technical sensitivity, which is less common in the country’s pickup products. Positioning is close to the joint venture, Jingwara Zhengzhou, and is expected to be a powerful spoiler of the pickup market of 150,000 yuan or more.
Vulture 7ev, the first pure electric pickup under the Great Wall, was officially opened in September 2019, with a maximum torque of 300 cow mills, battery capacity of 60.76kwh, combined range of 300 km. Pure electric pickups are still being sold in small quantities, mainly in Japan.
The Great Wall is expected to continue to lead in the new energy pickup. Fifthly, the core parts are well developed, and the new energy vehicles are very thin.
The company’s focus on technology research and development is the country’s first to have core power system technology, and the technology leads. As markets change, the six major components will be opened up.
But, as markets change, companies start a new cycle of change, focusing on car ownership, gradually stripping off parts and components: the next six parts and components will be fully open and marketed.
The company’s new energy car was set up relatively late, but in recent years it has been investing more and more products, and Ola’s initial approval was obtained; the Great Wall’s BMW partnership’s BMW project is expected. In the field of hydrogen fuel cells, the Great Wall’s pure motor vehicle brand, Ola, is on the market, with iq, r1, two of them listed.
R1 has set up a mini-bus market with its lovely appearance. Moreover, the Great Wall and BMW are working with a beam car project that is steadily moving forward and is not limited to pure electric mini, and the future fuel-fuel version Mini, a brand of a new new energy vehicle, will also be working together.
This company is one of the oldest and most comprehensive vehicles in the country with hydrogen fuel cell technology. According to the plan, the Department will launch a first fuel cell vehicle in 2020, and a mature vehicle will be officially introduced to the market in 2023.
It is expected to become a domestic hydrogen fuel cell pilot. On a platform-based basis, the future of the Great Wall or the expansion of business into commercial cars. 5.1 Autonomous R & D is strong, leading the power systems technology industry.
The Great Wall Car was the first enterprise to have a core power system technology in its own brand, with engine and transformer technology remaining at the forefront of the domestic industry. As early as 1998, the company set up the Great Wall Automobile Technology Centre, which is responsible for flag-loading and power.
Total development and design; in June 2000, the Great Wall Car established the Wall Inner Burning Company, which introduced advanced manufacturing equipment from Japan, the United States and Germany, and used patented engine technology to produce multiple-point electric jet engines and become the first company to have core power in an autonomous brand.
GW4b15 and Gw4c20 are currently used for most of the main vehicles, 1.5t and 2.0t four turbine boosters, respectively. Of these, gw4b15 started project pre-research in April 2012 and was produced in April 2017 and is now widely used.
Haverh4, h6, f5, f7, f7x: as a replacement for gw4g15b, gw4b15 was used for the first time in the country for technologies such as cvvl variable door lifts, cylinder caps integrated into exhaust tubes, and has been integrated into medium-level jets, high transient response power control boosters, secondary displacements, etc.
In October 2017, gw4b15 won the title "Ten-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five.
Gw4d20 and gw4g15t, the third stage of the Wall's car was given this privilege. The Wall's early transmissions were purchased from domestic and international spare parts manufacturers, but over the years they have been working together and self-researching to upgrade their own speed changer capabilities.
The transformer is a 7dct wet-wet bipolar transformer for the Wall ' s auto-research, and is a Chinese first-volume 7dc product. The product has more than 95% ultra-high transmission efficiency and uses a minimum viscosity lubricating oil, reduces the drag on the flow, and enhances the transmission efficiency of the transformer and the economy of the fuel.
In December 2017, Car 7dc was honoured with the World’s Ten Perfect Transceivers. • Based on the new market environment, companies are transforming their parts under the flag, leading them to develop independently, and gradually moving away from their dependence on the Great Wall.
Open market-based operations focused on different segmented markets. To address the cost, efficiency, and quality problems associated with the procurement of external spare parts, the Great Wall Cars established a complete supply chain of spare parts at an early stage through joint ventures, M&As, equity, etc.
The vertical integration model offers the advantage of short-time development, lower cost, and more profitable cars, but it also leads to a lack of innovation and insufficient marketing of spare parts enterprises. Since 2018, the Wall has been focusing more heavily on the whole of the car’s business and gradually displacing the spare parts business.
The parts and components industry under the flag began to operate independently, with the establishment of hives, beehive energy, low-energy, up-burning power, Nobo cars, six auto parts and components of the precision chassis, covering traditional and new-energy motor systems, car intelligence, car electricization (power-driven).
A new energy car runs up and down. 5.2 New power cars, Euratoms, beam cars, etc. The Great Wall is one of the first cars in the country to start developing new energy cars, but production progress is clear.
In September 2002, the Great Wall Automobile Technology Institute was set up, together with a number of international component companies, to develop new energy vehicles and to develop new ones, including elfsev and the Wall.
c20ev, Great Wall v80, etc. with no energy output. New energy car market boomed in 2015 and only c30ev was sold in 2017. Weyp8 was officially marketed in April 2018, but
Compared to the main contestant, the pure electro-relay mileage is shorter and does not offer a seven-selection option. P8 has sold an average of 252 vehicles per month since it was listed.  August 2018, the independent brand of the new energy car Euraora was officially launched, marking the Great Wall car.
The new energy business is entering a new phase. The Ora brand is now firmly positioned as a mini-pure electric vehicle, based on a me platform that focuses on the core design of light-quantified, small-template, efficient, highly integrated power-driven modular systems.
To 160wh/ka. The power module space is less occupied and better structured ... while the body weight of the vehicle is 15% lower than the fuel vehicle, increasing driving sense, reliability, pre-loading and safety. 2 car-type markets (iq, r1) are now available on the Me platform, including at the end of December 2018.
On the market, O'Larr1 gained broad market recognition for his lovely appearance, his relatively rich configuration, his high-quality ability to continue the voyage (351 km) and became the backbone of the O'La brand, with sales reaching 69% in August 2019. According to the plan, Eura, in the third quarter of 2019.
R2 will be officially listed, which will further enrich the layout of the new energy products of the Great Wall. While the Eura brand is on the market, the brand-new and shared "Oula Out" operating platform will be operational, positioning the Internet's ten new energy access service platforms and taking the lead in the guaranteed areas.
In addition to promoting electric mini landings, the project will launch a brand-new brand and follow the existing marketing channels between the two partners.
In July 2018, the Great Wall Cars issued an announcement confirming the details of the cooperative project. The joint venture was called Light-beam Motors Limited, with a total investment of $5.1 billion, a registered capital of $1.7 billion, the Great Wall and BMW holding 50% of the shares, which will mainly be in research and development and the production of new energy vehicles.
The two sides will jointly develop a new generation of pure electric car platforms and will produce brand-new electric cars in addition to BMW Mini.
Research and development personnel are already in the vehicle-type mutual testing phase. The light vehicle project is an excellent self-upgrading opportunity for the Great Wall ' s vehicles, which, from the point of view of the joint venture, will effectively expand the new energy sector ' s products, technology layouts, and move on to one.
Step-by-step reduction of double-ing pressure; from a BMW perspective: the Great Wall is expected to learn from BMW techniques and management techniques, and the Global layout of the Wall is expected to improve.  According to the company’s plan, the company’s future new energy vehicle platform will reach five, covering pure electricity, blending, etc.
The fuel cells are three main routes, with 12 products to be launched by 2025. Of these, the Eura brand will cover a00 to a level market, the Great Wall BMW joint product will cover a level to b market, the Great Wall brand, the plug-in and pure power-based large platforms, and the hydrogen fuel platform will be oriented towards a medium and large segment market.
5.3 Hydrogen fuel cell layout is at the forefront of the industry, with the first fuel cell vehicle to be launched in 2020. Hydrogen fuel cells are one of the priorities in the development of new energy sources in the Great Wall. The Wall is the country's first vehicle to enter the International Hydrogen Energy Commission, has now established a hydrogen energy technology centre, and has passed a series of programmes.
The Great Wall has invested more than four years in hydrogen fuel cell research and development, investing more than $1 billion in hydrogen production, storage, heating stations, whole-sector chain of fuel cells, focusing on hydrogen energy and technology.
Over the years, continuous research and development and operations have helped companies to take the lead in the overall development of the hydrogen fuel cell industry. The company plans to launch the first fuel cell vehicle in 2020, officially introducing mature vehicle models to the market in 2023, promising to become a domestic hydrogen fuel cell pilot.
Companies with strong industrial planning and technological R & D capabilities, acquisition and entry into the chain of industries can help them further upgrade their layout capabilities. The power of the acquisition will enable the company to move up to a higher level in the field of fuel cell formation, with an input of h2m, which will enable the company to become deeply involved in the operation of the hydrogen processing plant.
The company's fuel cell testing laboratory and the liquid hydrogen tank test laboratory are now operational, with a pilot shipment of liquid hydrogen storage plus station in June 2019 and a pilot operation of the membrane electrodes test line in December 2021.
With regard to the whole vehicle, the company ' s hydrogen fuel cells will be used mainly for large-scale vehicles. The main product of the Wall is the mass, larger suv, and pickup products, and the development of hydrogen fuel cells is consistent with the overall product layout of the Wall ' s automobiles, which can effectively address large-range car anxiety.
The company plans to use pure motor vehicle research and development resources to integrate components such as electrical controllers, slow-downs, power cells, etc., and to build a complete platform of pure electricity and fuel cells, using the experience of full-scale sales to promote the development of fuel cell cars. By 2020, the Great Wall is planned to launch its first hydrogen vehicle.
Full platform and model of fuel cell cars; small bulk demonstration in 2022 to launch the first fuel cell fleet: a mature fuel cell vehicle model was launched in 2023. On the platform-based piping, the future Great Wall vehicle or the expansion of business into the commercial car area.
With a sales target of 1.07 million vehicles, with a current sales completion rate of 58 per cent, the automobile market is expected to move on in the fourth quarter of 2019, with the gradual landing of the State and local policies to encourage and support car consumption, as well as favourable factors such as the acquisition of tax laws and the release of tax-reform dividends.
▪ The stock of corporate products is abundant, the country’s five markets are smooth, and the various products are now connected to the transition, while the public authorities are firmly aware of the trends in the various products, and are well placed ahead of schedule, which is expected to take the lead in the recovery of the industry. ▪ Specifically, f- and m-systems will be the main engine of growth for Hafsuv, with a rapid increase in the share;
New items such as vv7gt are expected to be marketed, but market tests are still needed and brands are competing directly and brand sales will continue to be pressurized in the short term: the Great Wall’s Picard Dragon is strong, wind is expected to continue to lead the market, and high-end sales of chemical gun series of pickups are expected to rise.
Ora’s initial market stabilization, followed by new product holding, helped to raise brand sales.  The combined sale of vehicles of all types in the Wall is expected to be 109/117/1.28 million in 2019-2021, although we expect a small 4% increase in corporate sales in 2019, with high unit prices,
High-quality products have been placed on the market, but as companies adopt a price-for-value strategy to benefit consumers, and the recognition of high-quality models still requires market testing, new product sales still need to climb over time, we expect the overall single-car sales price and the Māori rate for the company ' s automobile sales business in 2019.
With the landing of national and local policies to support and encourage automobile consumption, and the increased investment of new products from companies, and the gradual stabilization of high-quality products in the market context, it is expected that the company ' s automobile sales operations will pick up and the Māori rate will pick up gradually from 2020.
▪ Reference valuation: The main companies in the country with a car-to-car-to-car complex are Chang An, Gilly, Upload Group, Hiro Group, etc., which is about 16 times the average of the company in 2020. The Great Wall car is an autonomous brand leader, rich in product lines, and strong in research and development; the internal restructuring of the product is at first sight.
The result was a negative growth in the first half of 2019; active expansion of overseas markets, a slowdown in the growth of new energy vehicles, a slowdown in macroeconomic growth and an increase in domestic and foreign uncertainties, which could lead to a decline in the demand for vehicles, and a sharp lower than expected increase in the volume of sales in the car industry.
The current complex internal and external situation of our economy, with its downward pressures and strong demand-side pressures, could lead to significantly lower-than-expected growth in the volume of automobile sales and uncertainty about the location and implementation of policies in the automotive sector.
As previous acquisition tax preferences retreated, new stimulus policies, including specific regulations to stimulate the consumption of cars and ease the entry of pickups into the city, had not yet been published, and the policy stimulus had been significantly reduced in 2019 by new energy vehicle subsidies and increased competition in the market, leading to the profitability of the entire company.
The fall in subsidies will increase competition in the market and crowd out the profitability of cars. Although the company’s share of new energy sources is relatively low in the short term, there is a risk that the fall in subsidies will affect overall profitability in the future.
As the joint-venture brand has increased its share of the product, and continues to penetrate low- and medium-priced areas, it overlaps with the prices of some of the company’s products. Despite the company’s new product and its distinctiveness, the joint-venture brand market has become more market-friendly.
In recent years, the Great Wall has focused on suv products, but there is a lack of other types of products such as sedans, mpv, etc.
Unable to meet consumer diversification needs. Analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market shows that: score, then averaged the final rating as average market investment