New industry (300832): Deep-dry chemical luminous, high-quality track, product development and sales fast-tracked
The company is a precursor to chemical growth in the country, and has developed for more than 20 years in the field of deep-dry immuno-analysis, with a deep accumulation of technology, and is part of the first echelon of chemical light in the country. Since its inception, the company has been focusing on chemical light research, and the company's main business is the development, production, and production of in vitro diagnostic products.
China’s first fully automated chemical luminometer was successfully registered in September 2008 and produced, sold and serviced in 2010 as the country’s leader in this area.
The company’s products are used mainly to provide disease prevention, diagnosis, breakthroughs.
Diagnosis information for disease predictions. Waterlines, full-automatic biochemical analysis instruments, full-automatic nucleic acid extraction purity instruments. Chemical light is a large, fast-growing, high-barrier gold track.
For the largest group, chemical light technology has high sensitivity, wide detection, simple and fast operation speed, good tag stability, no pollution, simple instrument economy, among other advantages, is the best replacement for radio-immun analysis and enzyme co-immunisation analysis.
There are a number of cutting edge technologies, such as biology, physics, chemistry, and optical science, with high technical barriers. In 2021, the country ' s chemically luminous diagnostics market reached $28.440 billion, with a projected growth rate of 15.3 per cent in 2022. After a new coronary outbreak, hospital end-of-patients were more affected, with chemical light for almost two years.
Market size is somewhat constrained. But, in the long run, as the epidemic improves, the number of hospital end-of-care consultations will recover, the development of the supervening testing project and the improvement in the equipment performance of the testing system will continue to grow at a high rate of chemical light in the long run.
Foreign firms continue to dominate the domestic market, and domestic firms have made significant progress, replacing domestic production with legitimate ones. Foreign firms continue to dominate the domestic chemical lighting market, with 52-week international share-price zones such as Rhodes, Yap, Beckman, and Siemens.
Diagnosing taps account for more than 70% of the country’s chemical luminous market. But technological advances are evident in national producers, some of which are already at the top of the world, such as the new industry’s launch in 2018 of the world’s largest 600-speed chemical luminous device, Maglumix8, and the subsequent launch of each of the Yafilong and Anto organisms at 600 speeds.
The number of reagents registered in the country by the country’s leading companies is not less than Rhodes’s instruments and reagents.
Large analyser maglumi 4000 plus and maglumix8 and relatively small maglumix3. x8 can speed up penetration to high-quality clients in large hospitals with a surface area of less than 0.68 square metres, with a relatively small size.
For reagents, the results of the company reagent tests are stable, there are significant advantages to the special projects, such as oncology signs, cardiovascular and myocardial signs, and the city’s reputation is good. The company’s chemical luminous screening project has 156 menus and is a leader in the country.
By June 2022, the company had 22 newly developed reagents and 31 alternative 2 reagents. The company maintained a globalization strategy and actively pursued overseas markets.
High growth rates. According to our estimates, in 2020, the overseas chemical light market was about $51.4 billion, with companies offering high performance and more value-added products to overseas customers, while accelerating the construction of subsidiaries abroad (s14805171001).
And at the same time, during the new crown epidemic, the company took advantage of the opportunity to establish close links with hospitals and distributors abroad and build a more sophisticated marketing network, s14812107074.
To raise the corporate brand profile abroad, this growing system of overseas sales will be an important driving force for the company's conventional, oriental financial and intellectual growth, and the products will continue to be released overseas in the future.
The company is a home-grown chemical luminous, deep-farming industry, with advantages in instrumentation skills, reagents, and reliability, and a mature domestic and international marketing system. Consider the company’s high rate of growth in national production replacements and sea surges, with a first-time coverage of “high recommendations.”
New industry (300832): Deep-farming chemically luminous and high-quality track, dual-line fast-moving product development and marketing.
It is a state-level high-technology enterprise that specializes in the development, production, marketing and servicing of in vitro diagnostic products. Since its inception, the company has been focusing on the study of chemistry and light, successfully completing the registration of China’s first fully automated chemical luminometer in September 2008 after more than a decade of in-depth efforts, and in 2010 achieving a total output of fully automated chemical luminous equipment, with a total breakthrough in the country’s production of all automatic chemical luminous equipment.
The first company in China to have a patent for “immunomagnetic microball” and to use it as a key separation material for chemical luminous systems is the first company in China to have a patent for “human synthetic small molecular organic compounds - abei” and to replace traditional enzymes as a luminous mark, and the first company in China to use the patent technology and obtain a domestic registration and to produce in bulk the full-automatic and direct chemical luminium analysis instrument and the accompanying reagents.
In the first half of 2022, the company was able to develop thyroid functions, sex hormones, oncological signs, myocardial signs, pre-operative eight, eugenics, sugar metabolites, osteoporosis, liver fibrosis, inflammation, and inflammation.
For 153 projects, such as disease surveillance, auto-free antibodies;2 for all laboratory smart flow lines, the company has now launched a new industry, Satlars-tca, an all-laboratory smart flow line, using the Semer flight orbit plus the new industrial luminator maglumix8+ new industrial biochemistry instrument biossaysc8+as-2450 biochemistry, as well as a new industry, solar smp and smt and ancillary reagents, sib hypervelocity bio-immunisation stream, sii
High-speed immune flow lines, etc.; 3 full-automatic biochemical analysis instrument: currently representing biossaysbc1200, biossaysbc2200, the source of financial prosperity in the East, new industry (300832): deep-deep chemical luminous track, product development and sales are moving fast
Accompanied biochemical reagents include tests such as haemolysis, liver function, kidney function, myocardial signs, diabetes, etc.: 4 full-automatic nucleic acid extraction for purity instruments, including moleciosionmp-96, molecisionmp-32 and ancillary reagents. The company continues to lead the development of in-country immunological analysis through technological innovation, which is part of the country ' s first team of chemical light. The company will be intelligent in 2016.
In July 2017, the new industry was the first chemical luminous plant in China to gain access to the United States. In 2018, the new industry successfully launched the ultra-high, fully automated chemical luminous immune analysis system, Maglumix8, opening a new era of chemical luminous hypervelocity.
In December 2020, the new industry received China ' s first chemical luminous certification in the field of chemical luminous ivdrce. The results of the company ' s research filled the gap in the country ' s in vitro diagnosis, breaking the long-standing monopoly and technical blockade of foreign manufacturers ' products in this area.
Figure 2: Corporate development journeys Recompose the construction of the “All Automation of Shenzhen City”
“Modular chemical, biological and chemical immune analysis system” -- the first new coronary virus in the world -- 2019-learning photo-immunological quantitative analysis system
The ncov chemical photoresist test agent was successfully developed and obtained access to the EUce Engineering Technology Research and Development Centre”
Become the first chemical luminator in China to gain access to the Shenzhen Stock Exchange's business board in the United States.
Successfully relocated to the national bio-industry, hypervelocity fully automated chemical light-free, July, new generation of small molecule kernel tests.
The first technology project - 25-oh New Industries Biobase
vd was registered to co-promotion with Semer Führer Technologies, November, full autochemical luminum immunity.
All-laborator automating overall solver maglumix8i and maglumi x6 obtained medical instrumentation certificate
By the end of June 2022, the company had more than 2,600 employees and more than 400 doctors, masters and overseas returnees. The company had reagent and production centres, instrument development and manufacturing centres, marketing centres, etc.
Professional team, multidimensionality, provides guarantees for the company’s rapid development. The Reagent Research and Development and Production Centre has the capacity to produce 4 million boxes of reagents per year; the Instrument Development and Manufacturing Centre currently has the capacity to produce 3,000 fully automated chemical photoanalysts and 1,500 modular chemical and biological immune analysis systems per year, and the construction of a new chemical luminometer production base is on schedule and is expected to be put into production next year to relieve pressure on the company’s instrument production capacity;
Internal marketing and service networks have reached all regions of the country, companies are actively expanding their markets abroad, and partnerships have been established with hospitals in 148 countries and regions, including Italy, Spain, France, Colombia, and others.
A small reduction in the price of the machine drove the client to speed up the installation of the aircraft, resulting in a profit increase in 2021 less than the revenue increase. Given this year’s change in the company’s sales strategy, exposure to the impact of the new crown business, combined with the positive impact of exchange rate changes on financial costs and the reduction in the share-incentive costs this year, the management costs will be reduced, and the epidemic’s repression of conventional testing projects will be reduced, and we believe that the company’s combined revenues and profits will be increased over the next few years.
The company's deep-deep chemical light is the source of large, fast-growing, high barriers to the gold track and the financial and intellectual growth of the East.
New industry (300832): Deep-farming chemically luminous and high-quality track, where product development and marketing are fast-tracked at 2.1 immuno-diagnosing markets are large, with chemical luminous technologies in the mainstream. According to the Institute of Forward-looking Industries, the global in vitro diagnosis market was 83.4 billion dollars in 2020. North America, Western Europe, etc.
The main market for diagnosis, the economically developed regions, has reached a relatively stable stage as a result of relatively well-developed medical services, while emerging markets, represented by China and India, have grown rapidly. According to the Kalomainformation report, the global vaccine diagnostic market reached $18.9 billion in 2019, the largest sub-sector in the in vitro diagnostic industry.
The in vitro diagnosis market is about 86.4 billion yuan. In the last two decades, China’s in vitro diagnosis industry has experienced rapid growth with policy support, rising demand in downstream markets, technological advances, and rapid industrialization, which is expected to continue to grow in the future.
These are the largest, accounting for about 39 per cent of the country ' s in vitro diagnosis market, and the second highest in biochemistry, accounting for about 18 per cent of the country ' s in vitro diagnosis market.
The high barriers to screening for chemical light are the dominant techniques for immuno-diagnosing. Chemical light technology has the advantage of being sensitive, wide-ranging, easy to operate, fast-paced, clean, clean, instrument-free, and the best replacement for radio-immunological and enzyme-associated immunological analysis.
Because of its technical advantages, the percentage of diagnostic diagnostics of the chemical luminous processes in the European and American markets has exceeded 90%. According to the Chinese Institute of Industry and Commerce, the size of the diagnostic market for chemical luminous immunology in 2021 was 28.440 billion yuan, and a 15.3% growth rate is expected in 2022, with hospital end-of-patients affected by a new coronary outbreak, and the rate of growth in the market in the last two years will be somewhat suppressed.
The gradual improvement will result in a gradual recovery in the number of hospital end-of-life consultations, the continuous development of the stacking testing project, the improvement in the performance of the test instrumentation, and chemical luminous light, which will continue to be the golden track for the long term. Figure 6: Size and forecast of China ' s chemical photoimmunology diagnostic market for 2016-2022 (billion yuan)
Eastern financial and intellectual sources 2.2 Chemical luminous patterns of competition: foreign firms continue to have a dominant share in the domestic market, domestic firms have advanced significantly, and foreign firms continue to dominate the domestic chemical luminous market when it comes to replacing domestic production. International diagnostic taps for chemical luminous technologies such as Rhodes, Yape, Beckman, and Siemens continue to dominate the domestic chemical luminous market.
Longer research, more sophisticated applications, and the construction of their own moats in specific areas of detection, such as the Rhodes Tumour Marks test, the Abete test for infectious diseases, the specific proteins of Beckman and Siemens, hormone tests, etc., led by four multinational companies occupying the country's chemical glowing market.
In 2018, the new industry introduced the largest global flux of 600-speed chemical luminous devices, Maglumix8. Since then, the speed-400-speed interval has been in place. According to the testing project, as of 31 January 2021, companies and major competitors in the industry had obtained a national certificate of registration for medical devices for chemical luminous products (including new coronary reagents that had been successful in research and development but had not obtained a domestic registration) as follows.
The number of reagents registered by leading companies in the country is no less than that of foreign companies like Rhodes.
But we believe that gathering is a greater opportunity than a challenge for the country’s major chemical producers. First, although the production capacity of chemical luminous equipment and reagents has improved considerably, chemical luminous detections use closed systems, making it difficult to change the existing pattern of benefits and increasing the national turnover of chemical luminous products.
Second, domestic products have a price advantage over imported products, with more marketed and more expensive imports being hit more strongly, and also with domestic firms expanding the market), while new industry medicine and Murray each have 14 winnings, right after April.
Mankurt, Anto, etc. are not on the winning list. Although manufacturers react differently to the chemically luminous collection of the Angkor and to the possible future national chemical luminous collection, the above side of the outcome suggests that the collection itself is more beneficial to the domestic producers.
Osundo 3. Instruments, reagents, two-line thrusts in the domestic and overseas markets
3.1 Instrument: A complete instrument system to meet client differentiation needs. Excellent product R & D manufacturing and iterative capabilities are key to the company’s ability to maintain its competitive edge. At the lead line of immune diagnostic products, as of June 2022, the company had nine fully automated chemical luminum analysers for global sales. In recent years, the company has been on various luminometers with different specifications.
At the same time, a large analyser, Maglumi 4000 plus and Maglumix8, and a relatively small size, Maglumi x3. Of this, x8 is a high flux, high-end, large chemical luminometer with a test speed of up to 600 measures/hour, which is one of the highest speeds in the market; the first results can be produced in 15 minutes; 24-hour waiting is available for immediate detection of samples and can be compared to the same type of instrument, biochemistry, electrolytic analyser.
Maglumi 4000 plus and Maglumix8, mainly for large hospitals and other clients, is expected to speed up penetration to high-quality customers with the advantage of high detection speeds, a complete automatic flow of water from biochemical equipment developed autonomously with the Department of Public Administration. The 2020 release of x3 as a brother ' s product x 8 also has excellent performances. x3 test speed 200t/h, unit speed >294t/h.
With 72 samples, 20 reagents, and the ability to meet the growing demand for laboratory tests. At present, China’s primary health care capacity is still weak, but with the implementation of measures related to graded diagnosis, primary health-care institutions will also face increasing demand for chemical light testing.
Table 4: Comparison of part of the chemical luminous equipment of national production enterprises New industries (300832): Deep-farming chemical luminous and high-quality track, rapid progress in product development and marketing
On 4 November 2022, the company issued an announcement that the new fully automated chemical lumination analysers, Maglumx6 and Maglumx8i, had been launched with the latest series of x machines with 30 reagent slots with a detection speed of up to 450 tests/hours; the single-response cup design had been adopted and the experimental process had become more flexible; the heavy suspension cleaning structure had been designed to significantly enhance the sensitivity of the reagent test; and modular design had been adopted to support multiple spells.
It allows modular integration with the company ' s full-automatic chemical lumination analyser, maglumix8, and the full-automatic biochemical analyser, biossaysc8, to meet the more complex needs of clients and provide them with a more diversified choice.
In the future, automation, high-access quantification, and flowlineization are important trends in diagnostic products for immunization. Laboratory-wide automation of water flow lines, English acronym tla, which includes the automatic collection and transmission of samples, pre-automated processing of samples, automatic analysis of samples, automated post-processing of samples, and automation of the entire process from sample collection to test report output, with short output test reports and efficient testing; low error rates; and low quality of tests.
High volumes: avoiding exposure of test personnel to toxic samples, high safety: reducing labour costs, etc. With the impact of the shift in the concept of medical consumption from “therapeutic” to “prevention, prevention and integration”, and population ageing and the acceleration of urbanization, medical institutions will be faced with increasing daily tests and the need for more comprehensive testing projects, in which case they will use full laboratory automation.
The biochemical analyser is an important part of a laboratory-wide automated stream of water, and the company is actively developing a biochemical diagnostic product line. As of June 2022, the company was offering a global sale of 4 fully automated biochemical analysers and 61 ancillary reagents, of which 61 were registered in the country, with reagents covering detection projects such as kidney function, liver function, special protein, and lipids.
Biossaysc8 is registered in the country as a high-speed, fully automated biochemical analyser for 1,600 tests/hours and is connected to the full-scale automated water flow line of the laboratory, which will further enhance the company’s ability to service large terminals when it enters the market. The National Health Board published a statistical bulletin on the development of health and hygiene in our country for the month of 2021, which calculates the country’s cumulative rate of chemical luminium immunity.
Over 10.500 instruments: In overseas markets, companies have provided services to medical terminals in 148 countries and territories, and cumulatively achieved more than 13.400 chemical hair immune analysers. Compared data from companies at the end of 2021, the new industry has been superior in terms of aggregate loads, hospital coverage, and the company ' s investment in technology R & D and marketing channels has been effective for a long time.
A gradual upscaling will further accelerate the pace of the company’s expansion of the third-level hospital market. 3.2 Reagents: testing projects are rich and help to accelerate income and profit growth.
Important factors in the level of income from agents, and instruments are highly correlated with the abundance of the company’s testing menu. Therefore, the number of testing projects is an important reference for judging the competitiveness of companies in the chemically luminous industry.
Figure 7: The company ' s annual reagent revenue as a percentage of its income is abundant. As of 30 June 2022, the company had 153 chemical luminous reagents registered in the country (a total of 197 notes), covering oncology signs, thyroid, infectious diseases, gland, myocardial signs, inflammation surveillance, sugar metabolism, osteoporosis, liver fibrosis,
According to the list of chemical luminous detection projects disclosed by the network in November 2022, each manufacturer had an advantage in the number of projects broken down, but the total number of projects in the new industry was 156, and the company was more competitive in the reagent category.
In addition, in terms of reagents, the company had 22 new reagent products as of June 2022, as well as 31 alternative reagents.
In recent years, the company's chemical luminous reagents, based on their high sensitivity, stability, and high automation, have been used in a wider range of end-use medical facilities, and the stable demand for reagents and the characteristics of instruments and reagents are conducive to increasing company-client stickyness and promoting corporate instruments.
As the country’s first successful producer of chemically luminous immune analysers and ancillary reagents, the company’s reagent test results are stable, and features such as oncological signs, cardiovascular tubes, and myocardial signs have a strong market profile. The oncological markers are company-specific reagent products, with the involvement of early in-country manufacturers.
Fewer, the company competes mainly with large foreign medical devices, such as Rhodes, and the company obtains a share of the market on the basis of its pre-emptive advantage. The thyroid is the conventional test project, the company's second-largest reagent product, the product tests are accurate, stable, and the client's approval is high. According to the data disclosed by the company in 2019, the tumour markers in the reagent project's income structure are higher than the thyroid function reagents, respectively.
For 36% and 17%, these two types of reagent revenues have remained stable and stable in recent years. Companies have been continuously bridging their own types of test agents, and in these two years they have been active in infectious disease reagents, whose share has risen from less than 5% in 2019 to about 10% today. We believe that companies have moved beyond the advanced military markets and overseas markets, mainly through niche projects, and have begun to rely on stable and reliable product performances, constantly abundant reagent menus, ministries, etc.
The potential for the future of the niche projects, which are a good reflection of clinical testing and a positive competition between higher value for money and slogans and imported brands, is enormous.
3.3 Technology Platforms: Four Technology Platforms to Build City Protecting Rivers, Research and Development of Immune Magnetic Microballs, Automated Chemical Lighting Instrument, Automated Chemical Light Reagent Development, Reagent Critical Raw Materials Development, Four Technology Platforms, with notable results in technological and technological innovation. Strong product competitiveness is the company ' s ability to produce chemical luminous products domestically.
At present, the company relies on its own powerful instruments and reagent research and development power, relying on a direct chemical light technology platform marked by magnetic separation abei, and does not fail to develop new varieties of reagents to meet the needs of clinical diagnostics and other applications. For its research and development team, the company has the technological power to develop technology.
A well-structured team with strong innovative and research capabilities has accumulated a solid and rich technological reserve over the years. At the same time, firms have been increasing their R & D investment in recent years, with R & D spending rising by more than 40% in 2021 compared to the previous year, and R & D investment as a share of revenue is rising year by year, in favour of the public sector maintaining its advantage over other producers and accelerating its access to high-end and overseas markets.
Figure 9: Corporate R & D investment as a share of revenue, source of Eastern financial and intellectual prosperity, source of Eastern financial and intellectual prosperity
New industries (300832): Deep-farming chemically luminous and high-quality track, fast-tracked product development and marketing, 3.4. The system of overseas market sales is improving, with notable results, to adapt to the growing size of the global market for diagnosed products and to respond to increasing market competition, companies adhere to a globalization strategy,
In line with the principle of “Back-by-Speech” companies concentrate their resources on the selection of priority market areas for intensive marketing. The outreach programmes include, first, the establishment of overseas liaison offices in well-saled market areas, which continue to be developed in depth; second, the expansion of markets such as other European Union countries, the United States, etc.; and, third, active overseas market registration and certification of products.
At the end of the day, the company has established partnerships with hospitals in 148 countries and regions, including Italy, Spain, France, and Colombia. The size of the overseas market, with a low market share for corporate products, is expected to sustain long-term high growth in overseas operations as product power increases and marketing systems improves.
About $12.5 billion, equivalent to $81.6 billion at the December 31, 2020 exchange rate. In developed regions such as Europe and the United States, chemical light accounts for more than 90% of the immunization market, considering that there are other non-developed regions, we assume that the global market accounts for 90% of the immunization market, and the global chemical light market is about 73,464 million yuan in 2020. According to figure 6, the Chinese market is about 22.6 billion yuan and overseas in 2020.
The new industry generated $790 million abroad in 2020 (including the new crown business), with a city share of about 1.54%, and still has much room for growth. As the company’s product power rises, it will be able to provide high-performance and higher-value products to its customers abroad, while accelerating the construction of subsidiaries abroad to respond more quickly to customers’ needs and accelerate the seizure of markets.
The company’s overseas market is dominated by regional distributors, whose customers are discovered, marketed, managed and maintained by overseas distributors, and its own marketing and post-sale management teams. In recent years, the company’s overseas operations have grown faster, both as a result of an increase in the number of overseas distributors and as a result of an increase in the self-empowerment, size and volume of purchases from companies by major long-term cooperative distributors.
Focus on encouraging post-sale engineers to understand in real time the status of the instrument, the use of consumables, the transformation of “passively sold” into “actively sold” and a step towards meeting the needs of overseas customers.
Figure 10: The company’s high rate of revenue growth in overseas markets (2020-2021) (net of data on new crown-emitting reagents) accelerates the development of overseas marketing systems using the new crown epidemic as an opportunity. Companies are the first to develop and get certified brands of lqg, lqm antibodies in the world, benefiting from the high demand for new crown-testing-related products before the overseas market, with revenues from overseas operations reaching 146% in 2020
While the impact of the new crown is gradually declining, this improved system of overseas sales will be an important driving force for the Department’s conventional products to continue overseas in the future.
There are high barriers to doing business abroad, and there are long-term prospects for companies to do business abroad. This is due to factors such as limited marketing channels, product registration cycles, and branding.
Rapidly promoting the registration of overseas products; 3) Breaking through large chains of laboratories through niche projects in the last three years, the marketing of new coronary test agents has accelerated the breakthrough process: 4) Foreign market marketing policies are flexible, adapted to local conditions, and the localization of overseas sales and after-sales teams has continued. From the company’s loading in overseas markets in recent years, the share of large aircraft in the company has increased from 7% in 2018 to 7% in 2020.
By 26%, the share of large aircraft in the first three quarters of 2022 reached 36%. The increase in the number and proportion of large-scale aircraft in the medium-sized sector has contributed to an increase in the output of the Department’s single-board instruments abroad, as well as an increase in the Māori ratio compared to small-scale sales. In the long run, as a more successful company in the domestic chemical industry, with a boom in overseas operations, the company is already at the forefront of future competition with its counterparts, with a greater increase.
The ratio of reagent end revenues has, in our view, been growing at a higher rate. The source of Eastern finance and wisdom has grown.
In 2024, when the company reaches a higher penetration rate in the domestic level-II hospital and so on, the revenue from instrumentation will increase or even decline when the market for the tertiary hospital is further opened, and the revenue from instrumentation is expected to rise as the company ' s products become more recognized in the domestic level-III hospital, more resources are invested in the promotion of fully automated water lines and better open markets abroad in developed regions such as Europe and the United States.
At the end of the instrument, there will be a slight increase in the instrument end Māori ratio, as the ratio of reagent revenue in the company’s revenue structure increases, and the overall Māori ratio will increase as the ratio of reagent revenue increases, as large luminators slightly outperform small luminators.
And 18 times. The company is a home-grown chemical luminous, deep-farming industry that has for many years had advantages in instrument technology, reagents, and reliability, and a mature domestic and international marketing system. Keep in mind that the company is growing rapidly in the face of national production substitution and sea surges, covering, for the first time, a source of “strongly recommended” Eastern wealth.
New industries (300832): deep-deep chemically luminous track, with both product R & D and sales moving fast.
Mr. Yoo Tanda, research assistant.
Lin Chi Chi, Master of Finance, University of Foreign Economics and Trade, July 2021, joined the Eung Xing Bond.
The point of view is directly or indirectly related.
New industry (300832): Deep-farming chemically luminous and high-quality track, with both product development and marketing moving fast, does not guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.