Summary: On 17 June, some directors, supervisors and senior managers of the Beijing Bank Bulletin bought company shares from secondary markets with their own funds between 15 and 17 June 2022
As the impact of the epidemic continues, the retail transition has slowed, the recovery and steady growth policies have continued, and the economy in Beijing and elsewhere has been restored.
The environment has gradually stabilized, corporate stock issues have been cleared up, retail transformations, improved management of risk control, etc. Continued strengthening, company customer structures and business models have been transformed and fundamentals or bottoms have been stabilized. Publicity has deepened, financial performance has improved or improved, and fundamentals are expected to gradually drive up equity prices, looking at companies.
The second-tier market for management has demonstrated management's confidence in the company's fundamentals.
Prior to this increase, reference was made to the 2021 annual report, where a high proportion of company directors, supervisors, and high shares were reported. This increase highlighted the firm’s management’s confidence in the company’s future development.
The company’s write-off over the past few years has been large, stock quality problems have continued to be cleared, and there has been a significant easing of the company’s follow-up capacity. And the company continues to strengthen risk control, adjust its client and regional structures, and the sustainability of asset quality improvements is stronger.
Markets, digitization, publicization, etc. strategic landings and business upgrading, stock population activation, household base consolidation and income structure improvement. Stock problem identification and management improvement or step-by-step.
The downside of the economy has led to a deterioration in asset quality that is more than anticipated, regulatory controls that are better than expected, and the epidemic that has been expected repeatedly.
Qualifying in portfolio investment consultancy operations