Beijing Bank (601169): Increased confidence, promising prospects for retail transition: June 17, Beijing Bank issued an announcement that some of the directors were above June 15-17 as their own
The funds were purchased from the secondary market in the amount of 2.161 million shares of the company ' s shares at a price of $4.49-4.58 per share, with a commitment to a two-year period of lock-in. The assessment is as follows:
Management has increased its confidence in corporate development. This has included the Governor, Supervisor, retail industry, and other breakthroughs in capital promotion, listing, and cross-regional development.
In Beijing, there are three branches and nearly 300 networks that continue to optimize the financial supply around the "four centres" and "two districts" in Beijing.
For the first time, this growth has highlighted management’s confidence in the company’s future business development and strategic transformation. A new chairman of the board, who will continue to build technology, culture, green gold, has taken office, and a retail strategic transformation has accelerated.
The Bank of Beijing has accelerated the pace of retail transformation, created a new retail strategy based on client experience and value, integrated product systems, technology and culture during the 14th Five-Year Period.
In the broader context of nation-building, the advantage of company-specific services will be more pronounced in the context of the “flyboard 1 credit business, where credit placements continue to favour retail loans, especially high-yielding loans, and effects.” The company’s integrated business landscape will be covered.
Consumer lending. 1q22 loans increased by 12.6 per cent compared to the previous year, higher than the overall loan increase; individual operations and withdrawals in the five main areas of financial leasing, consumer finance, fund and asset management, life insurance, rural finance and the creation of stronger ones in the industry.
On the meso-business side, a system of wealth management based on value added was created in the embrace of the era of “big wealth management”. 1q22 Beijing Bank aum grew by over 120 billion, to 923.1 billion, with insurance premiums and high-quality private fund-raising growing by 16.3 per cent and 35 per cent from the beginning of the year, with private sector clients outnumbering 12,000.
The company has a strong base of retail customer cooperation in Beijing, particularly in the areas of social security, public funds, medical treatment, etc.: in addition, the Beijing region has a large net population base, private sector and wealth management.
Business growth potential is also high. We believe that the firm’s current strategic direction, strong strategy implementation and a stronger foundation for retail customer cooperation are expected to lead to a sustained breakthrough in the size of its retail operations and a rapid increase in its contribution, leading to an overall increase in corporate profitability.
In addition, the Bank of Beijing has established its own economic development and played an important role in the construction of cities, priority projects, and the development of priority industries. At the same time, it has gradually strengthened its operations in the areas of finance, social security, health care, taxation, medical care, and public funds.
At the same time, firms have a relatively strong capacity to perform their business differently, with out-of-country lending in late 21 years amounted to 60.6% and 56.0%, which is higher than that of comparable urban comptoirs. The focus outside the capital covers developed regions such as the Long Triangle, the Pearl Triangle, and so forth, and regional credit demand is strong.
The company has completed 60 billion long-term debt issuances, and capital replenishments will boost its credit delivery in the Kyoto and Kyoto regions. Investment proposals: The Bank of Beijing will continue to strengthen the location of its services capital and accelerate the transformation of its retail business.
Continued optimization of the liability structure, accelerated transformation of wealth management operations; continued prudent wind control, gradual clean-up of risks, stable asset quality; and reasonable adequacy of stock provision. We expect net profit returns in 2022/2023, location advantages and off-site expansion of space, asset quality improvements leading to performance release space, and maintenance of “pulls”
Recommended Ratings. Current firm strategic direction and firm strategy implementation are expected to drive retail operations to scale and profit contributions to achieve their own high-quality development.
Bank of Beijing (601169).
• Beijing Bank (601169): I'm confident, and the prospects for a retail transition are promising.
I've been in the banking industry for years, and I've been in the gold, sea and skywind banking industry.
You will not have any part of your salary that has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
Bank of Beijing (601169): The Director has increased confidence, and the prospects for retail transformation are promising.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know it, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter evaluated or recommended in this report. Where the law so permits, my company and its affiliated institutions may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.