Summary of statements: Beijing Bank discloses a 3.5 per cent return net profit per year for 2021, net interest income and net fees income drops by 0.4 per cent and 6.3 per cent, other non-interest income increases by 41 per cent and operating income by the same year
This represents a 3.1 per cent increase in the same year and a 1.1 per cent decrease in the previous year ' s profit before the provision. In the first quarter of 2022, net profit repatriation and profit recovery continued, retail transition moved forward with a 23 per cent decline in interest earnings, a 2.1 per cent increase in operating income and a 2.8 per cent decline in the previous year ' s profit before the provision.
The accelerated pace of the retail transformation of banks in Beijing, the continued optimization of the revenue structure, and the continued strengthening of risk control. The accelerated pace of the retail transformation of firms, the continuous consolidation of the customer base, management-led business improvements, large stocks, the activation of the customer base, and the rising share of retail operations have led to rapid growth in risk management.
Business and finance data reflect inventory risk clean-up, and companies move forward with strategic transformation and step-by-step.
The company’s annual, quarterly performance contribution comes mainly from size, provision, and non-interest.
Continuing fees have continued to improve, growing 36.2% in the first quarter, mainly in relation to the wealth business. Net interest spreads have declined slightly, lending ratios have continued to rise, special deposit growth has continued to improve, scale growth and interest income growth have slowed slightly.
The bottom line of the economy has led to a deterioration in asset quality that is more than expected, and regulatory controls that are more than expected.
Bank: Central Bank ii
Summary of statement: The Bank of Beijing announced a 3.5 per cent increase in the parent ' s net profit in 2021, a 0.4 per cent decrease in net interest income and 6.3 per cent in net income from fees, a 41 per cent increase in other non-interest income from year to year, a 3.1 per cent increase in operating income from year to year, a 1.1 per cent decrease in profits from year to year before provision, a 6.6 per cent increase in net profit from year to year from the parent, a 0.7 per cent increase in net interest income and a 36.2 per cent increase in net revenue from fees, and other non-interest income
The retail transformation of banks in Beijing has accelerated, business structures have been optimized, and risk controls have been strengthened. The company’s retail transformation has accelerated, with continuous consolidation of the real customer base, management-led business improvements, the activation of high-quality stock customers, and the increasing share of retail operations, which has led to rapid growth.
Add, or reflect, a real push for digitalization strategies and a gradual shift in mechanisms. Business and finance reflect both stock risk clean-up and more public upscaling space, keeping in view corporate value and equity performance.
36.2 per cent, mainly related to wealth operations. The net interest spread ring has declined slightly, the loan ratio has increased, and the growth of special deposits has continued to improve. Technology and human inputs have increased, with faster cost increases, commensurate with the strategic transformation of companies and changes in client structure.
Retail transformation has accelerated, with increased client multipliers and income contributions. First, the retail customer base has continued to expand, with a large stock of customers active. In 2021 there were 25,658,000 customers, with an additional 2.0790 million households, or more than 7.5 million. In 2021, there were 14.16 million e-bank customers, with a retail customer penetration rate of nearly 60 per cent, up by 4 percentage points from the same year.
Retail customer e-bank penetration increased by 4 percentage points from the same year, with 11.32 million mobile bank users and over 4 million monthly users, an increase of 74 per cent from the beginning of the year. Retail lending grew rapidly at 9.3 per cent compared to the beginning of the year, with a steady increase in the ratio of business and consumer loans, reaching 40 per cent in the first quarter.
Third, retail line contributions continued to rise. In 2021, retail sales earned $18.19 billion, up 27.9 per cent from the same year, and 28.1 per cent from the same year, an increase of 5.39 percentage points. In the first quarter, net retail interest income grew by 23.4 per cent from the same year, a rise of more than 6 per cent from the same period, with an increase in the median.
The ratio of operating loans increased and the rate of return increased; at the end of the first quarter, the balance was similar, with deposits increasing by 8.4 per cent compared to the beginning of the year, and the rate of return increased by 4.55 per cent compared to the medium term by 1 bp, mainly as a result of the increase in the ratio of retail loans and returns, which eased downward pressure on the rate of return. On the liability side, the cost of deposits was 1.97 per cent, up by 2 bp over the medium term.
The annual report shows a 24.7 per cent increase in corporate agency business as compared to the annual company report.
Science, technology, and human inputs have increased, with faster cost increases, commensurate with the strategic transformation of companies and changes in client structures. The volume of transformational inputs has reached $2.24 billion, a 43% increase over the same period, in R & D, equipment procurement, and infrastructure development.
II. Increases in remuneration costs as a result of the increase in the number of personnel, and refers to the subsequent steady increase in staff remuneration, increased exposure to stock-building risks for the professional workforce, a tendency towards strict identification, continuous upgrading of risk controls, improvements in companies not only in terms of continuous exposure to stock risks, but also in terms of customer infrastructure adjustments and improved risk management.
As a pro-cyclical sector, banks have a strong correlation between corporate business development and economic development. Consider economic development affecting the performance of the real economy and profitability, thereby affecting the quality of assets in the banking sector.
Under the 2020 epidemic, supervision guided banks to give way to the real economy, and the economic development policy of the enabling entity in 2021 continued, but if interest rate regulation or the supermarket of the enabling policy were to be expected, it would affect the bank’s profitability performance.