Incidents: On 17 June 2022, the Bank of Beijing issued an announcement whereby some directors, supervisors and senior managers (hereinafter, “Ombudsman”) were locked in for two years from the date of purchase of the above-mentioned shares from the secondary market from 15 to 17 June 2022 with their own funds.
\triangleright did not previously hold shares in the company, with a combined increase of 2,161.9 million shares, which is equivalent to the first increase in senior executive positions in the Bank of Beijing in recent years. This increase highlights management's performance with regard to the company's development prospects and market value
Retailing has worked well, with a new chairman in place, and head-town traders rejuvenate. Retailing has moved into fast lanes since 2020, when it was proposed to bring about a full transformation of retail services over a five-year period.
In March 22, Chairman Huo took office and actively promoted the “five transformations” led by a digital transition.
In this context, building on the upgrading of retail services, the deep-seated intellectual transformation of the offline network, the creation of an integrated wealth platform for “Inputing to the Beijing Bank” (601169.sh) 2021 and “Bank + Business + Private” in 2022, the retail transition of the Bank in Beijing will be to “Retail money”
The 2022 quarterly report explains that retail transformation has borne fruit, with the first out of $1 trillion, while retail sales have contributed one third of its revenue.”
The valuation is at a historically low level, with performance now “at a turning point”, executive growth and corporate development “bound” and a return to the good market value. As of 17 June 2022, the bank of Beijing pb (lf) was 0.43 times, and it is at a historical split of 1% since it was listed in 2007. 22q1, the parent net profit ratio plus 3.1 pct.
The deep binding of interests and corporate development is expected to provide further incentives for management to “spill for good” and promote high-quality and quantitative growth of companies, thereby boosting market value. Investment proposals: executives have increased confidence and retail transitions are solidly advanced.
Retail transition has had a significant impact, with a significant increase in the scale of operations and performance contributions; a new Chairman is in place and actively promotes the “five major transformations”, which are expected to further contribute to the goal of retail transition; and 22q1 performance is now at a turning point, as shown in figure 1: Beijing Bank collection structure as of the end of 2021
Figure 2: Bank of Beijing retail customer aum as at 22q1 (millions of yuan) Figure 4: Bank of Beijing ' s performance as at 22q1 plus rate (single season) Summary of corporate financial statement data projections
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.