Bank of Beijing (601169): Improved quality of assets, incident: On 29 April, the Bank of Beijing published its annual report 2021 and its quarterly report 2022.
At the end of the quarter, the negative rate was 1.44% and the ring ratio was equal; the provision covered 211.5%, up by 1.3 pct from the end of 21 years;
There are three branches, nearly 300 web sites, around Beijing, where “the four harvests have grown faster, there have been fewer provisions, and the net profit growth loops have recovered over the past quarter. The Beijing Banking Centre’s “two districts” has continued to optimize the financial supply.
Net profits increased by 3.5% in 2021 and by 6.6% in the same year, and the rate of increase in profits recovered. By maintaining the speciality and building on technology, culture, green gold, the main drivers of profit growth are scale, non-interest income growth, and reduced provisions for making advances.
In the context of the 14th century of technology, culture and nation-building, the "flying wheels" of the advantages of company-specific services.
The Bank of Beijing’s economic development, the effects of which are rooted in the capital, will become more visible. The company’s integrated business map covers an important role in city-building, priority projects, and priority industrial development.
Financial leasing, consumer finance, funds and asset management, life, and the gradual strengthening of insurance and rural finance in the areas of finance, social security, health care, taxation, medical care, public funds, etc.
The services feature, creating a differentiated competitive advantage among commercial banks in the region. At the same time, companies have more comparable comptoirs.
In recent years, North Kyoto banks have highlighted the strategic role of retail transformation and increased retail support. Credit lending continues to go to retail.
Loans were tilted towards 36% retail loans at the end of the 21st year, up by 2.8% on the same year; in particular, high-yield loans, consumer loans, increased by 72.1%, helped to stabilize interest differentials and boost the profitability of lending operations. At the same time, the accelerated transformation of the wealth management business has led to the formation of a “gold”.
Total equity/currenta (millions) card-platinum-wealth-private sector customer stratification system, 21 years of income from wealth management operations increased on a year-on-year basis
81.7% of companies have significant advantages in such areas as social security, public funds, and health care. The retail customers in Beijing are solid, the high net worth of people in the region have greater scope to dig, and the development of wealth management is expected to drive a steady digital transition that is expected to enable them to operate efficiently and efficiently.
In 2021, investment accounted for 3.5% of the revenue. The S&T R & D Centre was launched, and financial firms continued to work: technological organizational architecture was continuously optimized, and the digital transition was steadily moving forward. Financial technology was expected to enable operations and improve effectiveness in the areas of licensing, risk control, distribution of channels, data operation, etc.
In recent years, the Bank of Beijing has continued to increase its efforts to dispose of bad assets, to speed up the clean-up of its stocks, and to improve its wind system.
14bp, potential adverse stress relief. With the improvement of asset quality marginality, it is expected that provision will be made for stress or investment-by-investment proposals: the Bank of Beijing will continue to strengthen the location of the capital of its services and accelerate the transformation of retail operations, assets, s14851907002
Continued optimization of the liability structure, accelerated transformation of wealth management operations; continued prudent wind control, gradual clean-up of risks, stable asset quality; reasonable adequacy of stock provision. We expect a net return to the mother in 2022/2023.
Quality of assets and speed of retail transformation.
Figure 1: Increased net profit growth of 1q22 from the Bank of Beijing, Figure 2: Discreet of performance of the Bank of Beijing, 2021 and 1q22, Figure 3: Growth of bank deposits, loans, interest-bearing assets in Beijing on a year-on-year basis
Figure 4: Beijing bank loans as a percentage of interest-bearing assets increased to 56.5 per cent by the end of 2021; figure 5: Beijing bank lending as a percentage of 35.2 per cent by the end of 2021; figure 6: Beijing bank bad rate decreased by 2bp to 1.44 per cent by the end of 2021.
The source of financial and intellectual growth in the East, the source of financial and intellectual growth in the East, the Beijing Bank (601169): improved asset quality, faster retail transition.
I've been in the banking industry for years, and I've been in the gold, sea and skywind banking industry.
You will not have any part of your salary that has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
East Hing Securities Corporation, Beijing Bank (601169): Improved asset quality, faster retail transition
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know it, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter evaluated or recommended in this report. Where the law so permits, my company and its affiliated institutions may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.