Retail and wealth management efforts to see the transformational effects released by the Beijing Bank (601169.sh) incident company published the annual 2021 and the one-quarter 2022 reports.
Improved profitability, impairments released profits in 2021 and 2022 q1, company operating income increased on a par, 1st latitude, retail business transformation benefits released, loan deposits increased, top structure optimized 2022 q1, net corporate interest
Revenues amounted to $12,971 million, an increase of 0.67 per cent over the same period. Retail operations performed well, with net interest earnings rising by 23.4 per cent, or more than 6 per cent. Assets-end credit structures were optimized, retail loans were transformed, retail loans increased by 77 per cent, and high-yield loans increased by 77 per cent in retail loans.
Over 70%, structural optimization contributed to an increase in asset end-of-end returns, and a quarterly increase in retail lending returns by 21bp compared to the beginning of the year: the increase in end-of-debt deposits was significantly improved and cost advantages were higher. In addition, retail demand deposits grew faster.
36.17 per cent, mainly due to the firm's vigorous development of strategic business such as wealth management, the agency and commissioning of wealth management products exceeding $50 billion, the increase in insurance coverage, private fund-raising, and other non-interest income, which was at the core of which was at the beginning of the year. 2022q1, the company's other non-interest income was the same.
With an increase of 1.28 percentage points compared to the beginning of the year, the risk offset capacity has increased, and investment suggests that the company will deepen its cultivation in the Beijing region and insist on a digital transformation that will lead to five major transformations: “development models, business structures, customer structures, operating capabilities, and management.”
The Division's operations have advanced in “customer multipliers”, effective clients have grown rapidly, with high levels of volatility, greenness, technology, culture and finance; retail operations have increased their contribution, loan holdings have increased and market shares have increased; core deposits at the end of the debt have become more accessible and costs have been reduced. In addition, off-the-shelf wealth management has increased.
This report is presented independently and objectively, taking into account the company’s basics and equity commitments, and it clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.