29/09/2020: The company signed an Investment Cooperation Agreement with Zhejiang Jingse Electric Co. Ltd. and the company will sign the Investment Cooperation Agreement.
The establishment of a joint venture with $245 million in self-financing for the Ningxia Crystal Electronics Company, with 49 per cent of registered capital, is limited. • The creation of a joint venture for the Sapphire Crystals Corporation to take advantage of market demand upgrading opportunities: the new company is mainly engaged
Technology development, manufacturing and marketing of industrial sapphire crystals. As consumer electronics continue to be updated, sapphire penetration continues in areas such as smart watch mirrors and backcaps, smart phone and tablet computers, camera protection mirrors, fingerprint recognition mirrors, and protection panels.
Upgraded, has become the mainstream of consumer e-product contact displays, appearance protection, and downstream customers are increasingly demanding for sapphire applications, with orders rising rapidly from year to year. At the same time, sapphire, as a high-quality led-lined material, is also expected to benefit from emerging applications such as Miniled.
The sapphire market has a strong edge: companies are the first suppliers in the industry to import sapphires into medium- and high-end electronics, and markets have a pre-eminent advantage.
So far, companies have developed whole-of-industry chains from sapphire long-crystal equipment development, large-scale long-crystal production, crystals deep-processed materials to mass-manufactured products of various specifications applications, and sapphire products have become large-scale commercialized on smartphones and smart watch products of world-famous consumer electronic customers.
The global sapphire market is constantly gathering high-quality customers and medium- and high-end product resources, leading the industry in terms of technology development and development, product applications, scale of production and city-level ownership.
We're going to start with a strong combination of sapphire markets, a vertical integration strategy, and a city where we're going to start with super-sized sapphire crystal growth technology, and companies' rich market capital in the field of sapphire.
This collaboration is expected to build on regional advantages and preferential policies in the western region.
A secure channel for the supply of sapphire raw materials of defined, low-cost and high-quality quality, with a light asset model that meets high-quality market resources, industry leaders, ios and Andres major customers’ demand for expanded sapphire products.
Innovation High 2020-08-18 Centralizes companies in the supply chain of large clients and expands the company's global appearance structure and functions3 BluesTech (300433): Vertical
The leading edge in the field is laying the foundation for the continued progress of the corporate vertical integration strategy, which has achieved significant results, with h1 performance generating sufficient growth momentum for future performance, and with reference to comparable corporate valuations, such as sophisticated communications, for companies.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board