The vertical integration strategy has been very effective, with h1 having a record record high of 1,924 million yuan, of which q2 is the mother ' s net profit of 10.25-1041 million, resulting in a significant reversal of the profit. • Client and product structure has been further optimized, with record high performance: the company achieved H1 in 2020
Mother-to-child net profit of $1.908-19.24 billion, which is a significant and historic gain, effectively changed the problem of higher profit volatility in the last half of the year. Thanks mainly to the company’s high level of product orders and demand, it has been further optimized in terms of customer and product structure.
Management efficiency, production efficiency, and product excellence have improved further than last year. With leading industrial-tech firms expanding in areas such as smartphones, smart wear, new-energy cars, and smart-house electricity, firms have expanded their market share in high-quality, disaggregated products around the world.
▪ The glass sheet is strong and the market share is rising steadily: Lancet is a global glass plate leader, a customer is a major supplier and, in recent years, with the technological preponderance gradually expanding, the company is working with large clients to advance the development of new products, and the value and share of the single machine doubles in;
The Andre market, where the company's high-end 3d glass product continues to penetrate, has become a core supplier of high-end machines to high-quality customers such as Hua, Mi, Opo, Vivo, whose market share is at the top of the industry; in the market for mobile phone products, the company is now known for its wisdom in apples, Samsung, Oppo, Mi, etc.
▪ Integration accelerates and widens growth boundaries: in the field of physical appearances, companies have access to core technology for materials and products such as glass, sapphire, metals, etc.; in the field of contact displays, companies
Actively expanding the market for applications such as smart phones, smart watches and car electronics has now stabilized the supply of electronics on vehicles, visual structures to branded customers such as Tesla; in smart equipment 1, LanceTech (300433), gathering
In this area, firms have specialized equipment for autonomous R & D manufacturing, intelligent manufacturing and production line automation water, high-quality market resources, business continuity and business continuity, further expanding the company’s core competitive advantage. Companies are constantly strengthening their industrial chains.
Integration to provide a one-stop integrated product solution for clients to build platform-based competition for good 2020-04-30, with sufficient momentum for future performance growth.
Profit forecasting and investment rating: the company has a prominent position in the glass plate, while keeping it up to date with the new heights of 2020-04-29.
Integration of strong industrial chains, expansion of growth boundaries, promising benefits from smart phones, smart wears and cars, 3, LanceTech (300433): flagship effects highlighted, high performance expectations
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board