LanceTechnology: Data growth reflects competitive advantages, innovation for diversity guarantees the growth of the industry.
37.05% of the net profit from the mother is $1,912 million, an increase of $2,068 million over the same period last year, with a significant increase in the same year in the first half of the year for all major product lines. According to the semi-annual report, the company generated $11,164 million in sales of small-sized glass protection products, up from the same period the previous year.
40.96 per cent; income from sales of large-scale protected glass products of $2.329 billion is higher than in the same period in the previous year.
In the first half of the year, especially in the first quarter of the year, the global consumer electronics market was affected by the Chinese-American trade war and the new total market value/flow (million dollar) boom.
The 12-month peak/minimum increase and the substantial increase in profits have been a powerful response to all voices of blues uncertainty. In particular, the growth in revenue and the increase in sales to the top five clients have shown a few signs of reversibility.
LanceTechnology (300433) The Return of the King of LanceTechnology, based on: 1.iphone11 and a quarter of iphonee2, 2.
Rapid growth in the volume of goods delivered by market core clients; 3. First half of a year, including the Andre brand manufacturer -- 2020/07/08 Heat-seller-type glass, Lance is either a core major supplier or a sole supplier, and this depends on this.
Lancet Technologies (300433) "Standing mountains, not pre-arranged by the technological power of companies, leading edges of advanced production equipment and capacity size, " — 2020/04/30.
It's important that companies continue to maintain better levels of profitability in the future and lead their competitors in the industry.
A major competitive tool between 2020/03/30. With smartphones entering stock games, performance competition and homogenization, appearances have been developing the upward trend of innovation, even if
No changes or slowdowns after the 5g switch came, and in order to pour 3.5d and quadruple screens in two successive generations of flag ships, Mi tried to launch a 180° current longitude screen, even for a client, although it was somewhat conservative to upgrade with Andre brands, and it stopped in 2.5d form.
Three generations of products are left, but the iPhone 11's integrated lenses and physical sands still create a clear apple identification. The continuous upgradation of the appetizers reflects the user's desire for cellular beauty and provides the industry basis for the growth of Lancet technology.
Core clients start a new five-g cycle, optimistic that the company will grow in the next two years. In the second half of this year, a client will launch the first generation of five-g phones, even in the face of the negative impact of netnet activity in the United States.
Market expectations for the generation of mobile phones remain generally optimistic, while, in the case of Lance's glass look, a customer's high probability of continuing to write about increased protection, adding a higher value added backside penetration, and the average single machine value of the company's products remains the same.
There is room for further upgrading, which is an important guarantee that companies will continue to achieve efficient, high-quality development in the second half of the year. Looking ahead, companies will continue to deepen vertical integration of the industrial chain in the coming year, with the advantage of client channels in the glass landscape, with a view to lateral entry into the metal structure.
This has led to the expectation of penetration into the assembly business area, thus increasing the firm ' s performance over the next four consecutive quarters of the next two to three years, a trend that will continue in the face of the increasing difficulty of the manufacturing process and the accelerated pace of evolution.
A new 5-g cycle for heart customers is about to start, which will drive the growth of the entire smartphone and upstream glass-side viewing industry, while the main profits of the future industry will be more to technology and production when the gap between head and second-line firms is widened during the stock-baking phase.
With a well-stocked elite, we look at Lance's industry core and its sustainability, and we look forward to a much higher degree of decline than expected: (2) some core clients have delayed the release of new products due to, inter alia, the containment of demand by the epidemic: (3) the competitive price reduction has led to a decline in the industry's profit margin. (4)
Q2q3 household orders are exposed to the risk of uncertain macroeconomic fluctuations.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report