BluesTech (300433) Electronics reports high performance re-innovation, with the advantage of vertical integration platforms emerging at the Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre.
• Summary of performance: company disclosure of mid-2020 performance, 2020h1 revenue of $15.57 billion, an increase of 37.1 per cent over the same period: net profit return of $1.91 billion (a loss of $160 million over the same period last year) is in the medium-state performance forecast, with impressive growth in 2020h1 performance and a significant increase in q2 in the same and ring ratios.
The current revenue is 15,57 billion yuan, of which q2, q2, q$ 8,62 billion, an increase of 31.5 per cent in the same period, and ring growth of 24.0 per cent: net profit attributable to mother: 2020h1, net profit paid to mother: $1.91 billion, of which q2, q2 dollars, $1.03 billion, lost $600 million in the same period last year, with a greater increase of 16.5 per cent. Company q2 battalion grew 16.5 per cent.
LanthsTech has seen a significant increase in the same-year and ring-to-ring growth of the net profit from the collection and repatriation of mothers. At the same time, the company has been resonant since 2019q3 and has contributed to strong growth in corporate profitability.
This is mainly due to the combination of the following factors: 1) a strong external demand: (a) a strong demand for end equipment, such as hand machines, smart watches, tablets, etc., with a high demand for new-energy vehicles, and a strong demand for electronics in vehicles. 2) A higher level of internal operations: further vertical integration of companies, various types of end-products.
There has been a steady increase in product integration, combined with an in-house advantage, a steady improvement in subsidiary operations, and positive results in supply chain management. 3) The response to the epidemic has been positive: during the epidemic, companies have been proactive in taking the lead in achieving full recovery.
• Consumer electronics and auto electronics demand will continue to drive company growth. Consumer electronics end: with the 5g acceleration and the resulting switchover (end-of-equipment change), companies will continue to benefit from the growth in performance generated by new machines, public.
The Division is deeply involved in the apple supply chain, which includes mobile phones, tablets, and a large share of alllewatch glass, blue stones, ceramic components, and touch-and-touch matches, while adding the Andres chain to demand for new ones. The Automobile Electronic End; the Division is currently in the Tesla supply chain and will continue to benefit from Tesla as the main approximator of the control screen and b column.
The net return profit over the next three years will remain at a compound rate of 33.8%, taking into account the company's glass caps, the industry's leading industry, which is expanding up and down, the industrial chain layout is gradually improving, and synergies are gradually increasing.
Clients offer a one-stop solution that is expected to develop into a platform-based smart manufacturing company, giving companies less penetration than expected in 2020: motor electronics demand is less than expected.
The company was founded in 2003 and placed on the market in 2015. The company’s main business has been focused on high-end window-protected glass panels, appearance-protected new materials, products such as sapphire, fine ceramics, glass, etc.
Areas such as vehicle-borne equipment. Client groups cover the front line of mainstream consumer electronic brands: Apples, Huahua, Mi, Opo, vivo, Tesla, Amazon, etc. Figure 1: 2020h1 receipts per company business camp (billions of dollars)
The company’s business structure: The main three main components of the company’s current revenue are small- and medium-sized protective glass, new materials and metals, and large-scale protective glass. The collection structure: Small-sized protective glass business revenue for company 2020h1 is $11.16 billion, a year-on-year increase of 11.9%. Māori accounts for 31.9 billion Māori, and 74.1% Māori, a small-size protected glass business.
Māori is the company's head; Māori for large-scale glass protection operations is R$52 million. 12.1 per cent; Māori for new materials and metals is R$490 million, or 11.5 per cent; Māori's share of comparative revenues is not different because of the similar level of Māori for three operations.
The year was 30.26 billion, or 15.1%, of the cagr. The net profit from the company ' s return was 15.4 billion yuan from 2015, mainly as a result of the overall decline in demand in the consumer electronics market in 2018, increased competition in the industry, and proactive strategies to ensure product utilization and reduce price sales to cope with the impact of market volatility on companies.
Assumption 1: Small and Medium Size Protective Glass: Increase in the volume of new sales (including apple systems and paragraph 3 of the year to 5 of the expected) and the value of single glass panels under the effect of a 5-g switch in operations, taking into account the high base of the operation: Large Size Protective Glass: mainly used for platform computers and electronic vehicle control devices, driven by the impact of the beneficial epidemic
Considerable growth in the demand for mobile terminal equipment and the demand for high-end smart car upgrades as a car-end client Tesla Assuming that materials such as new materials and metals: company precision ceramics and sapphire chips have been widely used, will be accompanied by an average annual increase of 10 per cent in orders and a Maori rate of around 26.5 per cent.
We have chosen the same sophisticated, resourceful, and Gore shares as comparable companies, 50 times the current average of a company, and we believe that the company has a certain valuation advantage. Twenty-three times the net return profit over the next three years will remain at a compound growth rate of 33.8%. Given the company’s continuous growth up and down, the company’s output will continue to grow.
The business chain layout has gradually improved, and synergies have been strengthened, to provide a one-stop solution for clients, and it is hoped that Novo will develop into any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report. Southwest Securities Holdings Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “MSC”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy approved by the CMS.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.