BluesTechnology (300433) IT hardware and equipment
Event: The Company and its wholly-owned subsidiary, Lance Internationalco., Ltd. and Sci. Ltd., signed the Equity Dealing Contract on 18 August 2020, which buys winning technology held by sellers in cash in the amount of RMB 9.9 billion (Thai).
The acquisition is significant, and the platform-type layout is already in motion. The acquisition is important for Lancey.
Significant, the market's been hearing about Lance and what could have been acquired for a long time, and many of Taiwan's media have been reporting about this, but many of the stories before are not about Lance, and many of the market's agencies don't really appreciate whether or not Lance can take it. So, here's what we're talking about.
The next successful battle between the two metal casings and structural parts of the country, which are well under way, is also the battle of the blue stock/flow (millions of shares) to prove their central position in the apple supply chain. Apples are G2 in the world.
Total market value/flow (millions of dollars) is bound to reshape the supply chains of different systems, while Lance, like the Quest, is 12 months old at the highest/minimum (million dollars)
China has achieved a very important start point in its strategic deployments. The second important thing to do is to import mobile metal casings and assemble them for Lance.
The business, so that the industry position of the blues platform company will no longer be called into question, which, according to growth, reflects a competitive advantage, innovation for protection, is very important for Blues. Market institutions used to look at it in the past with a mediocre and narrow perspective.
The barrier industry growth -- 2020/08/18. Lance is often ill with the cyclical nature of the asset and glass sheet industry, and we also published LanceTechnology (300433) "From Part Core Money."
A number of reports argue against this negative view. After importing it, Ramsy and an industry lined with indicators of the return of the kings of LansyTechnology stand on a similar starting line: it's an unquestionable dragon in the area of the breakdown of his own home.
–200/07/08 head of enterprise, crossing from glass sheeting into metal casings and introducing a clear hand for subsequent growth.
The aircraft assembly business, as our industry knows, will be done soon as the assets are handed over -- 2020/04/30 -- to import the assembly business for Lance, and the blueprint for the company platform layout has been rolled out.
The purchase is price-friendly, and looks at the synergies between Lance and the winning and profitable integration. For this purchase, the firm will have a very reasonable value of $9.9 billion, and it will be able to compete with the assets of two of the other plants, which are well-established and well-established, in terms of the announcement statements, in the first quarter of this year.
After completing nearly 200 million net profits, the annualized returns should be more than 800 million, and the value of this acquisition is also based on past research that we have learned that the level of automation of the carat line is better than that of Lance, but it's not as good as it is, but it's in a number of factories across the apple system.
Horizontal comparisons are still more advanced. Especially a key asset that has the effect of an entry ticket, a price that is quite reasonable from the buyer’s point of view.
One of the other companies that has already started a blueprint for the platform's layout has offered more than 10 billion dollars, but it has not been successful.
And it's very important to work together up and down. On the operating channels, and on the supply of the iphone over the years, Lance and I have worked together for quite a while, especially in the first half of this year, in both the epidemic and the Chinese-American trade war.
Against the background of a good match between Lance and the availability of the core client's many new items, and the smooth flow of orders between them, the combination of the two assets, the handover and the future resumption of operations will not be too much to prevent.
The profit-making process should be completed by 31 December of this year, so objectively, this acquisition will not have a significant impact on the profits of Lancet this year, and next year we estimate that the gains and benefits will be effective in increasing the sales revenues of the company by more than 10 billion, and that the profits will be higher than the $1 billion.
In addition, the company ' s profit expectations and profitability levels in 2021 (because of upstream and downstream synergies) will be able to obtain the acquisition of assets into the center frame and assembly business, and the blueprint for the company platform layout has been rolled out: (2) the competitive price reduction has led to a decline in the industry ' s profit margins. (3) downstream customers q2q3
Orders are at risk of uncertainty about macroeconomic fluctuations; (4) Lance is not as successful or as attractive as the Academy.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.