Quality market pooling, industry leading up to high-performance innovation JPY 37.05 per cent in the same year, and net profit return of $1.912 billion in the same year, 132.42 per cent in the same year.
▪ The concentration effect of high-quality client products is evident, with record performance: in 2020, the company ' s net profit was 1322.42 per cent higher than in 2020, and in 2020 q2 net profit was 1831.30 per cent higher than in 2020. In 2020, h1, the company operated efficiently and steadily.
Well, the industry has taken the lead in bringing about a full resumption of production, with better levels of management efficiency, production efficiency and good product performance compared to last year. With the power of leading intelligent manufacturing and the production advantage of fast sampling and volume production, the company’s main product orders are strong, demand is strong, and revenue from product lines is high.
This is a significant trend in the same-year growth, with a marked increase in market ownership in the global high-quality customer and medium- and high-end segmented product areas, which has led to a high rate of growth in the company’s business performance.
28.38 per cent, an increase of 8.81 percentage points, and a net interest rate of 12.07 per cent, which is also a significant increase over the same period last year, mainly due to the company's continued promotion of product upgrading and new product development in the area of operations represented by small and medium-sized glass protections, resulting in further excellence in the customer and product structure
At the same time, the advantages of a company as a leader in the industry and automated production have gradually emerged, significantly increasing its profitability. As a result of the advancement of lean management, the company's business performance has continued to improve, with a 52.13% H1 asset liability in 2020, a decline of 11.17 percentage points in the same year.
It became a business goal for the first half of the year and laid a solid foundation for high-quality development in the future. The integration strategy has been very effective, with h1 achieving a high-quality performance with a strong glass cap and an integrated approach that widens the growth boundaries: the company agrees with a client.
New High History 2020-07-13 with the promotion of new glass sheeting development, with single machine value and share double up; company high end 3dBo 2, BluesTech (300433): conglomerate
The continued penetration of the product in Andre market has become a high-quality customer, such as Hua dynasty and Mi, a high-quality market resource, a company that operates a sustainable core supplier, with a firm market at the top of the industry; in addition, the company is now also providing apples and triads.
At present, the company has a leading technology and market position in the areas of glass, sapphire, good 2020-04-30 ceramics, metals, touch control, approximation, modularization, and so on.
3 BluesTech (300433): Vertically active downstream industries such as layout materials, equipment, smart manufacturing, providing a one-stop complex for customers, and better integration, with more flowers and more.
Product solutions to build platform-based competitive advantages, with sufficient momentum for future performance growth. Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, already has a portfolio investment advisory committee