"LanceTechnology" (300433) IT technology hardware and equipment.
Recovering profits continue to grow in a complex manner, with a strong endogenous competitiveness building up new platforms, vertically integrating and developing new spaces. LanthsTech, founded in 2006, landed in the capital market in 2015 and, starting in 2011, benefited from the growing volume and appearance of end-of-service smartphones.
The upgrading of building blocks and the rapid growth of global smartphones, and the continuous repatriation of corporate operating income, have increased from $6.03 billion in 2011 to $30.258 billion in 2019, and the net profits of companies have increased from 2019q3 to 2020q1.
The company has achieved a new high of single-quarter net profits in three consecutive quarters, especially in the first quarter of 2020, and in the face of the impact of the new crowning epidemic on the global electronics industry chain, the company has still achieved operating revenues of $6,950 million, an increase of 44.60 per cent over the same period, resulting in a net return of $883 million to the mother, which is an increase of $883 million.
Underlying an excellent report card is the competitive advantage that companies have established in various layouts over the past two years, that companies are a model of endogenous growth in local electronics, that companies demand and risk for mergers and acquisitions, that there is no goodwill for the rest of the year, and that the expansion of firms is very cautious.
In the direction of business, the company is not firm in the consumer electronic window-protected glass industry, but rather, it's RamsyTech (300433), p. 40, blues.
Based on the accumulation of technological processes in core areas of business and the depth of the external view of the structural industries, there is a deep-seated and re-emerging exhibition stand, where the vertical and vertical expansion of the industrial chain, such as entry, takes place from the inside and from the outside, from the point and from the side.
--2020/03/30 BluesTech (300433) Technological Crafts Innovations is the beginning of the year on the layout of the Appearances Platform, with the prospect that the successor company will be born and joined.
Continuous evolution, client resources and scale delivery acquisition, and rapid multi-dimensional growth. Industry leads the way for stable Maori: R & D innovation, big global clients, high-quality “heavy assets.”
Automated equipment has a high threshold of achievement. From the annual reports, the company ' s Māori rate has been maintained at a relatively high level because: (1) deep binding of core clients, understanding and addressing client needs from the research and development stage, and establishing lines
The company ' s first-largest client contributed more than 50% of its income (56.03% in 2012), and overdependence on a customer has been considered one of the risks of the company, but in the rapid growth of the smartphone market (2009-2015),a the customer has always been a customer.
It's smartphone appearances, and even market leaders, who bind such customers from the R & D stage, and who contribute significantly to the rapid growth of companies until they establish industry leadership. From the corporate level, it is clear that a deliberate reduction in the dependency of large clients will have the effect of a South-North divide.
A customer's single product series has a longer life cycle, more and more stable output, and it helps to increase the company's crop rate, which will be reflected directly in the company's profitability, which was high in 2011-2013.
Substitutes have started and, for more than a decade now, the basis for mutual trust between the two sides, and, secondly, with the gradual rise of the national Andre brand, the income ratio of clients such as hmov has gradually increased, correspondingly, from 2017 to 2019, the company's top client has earned the income.
(2) The inexorable barriers to flexible inputs and applications of core “heavy” assets, and to the orderly development and development of scale and process technologies are the firm’s most explicit competition for the moat. Heavy assets have always been one of the inherent attributes of the consumer electronic glass industry, although the market has some quality.
Questionful voices, but based on the performance of the past few years, companies have the decisive power to judge industry cycles and trends, as well as the ability to invest in action at the time of the investment, including the ability to fully convert the size, integration and productivity advantages of the core equipment into profitability gains.
The year was a downturn in the global smartphone market, but the company was active in expanding its production, with a total investment of $4,760 million in fund-raising projects in Yangnan Park, “Consuming electronics appearance glass construction project”, phase II, and a total investment of $1.76 billion in the East Pine Lake Park project, “Widow glass project”
The lack of additional crop yields at the end of 2017 and 2018 did have an impact on the profitability of the current period, as demand for differentiated downstream brands increased dramatically and companies expanded in reverse.
The competitive moat has made profit levels grow rapidly and far out of the past, 20103-202001, public consumption of electronic-looking glass, which has so far developed in a complex process, often involving hundreds of different processes, requiring different types of process equipment and moving.
The demand for orders at 10,000 levels, and more so the ability of firms to deliver vertically and quickly, is based on the appropriate heavy assets of companies, and an orderly shift in “heaviness” is one way to draw high industry entry thresholds and establish a competitive edge of firms.
Cash flow series indicators are better than their peers, with high-quality income, high-impact capital spending, and a consistently superior product structure.
In particular, in 2017 and 2018, the firm ' s capital expenditure was driven by a reversible expansion, the completion of a large-scale corporate investment round, the economic benefits of a new production line, and the improvement in the free cash flow, which in 2019 still stood at $4,521 billion.
But free cash flows of up to $2.73 billion, maintaining a strong operating cash flow and free cash flows, are one of the effective ways to ease the financial pressure that companies will face as they expand further in the future. Between 2015 and 2019, the income and cash ratio (marketing goods, providing services) of LansyTech is one of the most significant.
The very close to 100 per cent of the cash/business income received is a reflection of the high quality of the company's income, the low incidence of bad debt and the faster return of funds, which is in fact the fruit of the firm's deep binding with its superior core clients; in addition, the net cash flow of the company's business activities is in line with the net cash flow.
The cash ratio of net profits (cash flow from operating activities/net profit) is higher than most locala customer suppliers, which indicates that companies have a cash-producing capacity at a higher level than industry averages and is one of the important safeguards against corporate hardship due to cash shortages.
A lot of investors don't know Lance’s financial indicators. In fact, companies have advantages in terms of Māori rates, quality of income, roe, etc., compared to other a share of consumer electronics, and are far above average, free cash after a period of counter-exploitation in 2018.
The recovery of currents, profitability, etc. is also quite good, and this year's reporting indicators undoubtedly have reached a definite upward period, with a sustained look at Lance's core of industry and the continued release of new products: (3) adverse price reductions by competitors have led to a decline in the profitability of the industry. (4) Downstream.
Clients ' q2q3 orders are exposed to the risk of uncertain macroeconomic fluctuations. Profit forecasting and financial indicators: the return of the kings of Lancet from some core financial indicators
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report