Building materials in the North (000786), a two-wing, multi-dimensional layout with strong operations, Southwest Securities Research and Development Center
Incidents: 3-quarter reports issued by the company in 2024, with total operating income of 20.36 billion yuan in the first three quarters, equal to +19.4 per cent and net profit on maternity of 3.15 billion yuan, compared to +14.1 per cent in the previous three quarters; two-wing, global layout in the first quarter of 2024. 1) Business layout: companies continue to consolidate their cardboard operations and promote high levels
End-of-life product layout, dynamic district markets, home and retail markets, etc.: accelerated expansion of waterproof operations, focus on renovations, old transformations, retailing of domestic appliances, enhanced channel development: accelerated promotion of paint operations, consolidation of aviation dominance, focus on wind blades, industrial preservation, high-end equipment mechanical segmenting of markets, application collars
2) Overseas layout: focus on the core market regions of South-East Asia, Central Asia and the Middle East, leading the operations with the gypsum, backed by water and coatings to diversify product lines, to drive globalization: the current production line of the ointment plate in Uzbekstan is in place, the projects in Thailand and Bosnia and Herzegovina are moving ahead in an orderly manner, and the scale of operations abroad is increasing.
In the context of weakness, the company continues to optimize its product structure, with a greater degree of downward impact on hedge demand, a slight decrease of 0.1 percentage points to 30.7 per cent in the same rate as in the case of Māori) and an increase of 0.6 percentage points to 5.0 per cent in the same rate for sales: increased market openings for water and paint, a focus on new channels for building and distributor tracking services.
R & D cost ratio: high focus on technological innovation, promotion of high-end transformation of products, increasing R & D inputs, increase in R & D cost ratio by 0.1 to 4.1 per cent over the same period, more robust management cost rate, combined cost rate by 0.6 percentage points over the same period. 3) Net interest rate on sales: overall impact, same net interest rate on sales
• Business layouts are diversified, and policies are conducive to upwards. The company adheres to the “One Wing, Global Layout” strategy, strengthening branding and steadily increasing integrated competitiveness. 1) The company continues to work deep on the castboards, building up both the water-proof, paint-resistant and the growing sources of growth, making a strong push for global production, integration and integration.
(ii) Great importance is attached to branding, the construction of the branding industry's famous brands of Dragon and Tarzan, waterproofing, coatings' famous brand of "The King" and "The Goat" and "The Pyramid" and "The Garbery" and so on, the brand's influence is constantly increasing, and brand values are re-innovating.)
Policies such as “stopping the fall back” and “maintaining the building” have been introduced, policies such as urban renewal and upgrading of old neighbourhoods have continued, major capital projects have been launched, downstream demand is expected to recover gradually, and companies, as gypsum, waterproof and paint head companies, will benefit significantly from the recovery dividends of the industry.
The company’s combined competitiveness is remarkable, with a two-wing layout, a 1.1-plate global tap, a combination of advantages, and a glamour industry, with a strong competitive advantage.
The new building materials industry platform is a global leader in the gypsum industry, with a strong combined competitive advantage. The company is actively pursuing a “one-wing, global layout” development strategy, focusing on the three main industries of gypsum, waterproof materials, paint, and global layout.
The model is the third largest industry in the country, and the paint industry is the fourth best in the country's architectural coatings. The company has succeeded in creating a global brand of self-owned cardboard industry - the Dragon and Tarzan - while it has a number of brands, such as the Dream of the King, the Lighthouse, and the Gabrielle, with outstanding brand advantages and high industry recognition.
Figure 1: Corporate development has a stable equity structure, and the platform has a strong edge. The company’s first shareholder is China’s share of building materials under the banner of China’s Construction Materials Group, with a share of 37.83%. Mr. Jia-Sun-chun is an ex-Taishan cast major shareholder, and in 2016 the North built material was issued a share.
In this way, Mr. Jae-chun became a central shareholder in the new North and now holds 4.5% of the company’s shares directly. The company’s equity structure was stable, and the resource endowment of the platform continued to shrink in May-September. In 2021, the market area for merchandise houses was 1.79 billion square metres, of which residential areas were sold.
Since 2022, there has been a steady decline in the sale of merchandise houses, which in 2023 was only 62% of the 2021 highest level. The decline in the sale of houses has had a significant impact on the level of profitability of the industry.
More recently, commodity house demand stimulus policies have been introduced, and initiatives such as “stopping down steady” and “safe houses” are expected to provide a sound basis for the completion and sale of commodity houses. In January-September 2024, the market area for commodity houses was 700 million square metres, a 17.1 per cent decline compared to the same period, with a further contraction of 18.0 per cent compared to the one-month and August sales, and a continuing trend of narrowness, with continued policy additions to the real estate sector.
In July 2024, the State Council issued a five-year action plan for the deep implementation of the new people-centred urbanization strategy, proposing five tasks, such as the upgrading of old and urban neighbourhoods, and supporting urban renewal.
In addition, the construction of a housing pension system has been put on the agenda to provide financial security for house check-ups, house maintenance, housing insurance, and will give a strong impetus to the process of renovating old and urban neighbourhoods, where policy opportunities will become paints and protections.
1.3 Plural layout is excellent, profitable, two-wing, and global. The company focuses on the gypsum business, which is active in the water-proof, paint-based industry, and continues to strengthen brands.
The water-proofing sector is officially under way, with the water-proofing sector rising from 1.4% in 2019 to 14.1% in 2024h1, with a rapid expansion of the material business, with the 2024h1 company ' s paints accounting for 13.1%, becoming an important source of growth for the company. At the regional level, the company ' s domestic market is well settled, accelerating globalization.
(b) With regard to overseas markets, companies are focusing on four major regions: South-East Asia, Central Asia, the Middle East, Europe and the Mediterranean, and the gypsum business is now in the top position in Tanzania, with a steady increase in the influence of overseas brands and a steady advance in the internationalization process.
In 2019, the company launched its “One Wing, Global Layout” development strategy, actively promoting waterproofing, coatings, and castpaste-plus, and accelerating globalization.
Since 2021, the net profits on corporate revenue and homecoming have remained stable in the context of the downside of the real estate industry. Performance experienced a gradual decline in 2022 as a result of weak downstream real estate demand and volatile raw material prices. Companies increased their sales costs and were more profitable through “one-wing” diversified operations.
In terms of cost rates, companies focus on technological innovation, management upgrading activities, integration of the organizational structure, implementation of the “one dime” savings plan, with a reduction of 1.0 percentage points below the administrative cost rate of 2019-2024q3; accelerating the promotion of water-proof, paint-proof operations, focusing on high-quality customer outreach, and strengthening new channels.
Assumption 1: As the real estate sector stops and stabilizes, and the demand for renovations continues to recover, it is expected that in 2024-2026, cardboard sales will take place
Three comparable companies, the main ones, namely, water-resistant rolls, water-proof paints, and the three companies, namely, the Orient Rainbows, the three trees, and the Quixuan shares, respectively, from 2024 to 2026. The diversity of the company's business layout was highly effective, and the combined competitive advantages of brands, products, channels, etc., would benefit the industry as much as possible.
The company has continued to build a strong edge in the castboard industry, and has made a solid collection of basic plates; has been active in the construction of water-proof rolls and water-proof coatings, has continued to increase market ownership, has continued to contribute to the company's growth, and has been very effective in the “one wing” layout. At the brand end, it has succeeded in creating a global brand of self-owned brands for the castpad industry - the Dragon and Tarzan.
At the same time, there are a number of well-known brands, such as the Dream King's "The Goat" and the "Gapolli" of the Lighthouse; at the end of the product, the product is highly competitive in terms of environmental quality, product design, and processing processes; at the end of the pipeline, there are 119 domestic and foreign industrial bases, marketing networks are spread across the country's major cities and in the cities and districts of the developed regions, and regional coverage continues to expand and operate well.
Strong, coupled with the booming of commodity houses and the sustained advancement of urban renewal, companies will enjoy the recovery dividend as the head of the industry, and industry 1) the risk of a significant economic downturn: economic development is an environment in which firms survive, and macroeconomic performance is influenced by a variety of factors, with high uncertainty, which will affect the pace of business growth if the economy falls sharply;
2) Policy effects or expectations: current good policies on the estate block are being put in place and the property chain is benefiting, while policy transmission to the company's fundamentals is more uncertain; 3) market openings or less: deep push for nationalization may come under strong resistance from local firms, markets, markets, etc.
There is some uncertainty about the pace of the increase in the occupancy rate, and Noro has not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, and not for, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.