New North (000786.sz) New North (000786sz)
The net return to the mother was 2,466 million yuan, an increase of 5.20 per cent over the same period, with a basic gain of $146 per share, an increase of 5.26 per cent over the same year.The increase in the price of gypsum plates throughout the year and the decline in the Mäori rate was 10.93 billion yuan in 2018, an increase of 10.6 per cent over the same period, with operating costs of $6.86 billion.
The annual sales of gypsum plates in the company were 1,869 million square metres, an increase of 2.6 per cent over the same year.
North New Wood (000786), industry integration and negative growth in revenues and profits in four quarters.
According to the q4 quarter, the company earned 3,052 million yuan, a decline of 0.15 percentage points from the previous quarter: the Māori rate of 32.90 per cent, or the higher base as a result of the significant price increases in q4 in 2017, while the price of q4 was reversed in 18 years.
The change in new materials in the North was reported in the news material, and the cost-side transfer was slower than the revenue end.
U.S. litigation costs have greatly increased the rate of profit growth, with companies generating litigation costs of approximately $250 million, and net profits from the removal of litigation costs of approximately $2.72 billion in 2018, an increase of 10.0 per cent over the same period.
The company's planned long-term capacity is about 3 billion square metres, and in 18 years it started investing in four gypsum production lines in Hebei Chengde, Shandong Jaizawa, An Qiyu and Shanxiang States: in June, the company announced a private cardboard.
The company will continue to grow in size through self-built production lines and industry integration, market ownership will continue, and new products such as the SMART will be introduced during the reporting period, with the establishment of the North New Building Science and Technology Association and the inauguration of the North Building Mansion Workstation.
The cast board-combined new wallworks product system was selected for the National Museum's “Great Change I Reform Open 40 Week Large Exhibition.” The company worked hard to promote science, technology and innovation, developed the Northern Ruban energy board, and built the “personal design, factory production,”
The full-house assembly system for assembly works, i.e., live-in, has now been successfully integrated into the National Demonstration Centre for Auto-Innovation in Central China Villages and has been successfully applied in a number of priority engineering projects.
(a) Risk of corporate loss resulting from litigation;
Peband s030051700001a Academy Sales Team
Xu Jialine, author of the report, who has a qualification in securities investment consulting or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels.
The analytical logic is based on the author ' s professional understanding, and the report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.