Internal and external repairs have continued to expand, and the company is now in the process of implementing a high-performance mid-line tyre technical upgrading project, packaged with Sun's company's Xaiyan () as the main vehicle for re-assembly of the original Anse tires.
1.2 million full steel and 6 million half steel tires per year; previously (2021/1/9) the company issued an announcement on three phases of the company ' s investment in the construction of the race wheel (Viet Nam), covering 3 million half steel, 1 million whole steel and 50,000 non-road tyres per year.
Project for the construction of new tires in two bases in Viet Nam, which continues to expand in size. A total of $71,991.84 million has been invested in the technological upgrading of high-performance meridian tyres in the race wheels, which, according to researchable reports, are expected to generate sales revenue for the year after completion.
196,396.4 million yuan, representing a net profit of $14,09571,000; 30 per cent of the total annual output of steel, steel and non-road tyres, 100 per cent of the total output of steel, steel and steel, 60 per cent of the total output of non-road tyres, and 100 per cent of the total production in 3 years and beyond, for the total investment of the three phases of the race round (Viet Nam), according to researchable reports,
The implementation of the proposed project will contribute to a sustained increase in the company’s tyre sales and market share. In the preliminary anti-dumping results published by the United States Department of Commerce, the race wheel (Viet Nam) does not bear anti-dumping duties.
While other local producers, such as Thailand, Korea, and Taiwan, are responsible for 13.25% to 98.44% of the anti-dumping tax, the race wheel (Viet Nam) is expected to rise in prices and lizzy in the process of being forced to raise prices. The governance structure is optimized, and the founder, Junyuki Yuen, has shown confidence in the company’s development.
In a public announcement, the Chairman and President of the Board, Mr. Yuen Junyuki, took control of 19.81 per cent of the company ' s shares and became the firm ' s controlling agent, including through the transfer of shares by agreement, commissioning of management, 1, " Racer Tyres (601058): Performance Signing of Unanimous Actors " .
According to the proposed increase issued by the company 2021/1/9, Mr. Yuan and his control of the Swe Won have completed their subscriptions and have become more innovative, and after the company's growth into the fast car, Mr. Yuan will take control of the company's 27.04 per cent shareholdings and further concentration of shares, highlighting its relevance to the public.
The confidence developed by the Department of Road 2020-10-14 is more conducive to the long-term, efficient and robust development of companies.
Continued high growth, corporate development across the board, prognosis for continued high growth, corporate growth, increased corporate production and sales, and future profitability are expected to continue to grow and maintain “growth” in companies.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board