The second offshore base in Cambodia, where the wheels have accelerated the global layout! Events: 8 March 2021 Beijing Time, where the wheel tires issued an outward investment announcement, to be held in Cambodia (601058)
Investing in a 5 million-and-a-half steel meridian tires project, with a total investment of RMB 11,17.62 million and a 24-month construction period. Second overseas base is located, and the global layout goes further.
Zhang Yin Sheng, who invests in the construction of 5 million steel meridian tyres a year, will become a public practice number: s1500517050001
After Viet Nam, the second overseas production base. Cambodia’s special economic zone, chosen by the company, is located in the town of Saitama, in the province of Saitama. From the point of view of transportation: the factory is located at a South-East Asian traffic hub. Waterways: the Mekong River runs from north to south all over the country.
Ho Chi Minhigon Port, Viet Nam. Land: Viet Nam to the east, Laos to the north, and Thailand to the north-west. Aviation: Phnom Penh, Siem Reap and Ho Chi Minh International Airport, Viet Nam.
As one of the least developed countries in the world, Cambodia has not yet been hampered by trade barriers such as the “double counter” of developed countries. Twenty-eight developed countries/areas, such as the United States, Europe, Japan, and others, have granted the Cambodian Generalized System of Preferences (gsp).
Two offshore bases, on the one hand, could further avoid the risk of countries like Europe and the United States increasing trade tariffs on existing major tire-producing countries and regions in South-East Asia, and, on the other hand, in locations where the cost of raw materials, user costs and transportation is relatively low, and because companies are involved.
The establishment of a factory in Cambodia will be a new milestone in the globalization of the company!
\triangleright with consumer approval and the triple advantage of the United States in its double-opinion survey of South-East Asia, the continued demand for company product orders has also led to the continued demand for product orders.
Since 2021, on 9 January, the company announced its intention to invest $3 billion in three phases of construction in Viet Nam, comprising half a million steel babies per year, 1 million steel children per year, and 50,000 non-road children per year; on 2 February, the company announced its intention to increase investment.
Implementation of a project for the technical upgrading of high-performance meridian tyres in the province, with a total investment of 720 million yuan and the production capacity of 10,000 high-performance meridian tyres; on 8 March, the company announced its intention to invest in the construction of a Cambodian project, with a total investment of 1,180 million meridian tyres and 5 million meridian tyres per year.
Swords: New White Horses, New Consumption 2021.2 The Wheel Speed Lead Industry, Shenyang 3.3 million whole steel tires in three months, the company announced three investment projects with a total investment of $4.9 billion.
The continued rapid expansion of the company ' s productive capacity in 2020.11, on the one hand, demonstrates the firm ' s confidence in development and, on the other hand, the stability and rapid growth of the company, led by ample orders and downstream demand!
Net profits attributable to shareholders in the parent company, Sinda Securities Inc., 16.48, 20.94, 2,682 million yuan, an increase in the same year
The risk factor is: 1; new production capacity is less than expected; and rubber prices are highly volatile. Zhang Yansheng, Bachelor of High Molecular Materials, Department of Chemical Engineering, Qinghua University, Master of Financial Sciences, Beijing University, seven years of management experience with the China Chemical Group.
In March, it officially joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which conducts research in the chemical industry, in the petrochemical and basic chemical industries. The components are not, are not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views contained in the present report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.