Coal prices have risen exponentially, becoming the main driver of significant growth in three quarters. The company issued a three-quarter performance announcement, generating business income of $182.5 billion in the first three quarters of 2017, an increase of 46.26 per cent in the same year and a net return to the mother of $35.6 billion, an increase of 106 per cent in the same year.
Industry revenues of $62 billion, an increase of 34.59 per cent, ring growth of 431 per cent, net return to mothers of $11.3 billion, policy implications such as inspection, combined with winter heating demand, high coal prices, and a number of factors that are expected to work together to boost coal prices: benefiting from economic stability.
In terms of coal prices, the average price of domestic power coal was $587.46 per ton in the previous three quarters.
On the electricity side, the company sold a total of 18,419 million kilowatts in the previous three quarters, 17.4 per cent longer and a ring increase of 19.8 per cent. The increase in the volume of electricity sold was a one-year increase in the volume of electricity used by society as a whole, and the electricity generated by hydroelectric power from more than the country as a whole decreased, resulting in a one-year increase in the volume of electricity generated by fire power; and a two-year increase in the volume of electricity generated by electricity.
The coal industry and transport have performed well since August 2016: in the second half of 16 years, the chemical industry began to go to stock and produce more productively, with subsequent rebounds in international oil prices and higher prices for domestic chemical products.
The company ' s coalized industrial product polyethylene and polypropylene benefited from this. In the first three quarters of 17 years, the company sold 25.17 million tons of coalized polyethylene, an increase of 17.7 per cent over the same period, and 23.7 million tons of polypropene, an increase of 4.64 per cent over the same period, and an increase of 14.68 per cent over the same period.
On the transport side, in the first three quarters of 17 years, there was a 13.5 per cent, 14.9 per cent, 22.6 per cent and 30.5 per cent increase in the volume of self-owned rail transport, the quantity of underground coal in ports, the volume of shipping and shipping, respectively.
In September, the plant stopped for 17 days, with a decline in polyethylene, polypropylene production, sales, and on the other hand, the delay in excavating the soil caused by the delay in the development of the open-air mine, which belongs to the company Haluso Open-Sille Open-Silver, which began in August 2017.
A temporary suspension or reduction of coal production has led to a decline in the production of coal in commodities. Currently, coal mining has been suspended in the Harusu field, and the mining site in the Pozhil field has maintained a small amount of coal production, and the company expects that the combined total will reduce the production of the commercial coal scheme for the current year by up to 22.1 million tons, about the previous year.
The fall in production of 7.6 per cent of total output has had an impact on the company ' s coal plates and transport plates. The company anticipates a 5.4 per cent decline in the company ' s commercial coal production in the third quarter of the year and a net profit increase of 51.54 per cent in the same year. The impact on the company ' s performance of the cut in the two coal mines is not significant.
The expected remuneration (expected return; er) is as follows: