In the evening of 27 October, the company issued its third quarterly report for 2017, during which it achieved business income of $18,235 million, an increase of 46.3 per cent over the previous three quarters; and significantly increased coal sales and continued to increase profitability.
In January-September 2017, the demand for downstream coal continued to rise, company coal sales increased significantly, with companies achieving a total of 221 million tons of commercial coal production in the previous three quarters, an increase of 3.8 per cent, coal sales of 328 million tons in the previous three quarters, an increase of 13.9 per cent in the same year and an average coal sales price of 423 yuan per tonne in the same year, an increase of 49.5 per cent in the same year.
The previous three quarters of the year had seen an increase in the amount of coal sold out by companies and in the prices of purchases, which had led to a significant increase in the cost of coal outsourcing, with a decline of 0.8 percentage points in the rate of Maori in coal plates compared to the first half of the current year. We expect the coal price hub to operate at a high rate in 2017, with the company’s profitability likely to increase.
Wang Shimin Research Assistant has increased the number of hours spent selling and generating electricity, the cost of being trapped has increased, and the power plate Māori continues to decline.
In January-September 2017, electricity consumption increased by 6.9 per cent on a year-on-year basis for the whole of society, compared with 2.4 percentage points in the same period last year, while electricity generation from hydroelectric plants of more than national size increased by 0.3 per cent on a year-on-year basis, down 8.3 percentage points from the same period last year, resulting in a 6.3 per cent increase in electricity generation from fire and 5.5 percentage points from the same period last year. On the other hand, since August 2016, there has been an increase of 880 megawatts in the capacity of the company ' s lighter assembly units, with multiple factors contributing to a significant increase in the total quantity of electricity sold by the company and in the number of hours generated.
In the first three quarters of 2017, companies achieved 1966.6 billion kilowatt-hours of electricity generation, an increase of 12.5 per cent in the same year; and 18.419 billion kilowatt-hours of total electricity sales, an increase in the same year.
Coal procurement costs for coal-fired power plants have been rising steadily as a result of a significant increase in coal prices, and the profitability of the power plate has been affected by the realization of the company ' s power plate in the first three quarters of 2017. The Chinese dynasty (601088) was evaluated in 2016: high dividends. The Chinese dynasty (601088) was evaluated in the third quarter of 2016: supply and demand.
External transport services are dynamic, synergies are evident, and transport plates are growing a little bit. \triangleright billion yuan, or 14.2 per cent more than in the previous year, of which $4.169 billion, or 57.6 per cent more, is generated by the provision of transport services to external customers, and there is a continuous flow of external transport services from companies.
In terms of ports: January-September 2017, the quantity of coal in the company ' s ports was 1957 million tons, an increase of 14.9 per cent.
The volume of coal sold in the city's west corner on 9th Street in Beijing increased by 15.8 per cent from 17.7 million tons in the same year, and the number of coal sold in the water through the Kanasu coal terminal increased by 8.3 per cent from the same year: port plates generated operating revenues of $4.235 billion, an increase of 13.6 per cent in the same year, which is expected to be accompanied by steady business development in the coal industry in the future, and company external transport uniforms.
Continued energy, increased synergism of the plate, and increased profitability of the company ' s transport plates. >Deficit repairs and temporary decline in sales of coal-chemical products in September. > Coalification is a coal-based hydrocarbon project of the company ' s coal-chemical industry, with major products including polyethylene (approximately 300,000 tonnes/year of production capacity) and polypropene (production)
Some 300,000 tonnes/year) and a few by-products. In September 2017, the Kafala Coal Industries Corporation arranged a dissipation repair for about 17 days, resulting in a decline in production and sales in September. In September, the company achieved 186,000 tonnes of polyethylene sales, a decrease of 33.6% compared to the corresponding period, and 132,000 tonnes of polypropene sales, a decrease of 50.4% compared to the previous three quarters.
In mid-year, 350,000 tons of polyvinylene and 400,000 tons of polypropylene were produced, and the company’s coal-chemical plates were growing in size and profitability was expected to increase.
Risk factors: lower-than-expected macroeconomics, higher-than-anticipated coal prices, and safety implications of corporate mining.\triangleright natural gas chain, with special studies on fertilizers, agrochemicals, textile chemicals, fine-chemistry intermediates, and new energy sources, light-quantification of cars, methanol economy, carbon emissions.
Toming Zhok, a Ph.D. from the China Mining University (Beijing), a registered consulting (investment) engineer, a member of the China Geology and Minerals Economics Society, a member of the China International Engineering Advisory Corporation's expert bank, a member of the Chinese expert bank for business auditing and auditing, and a former deputy director of the Industry Advisory Office of the Chinese Coal Industry Association (which chaired the work), engaged in research and research in coal and energy-related fields, and chaired the 13th Five-Year National Coal Survey and Development Planning Study, the revision of coal industry technology policy and enterprise-related advisory studies. In June 2016, the Union Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre was responsible for research in the coal industry.
Wang Chimin, Master of Mining Engineering College, China Mining University, joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2017 to conduct research in the coal industry. Sinda Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consulting, which the CVM has granted. This report is produced and published by the Sunda Securities Commission. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sunda securities and provides support and reference for investment decision-making in this category, with strict mutual agreement on rights and obligations.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of securities or investment objects should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. At different times, or through the use of different assumptions and criteria, different perspectives and analytical methods have led to the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which special notice may not be given.