In the area of coal production, the main powered coal producers continued to maintain their stability, with low stocks operating, with a national production of 1,443 million tons of coal in priority coal mines in August, which was 247,000 tons lower than the ring, or 0.2 per cent less.
2. In terms of downstream demand, the average daily consumption of coal at the six major power plants on the coast last week continued to be high at 736,000 tons per day, an increase of 28 per cent over the same period, the average inventory of coal at the six major power plants was 10,276,000 tons, a decrease of 1.84 million tons over the same period, a decrease of 15 per cent, and there was a significant consumption of power plant stocks, which supported downstream power plants.
The demand for the storage of coal for 20 days at coal-fired power plants and concerns over the subsequent price of coal continues to be maintained, taking into account the tight environmentalization of the 19th Conference and its aftermath, the tight balance between the demand for coal and the daily consumption of downstream power plants, low stocks, winter storage purchases or
With respect to Wang Chimin Research Assistant 3 and coke, the recent coke plant, which did not build up a larger stock, was less advanced than in the previous period, and the market moods were weaker than in the previous period.
Low mainstream steel stock has risen steadily, prior-period high-stock steel companies have been less motivated to purchase, and at this stage coke reduction claims are mainly related to secondary and high sulfur coke. In addition, in recent times, fire companies in cities not in 2+26, such as Shanxi and Jiangsu Xue, have been required to limit their production, and other provinces and cities are expected to adopt similar production-restriction policies over time, and the subsequent impact on supply and demand will need to be re-evaluated if production-restriction policies are in place.
The industry stock is increasing, but steel plants are still taking into account the October focal limit, and the mainstream steel plants are still tightening up their reservoirs, with no price of coke to crush.
Investors with absolute earnings have important reference values. In the case of coal, downstream coke is on the move to a production-restricted state, coupled with an emotional shock to the coke market, and the focus on coal purchases is becoming more cautious and more pressurized.
[Excellent push] The industry covers a company that has an excellent lead in every procurement, and coal companies generally react to high prices, with earlier orders in the main, with only 1-2 stocks being pushed out for gas and sulfur in Shandong, Hebei and Shanxi regions. Weekly updates, if stock offers are not forthcoming.
There has been an increase, but it is clear that the coal industry, which flows mainly to the northern part of the river, feels pressure on the goods. Change, however, is followed by an assessment of the reasons for the proposed stock changes.5 We believe that in October 19th year, a superstitious winterization effect will be held, November will enter the heating season, and four quarters of coal supply and demand will continue to be closely balanced, but on a continuous basis.
For the next three months, I think it's best that the Commission, in order to curb coal prices, has consistently issued a message emphasizing the need to secure coal supply, noting that the coal inventory system will be in the process of being modified, and that the policy regulatory winds suggest that these stock movements will significantly outpace the market.
Increased risk, or high coal prices will run. Focus on investment opportunities for the relevant public authorities through the re-engineering process, leveraging and securing of new projects in Shanxi.
"Cinda Securitiesco., ltd House No. 1, 9 Downtown Street, Beijing City West Side.
On August 28, 2017, the National Investment Commission issued a press release.