On the other hand, according to the latest data of the Customs Administration, 27.8 million tons of coal and lignite were imported in September, an increase of 10.8 per cent compared to the previous year, the largest single-month imports of coal in the year, and a significant increase in coal imports that stifled domestic coal purchases.
Coal supply levels have been reduced.2 On downstream demand, power consumption is now entering the traditional light season, and demand for coal downstream continues to fall. As at 27 October, the coastal stock of coal in six major power plants stood at 11,597 tons, representing an increase of 1,587.2 million tons, or 16.58 per cent, compared to the same period last week; the daily consumption was 61.16 million tons, compared to last week
On the other hand, the North Port coal stock continues to operate at a high level and has been a research assistant to Wang Chimin since 11 October.
Over 7 million tons, with an average of 7,246,000 tons on the previous day, and given the expected increase in the recovery of the coal mine after the major conference, and with the fall in demand for power plants, subsequent purchases will be more cautious, with a lower acceptance of high coal prices, which will facilitate a reasonable return in fuel prices in a stable supply.3 On coke, the price of coke purchased by the main steel plant in the northern part of the river this week has fallen, with the result that the first level of coke will fall by 320 yuan per tonne, and the second level and the high sulphur coke will fall by itself.
420 yuan/tonne. At this stage, most of the coke companies have reduced the cumulative volume of their shipments by up to 500-600 yuan/tonne, and the deficit side has gradually expanded, with some of the focal areas experiencing active production restrictions due to losses, given the prevailing high pressure on the stock of the coke, some of the steel plants are affected by the lack of stock for the burning of the minerals.
Market hot spots, industry depths, and the pursuit of high-fire production have become more evident, short-term coke supply and demand imbalances are difficult to reverse, and markets continue to operate in a weak manner. Investors with absolute returns have important reference values.
4. In the area of coke, the drop in coke has become clearer, with a generally wait-and-see attitude in downstream, awaiting new price policies. Towards the end of the month, the mining side is pressing for a significant increase in the best in the industry-covering companies.
The period is only 1-2 shares. A weekly update, if the proposed shares fall by $30-50 per ton, the excess sulfur part of Lu sorghum has been cut by about $100 per ton due to the lack of goods, and if the proposed shares change, the tracking point is reviewed for reasons.
Mainstream prices have remained stable for the time being, but they are more than affordable, as a result of rapid stock increases and sharp drops in focal prices. [Excellently] For the next three months, I,5 we believe that coal prices remain high at this stage and that the annual annual price of the large coal company is expected to be around $567/ton in November, and mid-September.
They believe that these stock movements will be a significant victory over the market, and that, starting in the second half, the powered coal futures master contract will be largely down-tracked, and that the long-term agreement, pessimistic for the subsequent market, will lead to a reasonable return to the coal spot price, with coal prices or high shocks. Focusing on Shanxi's re-engineering process, leverage, and supply.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd. should approve new projects that provide investment opportunities for listed companies.
In Beijing, in Beijing, in Beijing, in Beijing, in Beijing, in Beijing, in Beijing, in Beijing, in the 9th of the 9th Hall of the City Street, there is an interest in West Mountain coal power, energy and flat coal shares.
China Shinhua (601088) Core recommended rationale: 1 - 3 quarters of coal sales have increased significantly and profitability has continued to increase. In January-September 2017, demand for downstream coal continued to increase, and companies sold coal due to factors such as a stable medium-term economic situation, weak hydroelectric power, and long periods of high temperatures in the third quarter.
In the first three quarters, the company achieved a significant increase in coal production of 221 million tons, an increase of 3.8 per cent, coal sales of 328 million tons, an increase of 13.9 per cent, and an increase of 49.5 per cent in the average coal sales price of 423 yuan per tonne, and an increase of 11.2 percentage points in the company ' s business income of 142,886 million coal blocks. In the previous three quarters, the company ' s out-coal sales and the same price of purchases increased substantially, resulting in a significant increase in the cost of out-coal purchases and coal plates.
The Māori rate is 0.8 percentage points lower than in the first half of the year. We expect the coal price hub to run at a high rate in 2017, the company’s profitability or the number of hours it will earn, the number of hours it sells and power will increase, the cost of hardship increases, and the power plate Māori will continue to fall. In January-September 2017, the overall public consumption of electricity increased by 6.9 percentage points compared to the same period last year, while the electricity and electricity generated by more than one power plant in the country increased by 0.3 percentage points compared to last year’s previous year.
The fall of 8.3 percentage points resulted in a 6.3 per cent increase in electricity generation from the previous year, a 5.5 percentage point increase over the same period; on the other hand, since August 2016, the capacity of the company ' s lighter assembly has increased by 880 megawatts, with multiple factors contributing to a sharp increase in the total quantity of electricity sold and the number of hours generated by the company. In the first three quarters of 2017, the company achieved an increase of 12.5 per cent in the amount of 1966.6 billion kilowatt-hours; and a total of 18,41.9 billion kilowatts in electricity sold.
In the first three quarters of 2017, when the company achieved 18.5 per cent of its share of the power plate, a decline of 14.2 percentage points compared to the same period in 2016.3 In the case of railways: in January-September 2017, the company achieved its own iron.
With regard to ports: in January-September 2017, the quantity of coal in the company ' s ports was 1957 million tons, an increase of 14.9 per cent over the same period, of which 13.7.1 million tons, an increase of 15.8 per cent over the same period, and 32.7 million tons, an increase of 8.3 per cent over the same period, were in the same period, while the port plates achieved operating revenues of $4.235 billion, an increase of 13.6 per cent, which is expected to accompany the steady development of the coal industry in the future.
The company’s external transport services continue to function and the synergism of the plates is further demonstrated, and the company’s transport plate is or will continue to grow more profitable. In April/September, the absence of repairs and a temporary drop in sales of coal-based products. The company’s coal-chemical industry is the coal-based hydrocarbon phase of the company’s coal-based coal-chemical industry, whose main products include polyethylene (about 300,000 tonnes/year), polypropene (about 300,000 tonnes/year) and a small by-product.
In September, Senghua Head Coal Industries arranged for a dissipation and overhaul of about 17 days, resulting in a decline in production and sales in September, when the company achieved 186,000 tons of polyethylene sales, a decrease of 33.6 per cent compared to the previous month, and 132,000 tons of polypropene sales, a decrease of 50.4 per cent compared to the previous three quarters, where the company achieved a demonstration project (phase II) for the upgrading of polyacetylene in packaged coal, which was approved by the Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region Development Commission (NAMA) for the construction of a new 75 million tons of coal-based polycrylic hydrocarbons produced annually.
Devices, of which 350,000 tons and 400,000 tons annually produced polypropylene, are growing in size and are expected to continue to increase in profitability.
2016.1109 China Shinhua (601088) benefited from both supply and demand, and performance stopped falling back. 20160503 China Shinhua (601088) Coal, electricity business increased and earnings continued to decline. 20160325 China Shinhua (601088) sustained declining profitability and performance significantly.
" 20150825 China ' s energy carrier - escorting China ' s economy " Gas industry chain, with special research on fertilizer, agrochemicals, textile chemicals, fine-chemistry intermediates, and new energy sources, light weighting of cars, methanol economy, carbon emissions. Dr. Wing Zing, China Mining University (Beijing), registered consulting (investment) engineer, member of the China Geology and Mineral Economics Society, member of the expert bank of China ' s International Engineering Advisory Corporation, and member of the advisory bank of China ' s Sunda Operational Audit Expert.
He worked as Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Service of the China Coal Industry Association (which chaired the workshop), in the fields of coal and energy-related research, and in “13th Five” national coal survey and development planning, revision of the coal industry technology policy and enterprise-related advisory studies. In June 2016, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research in the coal sector. Wang Chimin, Master's degree in mining engineering at the Chinese University of Mines, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2017 to carry out research in the coal sector.
The coal industry focuses on companies such as Sinda Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindard Securities”) with the qualifications of the CSRC-approved portfolio of portfolio investment consulting. This report is produced and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for client signatories who have signed service agreements with the Sinda securities, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers, with strict agreement on rights and obligations. This report is made available only to the specific customers mentioned above and is not intended for public distribution.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only observations and judgements as at the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investments indicated in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investments should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.