In the area of coal production, the main powered coal producers continued to maintain their stability, with low stocks operating, with the national production of 1.4677 million tons of coal from priority coal mines in September, a decline of 910,000 tons per month, or 0.2 per cent, compared to the monthly ring; in September, the release of advanced energy was still below expectations, and the sale of coal from the country ' s major coal companies declined steadily.
Structural constraints continue to exist.2 In terms of downstream demand, 9.9545 million tons of coal were stored in six major power plants on the coast this week, down by 294.5 million tons from the same period last week, or 2.87 per cent from the ring; the daily consumption was 69.18 million tons, an increase of 398 million tons per day, or 6.10 per cent from the same period last week.
Purchase of the warehouse; 14.0 days available as of October 13, a decrease of 2.0 days compared to the same period last week. On the other hand, since September, the policy has been securing a steady price orientation by increasing production capacity and leading to a reasonable return of coal prices, while the authorities are actively coordinating coal transport against supply and demand.
Meanwhile, market panic has eased, and the market price of coal has stabilized. Wang Chimin Research Assistant 3, coke, coke, Hebei, etc., have more restricted production, more stringent enforcement, and most steel banks.
The price of coke has been reduced by more than $100 per ton at this stage for some of the major farms in the North, and recent sales pressures have increased, not excluding the possibility of positive price reductions, and the coke market will remain vulnerable in the short term.4 In the case of coal, lower-lying coke will continue to run in a restricted state, coupled with a shock in the coke market, and more and more caution will be exercised in the case of coal purchases.
[Excellent Push] is a weekly industry product that gathers policy forwards, purchases on demand. High sulphur-rich coal (s1.8) in the San Si Jinstone region has been cumulatively reduced by about $50/tonne, and the factory reports 1,200/tonne, low demand, coal, market hot spots, industry depth, and pursuit.
There has been no significant improvement in the pressure on exports, and there has been a high probability of a recent increase, with a similar decrease of 30-40 yuan/tonne in gas fine coal due to stock pressure in Tsangxi and Shandong. Short-term observations on the weakness of the coke, high sulphur coal, and some of the high-priced coal species are more evident.
5. We believe that, in October 19th, a superb winterization of storage effects will take place in November, with four quarters of coal supply and demand being kept in a tight balance, but only one or two stocks will be put on the test. Weekly updates will be issued, with a continuous emphasis on the supply of coal if the offer is not taken into account by the RRC as a disincentive to coal prices, and it is noted that the coal inventory system will enter a process of refinement and policy regulation.
The risk increases, coal prices are either running high, coal companies are earning or will continue to make good, and the balance sheet of the company is gradually being repaired.
Attention is paid to the investment opportunities offered to listed companies by the process of restructuring Shanxi, leveraging and securing new projects, and to power coal, which, in their view, will lead to a significant victory over the market. The coal industry, the spring coal industry, China, and the coal-fired industry are concerned with coal power, energy and coal-free shares.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
Current period [Excellent push]: China’s Dynasty (601088). Core recommended rationale: 1; Reorganization of assets in the extended industrial chain, resulting in a significant increase in core competitiveness. 28 August 2017, the State Finance Committee issued a press release.