The effect of the integration scale effect of the net gain of 30 per cent and the increase of 51.5 per cent in China’s net profit of 30 per cent and 51.5 per cent in China’s net profit of the same year was marked by the release of three quarterly reports on the evening of 27 of China’s 601857, which enabled the company to earn 1825.35 per cent of its operating income in the previous three quarters.
Billion yuan, 46.3 per cent more than the same year, $35,649 million in net profits attributable to the shareholders of the parent company, 106 per cent more than the same year.
It is clear that the strong demand for coal has led to a recovery in railways, shipping and the recovery in the overall price of the main coal industry product, but the rise in coal prices has led to a significant increase in the cost of power generation by companies, which have absorbed the profit margins of the power generation operation, and a slight decline in corporate gross revenue of 0.29 to 41.69 per cent over the medium term. Corporate coal production during the reporting period was 221.3 million.
Shipping is actively associated with coal sales, and freight and turnover are performing well, but there has been a decline in shipping freight and turnover in the last three quarters due to weather, among other factors, but overall, the effects of integrated logistics capacity for corporate railways, ports, and shipping have been significant.
With temperatures falling, demand for electricity in the south and heating in the north, and the factors of the Qin line repair, the disturbance will also support the cost of coal power, and the company will continue to make profits in four quarters. As the country’s largest coal company, coal collectors, power producers, ports, shipping, and coal-chemicals, Senghua is the largest coal company in the country.
Integrated whole-sector layout, coal, power generation, transport have become a three-pillar segment of corporate performance, with cost advantages, integrated operating advantages and scale effects in the industry and significant enhancement of open-source securities, Inc.
The Division’s ability to withstand cyclical fluctuations and risks. In the broader context of supply-side reforms, advanced production capacity accelerates the replacement of Urban Gate B on the 5th floor, and companies are expected to continue to benefit from the policy benefits of advanced energy release.
The tons of coal polyolefins project and the 766 square kilometres of mining area, and the approval of an estimated 14.4 billion tons of coal resources, will further strengthen God’s dominance in the coal industry. Corporate equity policies are stable, valuations are relatively low, and reforms by state companies are continuing, and are of long-term concern in coal plates.
Figure 2: The history of China, pb. 1. The history of China, p.e., is self-qualified or of considerable professional competence by the Chinese Securities Association, and produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner.
This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not received, nor will I receive, direct or indirect disclosure of company-related information as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
In the six-month period following the reporting date, the increase or decline in the benchmark index of securities against the market was defined as follows:
Underweight: Industry is weaker than overall market performance.