The company achieved a business income of 20.24 billion yuan in the first quarter of 24 years, compared to the same amount.
Market data: 8 May 2024 Corporate performance in the 23rd and 1st quarters of 24th year as a whole met expectations, delivery, cost-end improvement and \triangleright
The growth in investment earnings drives the company’s performance. The rapid increase in profitability in the first quarter of 24 years is largely due to cost-side improvements.
RMB/tonne, 20.12% decline in the same year, and the significant increase in corporate profitability is mainly due to an improvement in the upstream end of raw materials. The increase in electricity consumption in the province and the increase in electricity generated by the Leisure three-phase start-up company.
Basic data: 31 March 2024 + 6.7 per cent, + 9.8 per cent; Zhejiang Province fire power generation in the first quarter of 24 years equal to +10.8 per cent, and the national electricity generation in the same period equal to +6.6 per cent.
As a result, the company ' s share of the province ' s total coal power plant has risen to 57.6 per cent in 23 and 24 years; investment returns have increased steadily, and performance has increased, with the company ' s cash flows having a strong share of annual plans, as compared to +44.73 per cent; operating cash flows have risen to 11,477 million yuan, an increase of $11,253 million for companies.
Investment returns of $1,229 million, compared to +20.48; operating cash flows of $1,796 million, compared to growth.
Zhejiang Province is the core of the new-productivity priority sectors, with 5g base stations, new energy vehicles, and a photovoltaic industry all among the highest in the country, and electricity consumption is expected to continue to increase in line with the growth of the economy and the deepening of the new-productivity industry.
Equity and acquisition of central share control, manufacture of primary photovoltaic components and associated integrated products, which may in the future bring new growth dynamics to the company. The company is the local electric pole in Zhejiang province, with a significant performance improvement in the first quarter of 23 years and 24 years.
\triangleright source-related business improvements can be expected over time, with expected turnover and higher local power consumption continuously magnifying subsequent performance with less than expected demand for electricity; higher risk of fluctuations in electricity prices; and higher risk of price fluctuations in upstream raw materials;
This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not been, nor will I be, compensated in any way, directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or opinions in this report. I promise not to take advantage of my identity, status, or the trust that I have in my practice.
For the private gain of yourself or of others.