China Ship Manufacturing/Store Manufacturing (600150.sh) “Big Box” in the wind, “Bail-through” cycle - Quality State Finance/Intight Industry Insight Recommendations Series (III)
• Company profile: China Ships Group (CCSG) is strongly recommended (first rating) by the Chinese Shipping Group (CSG) and China Shipping Industries Group (CSG) is at the heart of the Chinese Shipping Group (CSG) core civil-military industry.
Listed platforms, using cgt as hand-held orders, have a share of the domestic market of 13.32%. Since the merger of the two ships in 2019, Chinese ships have been continuously involved in the consolidation of assets and operations within the group, and the proportion of ship construction operations has risen to 95% +, with a trend towards monopolization.
At the stage of restructuring, the exchange of shares for the integration of heavy Chinese workers was approved by the competent authorities, such as the State Treasury Committee of the State Council, in January 2024, and the related matters are continuing to move forward. When the transaction is completed, cgt is used to account for the share of the domestic market.
22.52% is expected to be the largest shipowner at the national and global levels. Demand side: long, medium, short three-cycle resonance, strong demand in new shipbuilding markets: stable demand for international trade. International maritime trade has increased at the same rate as gdp.
By contrast, based on unctad ' s assumption of an average annual increase of 2.4 per cent in international seaborne trade volume in 2025-2029, our calculations show that the trade-off growth under the optimistic scenario (the distance and efficiency factor remain at 2024 levels) will result in an average of 61.2 million dwt in new ship demand per year, a neutral scenario (2.5 per cent drop in distance,
Mid-cycle: The need for inventory renewal as a result of the ageing of ships is periodic and certain. Reviewing the last shipbuilding cycle, considering the natural useful life of ships from 20 to 25 years, new ships have been ageing since 1998. Our calculations show that 2035-2039 will be a high demand for renewal.
At the same time, environmental requirements are expected to trigger some sort of "Investment strategy in the shipping industry in the year 2025: Short-cycle: The shipping market climate is focused on the progress of the Red Sea route crisis.
In light of the mist, sailing to the distance from 2025-1-10, observations of the Red Sea route crisis revealed that the global average shipping distance of yoy+5.0 per cent in 2023 and +6.2 per cent in 2024 was the main driving force behind the rapid increase in tonnage-mile maritime traffic.
The impact of the Red Sea crisis will not fade completely in a short period of time, and the demand for shipping is expected to continue to grow at a modest rate. On the supply side: China’s share continues to rise, and Chinese ships are expected to expand their advantages.
The global volume of new orders increased significantly, reaching 168 million dwt, yoy + 31.17%, equivalent to 66 million cgt, yoy + 32.43%. China ' s share of new orders was 129 million dwt, with a global share of 76.94%; the share by cgt was 69.88%, from dwt.
According to the “scissor gap” between its share and its share of cgt, China still has room for energy in high-end ships. In terms of domestic patterns, China’s share in the domestic shipbuilding industry remains a leader, and is expected to expand its advantage in the future.
33.06%, of which about 13.32% are Chinese ships, and 9.20% are heavy workers in China. As internal integration continues, the China Shipping Group is expected to further optimize its productive structure and enhance overall competitiveness.
The overall supply and demand of shipping markets has pushed up the “cargo-reward-ship” transmission. At the end of 2024, the Global New Ship Price Index reported 189.09, yoy+6.02%; and China’s New Ship Price Index reported its highest annual level, but is still about 30% below inflation-adjusted levels.
In terms of cost prices, China’s shipboard prices are still in decline. On 10 January 2025, China’s shipboard prices stood at $3468.0 per tonne, 47.37% lower than the 14 May 2021 high, and are at the centre of historical prices.
In the case of tankers, there is a certain degree of fragmentation. As a result of soft global oil demand trends and the gradual movement of tankers into a new delivery cycle, we believe that there is still a need to wait for seasonal warming, while paying attention to the Trump drums.
Encouraging the exploitation of traditional fossil energy for the benefit of oil transport; 2 bulk ships, where long-distance iron ore and bauxite export operations and red-sea bypasses firmly support the demand for bulk ships, while the volume of bulk ship deliveries is increasing at a slower pace, and we expect the bulk ship market to match supply and demand; 3 container ships are covered by red sea lanes
The impact is greater, given the high level of container ship delivery, given the continuing crisis, we expect a gradual easing of global demand for container shipping. From the beginning of 2025, the tariff measures proposed by Trump, the demand for container shipping, which may be needed for a short period of time, are likely to support a slight increase in the climate.
• Profit forecasts, valuations and ratings Profit projections: taking into account the early stages of the current ship ' s industry cycle, the ageing of the stock fleet is still high, trends in green fleet development are determined, and without consideration of the restructuring of the trade, we anticipate
This has led to a decline in fleet demand; the maintenance of historically high global prices for new shipbuilding, which could lead to a weakening of shipowners' willingness to buy ships; the pulsed nature of new orders in the new shipbuilding market, with the possibility of short-term hikes or decreases: prices are perceived by some marketers as forward-looking indicators of new shipbuilding orders, if significant
Volatility will affect orders and market sentiment; the reorganization process between Chinese ships and Chinese heavy labourers is still in progress and there is a possibility that the restructuring process will fall short of expectations.
1.1. Development journey: China Ship Group is in the “reintegration” period. China Ship Industry Company Ltd. (hereinafter “China Ships”) is a listed company under the limited public department of China Ship Group, a listed company in the core civil-military industry of the China Ship Group, and a company in the Chinese Ship Industry Group.
The company’s core listing platform is limited to the company’s core. The company’s development has been traced back to four periods: one bureau (1950-1982): the Ship Industry Department of the Ministry of Heavy Industry, the First Mechanical Industry Department, the Ship Industry Authority, the Ninth Industrial Management (General) Department of the Third Industrial Machinery Department, and the Sixth Industrial Machinery Department.
China Ship Industry Company, which operates import-export trade, has four phases: General Company II (1982-1999): in May 1982, the Department of Six was abolished and its direct business unit and part of the direct business unit of the Ministry of Transport formed the China Ship Industry Corporation, which became the first in the State Council.
An economic entity that has been transformed from a ministry to a company has also become the first ministerial company in China. The China Ship Industry Corporation manages shipyards such as Dalian, Jinhai, Shanghai, Jiangnan, China, Jiangdong, and Huang Po, which by 1996 were the third largest producers in the world:
3 “North-South” separation period (1999-2019): July 1999, with the approval of the State Council, formed the China Ship Industry Group (China Shipping Industry, commonly known as the “Souther Ship”) on the basis of the former China Ship Industry Corporation (CICICI), and the China Ship Heavy Industries Group (China Heavy Industry, commonly known as the “North Ship”), which managed the construction of the North-South side, respectively
During this period, the two ships each continued to consolidate their internal resources, acquire core civilian assets such as the offshore high bridge and the Chinese ship Xianxi, and re-integrate the Chinese vessel (since 2019), in response to a call for supply-side reform, China on 8 November 2019.
China Ship Industries Group Ltd., a joint reorganization with China Ship Heavy Industries Group Ltd., which was incorporated into the new book, became two of its main subsidiaries.24 On 2 September 2024, Chinese ships and Chinese heavy labourers issued an announcement planning for Chinese ships to work in China.
The exchange of shares of a stock by all shareholders absorbs the consolidation of heavy Chinese workers: on 8 January 2025, related transactions were approved by the competent authorities, including the State Finance Committee of the State Council, and related matters are continuing to move forward.
1.2. Operational structure: Deep-farming ship repair operations, further upgraded by specialization, are concentrated in the area of Chinese ship operations, mainly in ship repair, which rose from 83.85 per cent in 2021 to 95.64 per cent in 2024h1, showing a trend towards monopolization.
The overall downward trend is due mainly to the fact that since the merger in 2019, the China Shipping Group has begun to integrate assets and operations under the flag. For example, in the case of the naval diesel business, China’s initial subsidiaries, such as ships, are still operating “diesel-based” operations and are competing with Chinese forces under the Chinese flag.
In 2022, the diesel operations of various subsidiaries of the China Ship Group were integrated into the newly established China Ship Diesel Company. Such integration of assets and operations has somewhat narrowed China’s ship’s business area, further increasing the level of professional specialization.
In addition to ship repair operations, Chinese ships also operate marine engineering and electromechanical equipment. Of these, offshore high-bridge craft can build floating oil tankers (fpso), semi-submarine and self-incentive drilling platforms, naval support boats, marine engineering equipment such as wind towers, lng canisters, floating docks, etc.: China and Hiroshima International can produce wind towers, lng canisters, floating docks, etc.
Production of electromechanical equipment, such as steel structures, cutting machines, mine machinery, etc. 1.3. Financial analysis: The beneficial ship industry was high and corporate revenue was improved in a synchronized manner 2018-2023, with a significant increase in corporate revenue of 34.65 per cent.
The increase was as high as 138.78 per cent, mainly due to the completion of the company’s transactions to issue shares to purchase assets, the consolidation of new large shipbuilding enterprises such as Gangnam Shipbuilding and Hiroshima International, which resulted in a rapid expansion of ship repair operations. 2024q1-3, the company managed to collect 56,169 million yuan, yoy + 13.12 per cent.
On a scale of around 100 million, the harvests were good. Shipbuilding outside the capital subsidiary, which disposed of the relevant marine platform assets, increased the net profit attributable to the shareholders of the listed company by 2,659 million yuan after completion of the transaction, taking into account non-recurrent gains and losses; the unstable situation in the Middle East, Red Sea in the second half of 22023.
The road crisis has dramatically raised global maritime demand, which in turn has boosted shipping prices, ship prices, and demand surges in the global new shipbuilding market, with a significant rise in profitability. Most of the benefits have come from the company’s increased capacity to control the cost rate, and it is equally evidence of the high level of competition in ship markets.
Since 2021, the company ' s Māori rate has fluctuated slightly, net interest rates have slowed down, and significant results have been achieved in the reduction of corporate efficiency, with cost rates falling year by year since 2020.
Sustained mitigation efficiency efforts around the goal of lowering cost rates, with no reversal of the rate from 2020, suggest that corporate R & D expenditure is guaranteed, and that the focus of controls is mainly on optimized management levels, performance of the company's single-quarter cost rates
1.4. Reorganization consolidation: The consolidation of assets and operations is well under way to address peer competition, and the Chinese Ship Group ' s equity structure map (which only sums up major corporate equity relations) has been continuously consolidated between the two ships during the period of “North-South” separation. For example, in April 2019,
The China Ship Industry Group issued a letter of commitment on avoidance of peer competition, in which it undertook to “invest in and nurture other enterprises that produce products such as large container ships within five years, and to avoid peer competition in a timely manner after meeting the requirements for listing”, which was further resolved through the replacement of assets for the defence of Chinese ships and Chinese ships.
After the merger of the two ships in 2019, the consolidation of assets and operations extended to the entire Chinese fleet. Since the two ships developed two relatively separate industrial systems for shipbuilding during the “North-South” period, it was not possible to do so.
On 30 June 2021, the China Shipping Group issued a letter of commitment to avoid competition with China Shipping Industries Ltd., stating that it would adopt a “composite administration, asset reorganization, equity swap” within five years of the date of the letter (i.e. before 30 June 2026).
/Transfers, transfer/sale of assets, consolidation of operations, restructuring of operations or other legal means to safely advance the integration of related assets and operations in line with the injection of listed companies to address peer competition.” Subsequently, in 2022, the Group completed the internal integration of power operations (China Ship Diesel Company): re-opening of Chinese ships and China in September 2024
We believe that the solution to competition is to optimize the overall efficiency of China’s ship fleet, enhance the overall competitiveness of the group, and increase the overall competitiveness of the group.
The way to build a world-class flagship ship-building enterprise. With the promise of time, we've judged that the year 2025-2026 will be a year of consolidation of the assets and operations of the China Ship Group, and that the assets of China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China and China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China,
2. Industry analysis: the shipping and ship-building markets are interlinked and indivisible. 2.1. The shipping market: the capacity of oil tankers, bulk carriers and container ships in 2024 reached 86.11 per cent.
Depending on the type of goods, the shipping market can be broadly divided into oil shipping markets, bulk shipping sites, container shipping markets, other shipping markets, etc. Ships are vehicles for the provision of shipping services, and the types of ships used vary according to the different transport needs that do not correspond to the shipping market.
Data, in terms of dwt, by the end of 2024 oil tankers, bulk carriers and container ships accounted for 86.11 per cent of the world fleet, and were the main ships on the world shipping market. In addition to the three main fleets, they also included eng vessels (2.69 per cent), lpg vessels (1.44 per cent), motor carriers, etc.
Oil-ship markets and types of vessels Oil tankers are vessels that transport oil in bulk, mainly crude oil and finished oil. Depending on tonnage, oil tankers can be divided into large/super-large tankers, Suez, Avra, Panama.
Oil tankers, elliptical tankers, and small tankers. Tanker transport is a highly specialized industry. Oil and its products may be exposed to significant pollution during transport and storage, and therefore ship transport involves a number of safety, technical, regulatory and other problems, which impose higher requirements on shipping enterprises operating tanker transport.
Source, tankers usually operate on long-term contracts of carriage. World tanker fleets grew by 184.66% in 1985-2024, but their share fell from 42.2% to 28.59%. In 2024, the world-wide trade in oil by sea amounted to 3,043 billion tons, equivalent to 14,54 trillion tons of global shipping.
24.07% \21.90% \ 2.1.2. The bulk shipping market and type of ship Dry bulk is a mass, granular, powder-like cargo that can be carried on board a ship without packing.
Ores, coal, scattered food, fertilizers, etc.. Dry bulk transports goods as an important waterway, mainly with four main features: 1 cargo load, such as wheat from North America to China, 50,000t can constitute dry bulk transport, while 50t is usually transported in bundled form; 2 goods are of low value, mainly primary products and raw materials.
The trend towards large ship size, such as iron ore, coal, cereals, bauxite, phosphate, wood, etc., is less burdensome for freight charges, less demanding for time of delivery, and less demanding for quality of transport;3 the flow is marked by a number of primary products and raw materials, mostly in bulk, which are transported from the place of origin to the place of processing, and one-way patterns.
It is clear that 4 are seasonal in nature, and that many dry bulk goods have seasonal in nature, such as cereals, agricultural production times and geographical differences, climate and seasonal distribution patterns, leading to significantly higher demand for cereal transport in the autumn than in other seasons. Dry bulk ships are those used to carry dry bulk cargo such as bulk grains, coal, ore, salt, cement, etc.
With regard to the special nature of the carriage of goods, the main features are the following: (a) the simple structure is more conducive to handling the goods, usually single deck ships without segregation, without complex facilities and equipment, and less expensive; and (b) in order to achieve economies of scale, ships have a greater tonnage.
The size of the fleet increased from 197 million to 1,034 million tons, representing a share of the world fleet from 34.07 per cent to 42.56 per cent. In 2024, global bulk maritime trade amounted to 5,743 million tons, or 32,33 trillion tons, accounting for approximately 45.42 per cent and 48.71 per cent of global shipping, respectively.
The main types of bulk ships are high-visibility, Panama-type, superb, psychic type 2.1.3. Container shipping markets and types of ships. Container cargo means cargo transported in containers.
Container ships are ships that carry containers and have different structures and shapes than ordinary cargo ships. They have no internal decks, and their cabins are usually located on the aft.
As an efficient ship, containerized ships operate at a higher speed than 20 knots (kn, corresponding to 37.04km/h). To facilitate the calculation of container quantities, a 20-foot container is used as a standard container (teu, twenty-footequivalentunit), also known as an international standard container unit, which is usually used to indicate a ship's loading collection.
The capacity of boxes is also an important statistical and conversion unit for container and port throughput. In 2024, the global volume of containerized seaborne trade amounted to 1,938 million tons, equivalent to 10.06 trillion tons of miles, representing about 15.33 per cent of global sea transport, and since 1966, traditional groceries have gradually been replaced by liner shipping, with containerization rates for bulk.
The size of containers has also increased rapidly, from 117 million heavy tons in 1985 to 364 million in 2024. The research framework: the ship-to-ship market through a supply-demand chain, our research framework has been structured around “two markets”, “three players”.
It refers to the shipping market, the shipbuilding market, and the “three roles” refers to charterers, shipowners, shipbuilding plants. Two logical chains are implicit in this frame: supply-demand (quantity) relations, price relations.
From the supply-demand side: the lessee is the demand side of the shipping market and its trade demand is the total volume of oil, bulk, containerized and other goods traded (tons), multiplied by the average shipping distance (miles) to obtain shipping demand (tons): the owner is the supply side of the shipping market and the operating vessel provides different types of transport, not only to the extent that it is transported.
The impact of ship size is also related to factors such as average speed, duration of voyage, and load utilization: shipping demand has a supply-demand relationship with shipping supply, passing through shipowners to the new ship-building market, i.e., the new ship demand. New demand and stock demand (e.g., up-to-date demand, environmental upgrading demand) are added.
New ship demand, which in turn becomes a new order through the owner's order to the shipyard. New orders are entered into the builder's queue and converted into hand-held orders, which represent the shipyard's collection stock. In cases where there is a sufficient number of hand-held orders, ship-building is largely the product level of the ship-builder, and hand-held orders are divided by the ship-builder's completion volume.
Longer delivery weeks means more than enough supply, and the global ship-building market is active, leading to higher ship prices. From a price-related point of view: in the shipping market, the measurement of shipping demand and supply implicitly implies a large amount of immeasurability.
The impact factors, such as geopolitics, environmental requirements, climate factors, allow us to observe changes in the price of shipments that are affected by the supply and demand relationship. In times of tight shipping supply, the price increases, which simultaneously push shipowners to gain more from charterers, and the profit of shipowners.
So the shipowners, as intermediaries in shipping markets and shipbuilding markets, closely link supply and demand (number) to price, creating a logical disconnect between “supply and demand in shipping markets – the volume of ship-building markets rises – and ship-building plants increase profitability.” At the same time, the “prices-forwards-for-ship prices” chain of conductive chains.
There is a certain delay in determining the price of shipping, which is often a forward-looking indicator of ship prices and even the profitability of shipbuilders, which is why any analysis of the new ship-building market requires close follow-up of shipping prices, revenues and shipping prices.
2.3.1. Global new ship-building markets: three major indicators show a remarkable expansion of the global new ship-building industry in 2024. In terms of the number of new orders, the global volume of new orders increased significantly to 168 million dwt, yoy+31.17 per cent, equivalent to 66 million cgt, yoy+32.43 per cent;
For stability, 88.14 million dwt, yoy+0.27%; however, the cgt-based shipbuilding has increased by 13.32%, reaching 40.38 million cgt, indicating a fixed increase in the ratio of high-value-added high-end ships in 2024. The global cgt hand-held order coverage (ship builder completion/hand-held order volume) is about 3.9 years.
In terms of the number of sub-ships completed, the number of container ships completed has increased significantly, and the number of tankers completed has declined continuously. Container ships have been growing faster, reaching 33.24 million dwt, yoy+27.16%, equivalent to 15 million cgt.
Youy+31.60 per cent achieved a significant increase for two consecutive years; bulk ship completion was relatively stable at 33.84 million dwt 86.69 million cgt, which has remained relatively stable since 2021; and the oil tanker completion rate was still on a significant downward trend, reaching 7.46 million dwt, yoy-49.94 per cent and 2.588 million cgt, yoy-29.93 per cent in cgt.
2.3.2. China ' s new ship-building market: performance exceeded the global average by 2024, and all three of China ' s indicators for the ship-building industry increased further. Of this, in terms of the number of new orders received, China had 243 million dwt in hand orders, yoy+47.42 by the end of 2024.
90.69 million cgt, yoy+36.94 per cent, mainly as a result of the steep increase in new orders; in terms of shipbuilding completion, China completed a total of 50.25 million dwt, yoy+9.03 per cent, equivalent to 21.54 million cgt, yoy+18.15 per cent, and the increase in dwt/cgt was 8.76 pct/4.83 pct above the global average, reflecting China ' s capacity to produce water
Ping (especially high-value-added, high-end ship-type production levels) is still rising rapidly. However, the rate of completion of China’s shipbuilding does not match the rapid growth in the number of new orders and hand-held orders. ... reflects the rigidity of China’s ship-building capacity and the fact that the supply side remains tight.
The size of new orders for each type of ship in China is high. Container ships have reached a new 42.1 million dwt, yoy+407.23%, an increase of more than four times; oil tankers have also achieved a significant increase of 40 million dwt, yoy+45.45%; shipbuilding in each type of ship has increased, but at varying rates.
The highest, yoy+32.39 per cent, totalled 18.8 million dwt; there were 22.2 million dwt, yoy+8.29 per cent bulk carriers; and the level of completion of tankers remained stable, with a small increase of 2.70 to 3.8 million dwt.
3.1. Long-term cycle: stable international trade demand. According to data from clarksons, by the end of 2024, the global merchant fleet of 100 gross tonnes or more had a fleet of 112,300, totalling 2,431 million dwt, with a capacity increase of 3.37 per cent over the previous year, with a rate of increase equal to that of 2023.
In the case of ships: after an accelerated increase in 2022, the increase in the capacity of oil tankers slowed from 2023 onwards (youy container capacity continued to grow with a capacity of 30.8471 million teu (equivalent to 364 million dwt), a significant increase of 9.67 per cent over the same period).
The growth in the size of the global fleet reflects the stability of international trade demand. The global gdp growth rate since 2000 is strongly correlated with the growth of maritime trade.
The global growth rate of gdp has remained stable at around 3 to 4% during sudden events such as the crown epidemic. On the basis of this methodology, the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development, in its Review of Maritime Transport 2024, projected an increase of about 2.4% in global sea traffic (tons) between 2025 and 2029.
Based on unctad ' s judgement of the average annual growth rate in global seaborne trade from 2025 to 2029, we measure the size of the additional fleet requirements under different scenarios. The demand side variable is in shipping distance: shipping demand (tons) = total trade (tons) x average shipping distance (miles)
Under the optimistic scenario, the Red Sea crisis will remain for several years, with a high shipping distance of 2024; under the neutral scenario, the red sea lanes will recover rapidly and fully, with an average shipping distance falling by 5.0 per cent to 2022 levels. The supply side variable is the efficiency factor, which is based on the size of the fleet divided by ton-mile trade, implying a year.
The calculation is simplified by variables such as running time, speed, and utilization. The efficiency factor is high, meaning that more power is provided by the same fleet size. Levels between years; pessimistic assumptions, the efficiency factor is reduced by 2.0%, close to 2023 levels, meaning the world.
There are a number of possibilities for decreased fleet speed, reduced cabin utilization, reduced operational time, etc. The demand was 52.91 million dwt, pessimisticly assuming an average annual requirement of 44.8 million dwt.
3.2.1. The ageing of ships leads to a definitive renewal cycle The ageing of ships brings with it a periodic and definitive demand for inventory renewal. Looking back at the last shipbuilding cycle, shipbuilding has continued to grow steadily for 13 consecutive years since 1998 and has reached a historic high in 2011.
At the peak, 168 million tons of shipbuilding were completed that year. Considering the natural useful life of ships for 20 to 25 years, new ships have been ageing since 1998.
Data show that in 2024, 42.50 per cent of all types of ships worldwide were over 20 years old, 34.33 per cent more than 25 years old; 16.76 per cent of ships in gross tonnage were over 20 years old and 7.46 per cent more than 25 years old.
To improve the reliability of the measurements, we use the gross tonnage ratio and assume the dwt ratio is the same. By doing so, we find that oil tankers will dominate in 2025-2034 on the update pace of the main ship type.
The aggregate level of demand for new ships under the scenario: the average annual demand for new ships is 143 million dwt under optimistic assumptions; and, under neutral assumptions, the annual global volume of new orders is 128 million dwt, indicating that the global new ship demand model can remain at least 2023 levels, even under the most pessimistic assumptions.
Moreover, the average age of ships is still increasing, with space available at higher points than in the previous cycle, and ship-building cycles are unlikely to end at higher points in the average age of ships.
In 2023, the International Maritime Organization ' s imo greenhouse gas (ghg) reduction strategy for ships in 2023 called for net zero emissions to be achieved by 2050, taking into account different national circumstances; and for the milestones to be achieved by 2030, the total annual emissions of inter-country greenhouse gases will be reduced by at least 20 per cent compared to 2008 and 70 per cent by 2040.
On the carbon abatement implementation path, the medium- and long-term rely mainly on the development and application of alternative low-carbon and zero-carbon fuels. As long as 25% (608 million dwt) are assumed by 2030, an annual average of 50.83 million tonnes is expected to accelerate the need for renewal.
3.3. Short-cycle: Focus on the impact of the Red Sea route crisis on average shipping distance. Global shipping volume indicators in 2024 have maintained the upward trend since the outbreak. As of November 2024, full coverage.
The global shipping volume indicator is 121.4 points and the three-cycle moving average of yoy + 2.9 per cent; and the oil volume indicator is 113.5 points, square points, average of yoy + 3.4 per cent, all of which have achieved a significant increase, and we can deconstruct the causes of the increase in the shipping volume to a change in tonnage and an increase in the average shipping distance due to the volume (tons) = shipping (tons) × average shipping distance (miles)
The increase in the global average shipping distance has been largely influenced by geopolitical conflicts. The October 2023 conflict between Israel and Palestine resumed in October 2023.
In late November, the attack by the Houthi armed forces in solidarity with Gaza on the “Galactic Leader” led to a Red Sea voyage crisis, in which the multinational fleet was forced to bypass the Cape of Good Hope by being unable to cross the Red Sea through the Strait of Mande to the Suez Canal. In the case of the Dutch Rotterdam-Singapore route, it took 11,720 nautical miles to bypass the Cape of Good Hope in South Africa, a 39% increase in the length of the Red Sea.
The trade and energy routes along the Suez Canal route account for 14 per cent of the world ' s seaborne trade, with a shift in routes leading to an increase in transport capacity. Clarksons estimate that, since the end of 2023, the blockage of shipping in the Red Sea has increased global shipping demand by about 2.5 per cent, with container ships (+11 per cent), motor carriers (+7 per cent), finished oil tankers and liquefied days.
The most significant impact was felt in such disaggregated areas as air transport vessels, and therefore in short-cycle shipping markets, the main focus was on the progress of the Red Sea shipping route crisis.