Performance forecast for 2023: Performance meets expectations, photovolt & semiconductor, equipment & materials double-wheel drive
Keywords: # Second Curve  Performance meets expectations, Equipment + Material Co-arranged.  Photovoltaic equipment: Achieve full coverage of silicon, batteries, components.
Silicon monocrystal furnaces in 2006 which were then extended to slicers, stacked tile units, and cell block equipment. (1) Fifth generation low-oxy monocrystal furnaces: 12 ppm in the first half of 2023, have now been reduced to 10 ppm, deoxygen and hypooxy, which are contributing to the efficiency of the battery fragments.
Single-crystal furnaces are definitive trends. (2) Battery equipment: positioning compatible totcon+xbc as a whole solution, pecvd crystallizes the selection of fine silk routes and optimizes the normal distribution of battery efficiency.
(1) Large silicone equipment: Kryptonium is the country ' s long-form crystallized equipment that provides the whole solution of crystals, slices, grinding, polishing. (2) Advanced encapsulation: crystallized thinners, air main axes for spare parts, air bearings, etc.
In 2017, Jingsheng was fully nationalized, followed by the national production of consumables. (3) Carbonated silicon extension equipment: crystallized silicon extension equipment is a domestic flagship, launched in February 2023 with a six-inch double-band extension and launched in June of the same year with an 8-inch one-size-formula device that is compatible with 6-8-inch production.
“Crystal Power” (300316): Carbonized materials: carbonated silicon linen & quartz & steel line. Silicon liner + extension equipment, equipment + material double
(1) Carbonated silicon liners: 8 inches of silicon liners have been produced in bulk, 6 inches and 8 inches of chip production core faults can stabilize tsd < 100/m2, bpd < 400/cm2 to industry leadership levels, with customers including central core integration etc.;
(c) Silicon liner film extension project, equipment + materials
(3) The Golden Steel Line: the first stage of production and bulk marketing, the second phase of expansion, the acceleration of tungsten-line research and development.  Profit forecasting and investment rating: photovoltaic equipment is the first curve in crystallizer power growth, the second curve
The third curve is silicon carbide equipment plus materials and semiconductor.