Launching of the Quality Return Double Action Program, Helping Hong 05, 2024, Research Assistant Li Wen Yi
• Focus on corporate development, continuous improvement of governance structures & information disclosure, etc.. The company has launched five specific initiatives: (1) focus on advanced materials + advanced equipment strategy to improve the quality of development: continuous push material + equipment double-wheel drive; and (2) strengthen research and development technological innovation to sustain innovation leading to high-quality development
:: Continued and increased investment in research and development, with the introduction of ultraconductive magnetic field low-oxy monocrystal furnaces, battery film equipment, carbon silicon extenuating equipment, etc.; (3) solid governance and upgrading of the standard operating level: complete internal control systems, promotion of “three levels” of due diligence, etc.; (4) continuous improvement in the quality of information disclosure and enhancement
Communication with investors: 10 years in a row since listing, rated as a rating in the exchange's information disclosure; (5) Ten-year payback investor concept, effective return to investors: 10 million shares since 2022, continuing cash dividends since listing, with red shares as a percentage of net profits of the combined parent
Maintains more than 20%, with a cumulative red fraction of more than 1.8 billion yuan.
Single crystal furnaces: 12 ppm oxygen content is generally required in the first half of 2023, which has now been reduced to 10 ppm, and desaerobic, low-oxy monocrystal furnaces with enhanced power cell efficiency are a definite trend. (2) Battery equipment: development of tubes pecvd, lpcvd, diffusion, de-fire, single cavity ald
The semiconductor device locates three main links: large silicon, advanced encapsulation, carbonated silicon.
(ii) Advanced encapsulation: Kryptonized thinners, air mains, air bearings, etc. for spare parts, all nationalized in 2017, followed by national production of consumables. (3) Carbon, Crystal Gear Power (300316); performance forecast 2023
Silicon extension equipment: Jing Sheng is the national leader, 6 inches of double extension were introduced in February 2023: performance met expectations, photovoltaic & semiconductor readiness, 8 inches of single-size equipment was launched in June of the same year, compatible with 6 and 8 inches of production.
Body, equipment & material double-wheel drive materials: layout silicon-carbide liner & quartz & steel line. (1) Carbon silicon linerator bottom: 8 inches. Carbon silicon linerator negatives have been produced in bulk, 6 inches and 8 inches yielding crystals at the core.
Crystal Spill Power (300316): layout silicon lined carbonated to stabilize tsd < 100/m2, bpd < 400/cm2 to industry leader level, including middle core integration, etc.; (2) Quartzium: accelerated production of silicon, continuous research
Bottom + extension equipment, equipment + material double-wheel drive High-quality superdrive; (3) Golden Steel Line: production and bulk marketing of a mass production project, promotion of phase II extension project and acceleration of tungsten wire development.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: Photovoltaic equipment is the first curve of crystallizer power growth, the second curve is the release of photovoltaic and semiconductor consumables, the third curve is the carbonated silicon equipment plus materials and semiconductor.