On November 27, 2017, the company issued a public announcement on 25 November 2017 to invest in continued research and development by the controlling subsidiary of the company's wholly-owned subsidiary, “Mow’s Sock”
In order to speed up the process of marketing its products and promote the healthy development of its operations, the company decided to replenish the “violet co-creation”; it issued a public announcement that the fully-owned subsidiary “Microtech in the capital” had invested in the construction of the Chengdu R & D Centre project, which had a total investment of approximately R & D R — R — R & D, testing a single R — R — R & D platform.
On November 26, at the interactive platform, the violet core indicated that if the future Yangjiang under the violet group had the capacity to store dram crystallines, the company would consider co-inventive capital with the Yangtze river to promote fpga research and development. “Swipe-in-the-light” was a holding subsidiary of the company's fully-owned subsidiary, “Mush-the-Book” \triangleright, to ensure that the same light was created.
The company has decided to recapitalize purple co-generation through continuous R & D inputs to speed up the marketing process of products and promote their healthy development. The Replenishment will be a “pool investment” for both the PV and the PVC shareholders, and the PVC shareholders, Shigechi, will not participate in the Replenishment and will be replenished in cash. Prior to the Replenishment, the company was able to do so through the All-Yuan Haiwoo Research Assistant.
After this replenishment, PVN and PVK hold 36.5% of PVC and PVK shareholding 27%. PVK holds only 27% of PVC's fully-owned subsidiary, PVG, the company's indirect shareholder, Beijing. Therefore, PV and RD are not included in the company's consolidated statements, thus reducing its follow-up to some extent.
This replenishment is intended to facilitate the smooth implementation of its research and development projects, enhance its competitiveness, and enable its long-term development.
To meet the company's need for sustained future development, the company intends to make full use of the capital resources, the industry, and the capital.
The project will be built into a single R & D platform. The total investment will be about R & D 597 million yuan, of which the construction cost will be $460 million, and the project will be financed from the capital of the capital country's R & D programme, which will last three years, and is expected to be completed in 2020.
"The stockholders of the parent company have lost their net profits, and the memory chip business is developing well." 17.08.23 Consider working with the Yangtze River.
\triangleright will consider working with it. In 2016, the company entered the storage chip design through the acquisition of the Xian purple core, which is mainly designed for the dram storage crystal circle and is now produced mainly by the specialized factory. In recent years, storage chips have been required as a result of the rapid development of smart end-use industries, such as downstream smartphones.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd. seeks a significant increase, while the number of sub-plants in the current market is small, and in order to gain limited capacity, the company raised the cost of sub-planting, leading to a high demand of cindaseuritiesco., Ltd.
Māori from the company's storage of chip products continued to decline in Beijing's West Side, 9th House Building. The Yangtze storage and the purple core belong to the Purple Group. If the future Yangtze storage is made with crystallized manufacturing capabilities and cooperative relationships with the company, the company's chip manufacturing will be less constrained by other surrogates, which will contribute significantly to the company's future performance.
\triangleright Risk factors: macroeconomic development is slow; storage operations are not expanding as expected, exchange losses are increasing and the Māori rate is significantly reduced. \triangleright
Tianjin, Beijing University Institute for National Development Research,ba, used to be a powerful 500-year-old American company, Nokia, Finland, for mobile phone research and laboratory management. In 2015, he joined the Sinda securities industry for computer research. Yuan Hae-woo, Beijing University, Bachelor of Physics, Master of Condensed Physics.
This report has been prepared and published by the China Securities Commission. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sindha securities and provides support and reference in investment decisions for this category of customers, with strict agreement on rights and obligations. It is provided to specific customers only and not to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of securities or investment objects should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. At different times, or through the use of different assumptions and criteria, different perspectives and analytical methods have led to the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which special notice may not be given.