In a recent announcement, the company announced that its parent company, Xu Xu, was included in the list of the first pilot mixed ownership reform enterprises in Jiangsu province.
Xu's entry into Jiangsu province is expected to improve its efficiency and competitiveness. Xu's entry into Jiangsu province is expected to lead to a change in its first list.
In the province, the Xu workers group was included in the list of the first pilot enterprises in Jiangsu. The introduction of private capital helped companies to build up their assets, improve their efficiency, and further improve the competitiveness of their markets.
We firmly appreciate the development of Xu Xu’s private capital, which will unleash the company’s potential to escape the inefficiency of state companies. Xu Xu Xu has been seeking to change the list since 2015.
The Xu Workers Group is a 100% holding state-owned enterprise of the Jiangsu People’s Government, with a high degree of marketization in total equity/flow (million shares), but within the framework of a specific enterprise system, many systems are limited.
The total market value/flow (millions of dollars) is going to be much better. President Wang Min has publicly stated that it is important to move forward with a firm and unswerving mix of companies, making them the world’s leading engineering and machinery companies.
The reason for this is that the Xu Workers Group has had a difficult process, which has been delayed since 2015. This time, Xu's report (000425) reported a slight excess of performance, and the first changes to the list in Jiangsu Province, which marks the company's change of agenda, is expected to be officially on the agenda for two years.
It is expected that the mix will continue to be completed within the company’s trends. As the largest enterprise in the country in terms of engineering and machinery, Xu is currently in possession of road machinery, earth stone machinery, crane equipment, excavator equipment, concrete equipment, fire protection.
Xu Engineering Mechanics (000425) The crane industry base equipment, high-altitude platforms, military engineering equipment, etc.
To improve the company's market competitiveness, we judge that Xu's future will become our “Cartley Level” - 2018/07/08 Pyler, and that Xu's platform is expected to become the first global team in the field of engineering and machinery.
Xu's Quarterly Report was overrated, and the benefits of the engineering and machinery industry were high and based on a judgment of the revival of the engineering and machinery industry, we appreciate the horizontal development of Xu's machinery.
Further - 2018/04/15 Adding the niche group to the global frontline engineering and machinery company. Without considering growth and possible speed increases, it is expected that the company’s market will be more competitive.
It is expected that industrial research in the field of corporate market competitiveness will be further enhanced, and that it will be good at industrial chain research, especially with regard to industrial automation.
In June 2017, Pacific securities were brought together to explore investment opportunities through industry and corporate fundamentals. He worked at the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre, which joined Pacific securities in July 2017.
The Centre, which joined the Pacific equities in July 2017, is good at capitalizing on investment opportunities from the bottom up. The Centre, which joined the Pacific securities in September 2017, is good at capitalizing on investment opportunities from industrial trends.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.