The company released its semi-annual report for 2018, resulting in a net profit of $1,104 million, an increase of 100.62 per cent over the same period, and a net operating cash flow of $1,946 million, an increase over the same period.
In the first half of the year, the domestic market for engineering and machinery continued to grow strongly, with 51% higher than the average in the first half of the year for the main eight categories of the industry. Corporate product sales grew faster than averages in the first half of the year.
Total operating income increased by 65.81 per cent over the year, with inventories almost equal to the beginning of the year, with three costs combined increasing by 36.22 per cent over the year, of which financial costs decreased by 71.98 per cent over the same period; and research and development inputs increased by only 19.58 per cent in the first half of the year, increasing the consumption of used and legal vehicles
Total equity/flow (million shares) keeps the traditional niche product plate at the forefront. At the same time, it is a strong whole-product line.
The market for mobile cranes remains the world’s largest, with the market for tracked cranes rising 12 months’ highest/minimum ($) of which the market for wheel cranes of over 80 tons is 52%.
Xu Engineering Machine (000425) "Mixing speed, with broken chassis maintenance machine sales increasing by 44 per cent on a year-on-year basis, tunnel digs, wall grabs, looking for further improvements in the competitiveness of the company ' s market."
The sale of all three products has more than doubled. Environmental equipment has accelerated to become the top three players in the national city -- 2018/08/07. The company has won a new drone platform development project, the only one to be selected.
Xu Engineering Mechanics (000425) reported slightly outperforming production units, achieving a “zero breakthrough” in the development of new areas of civil-military integration of unmanned equipment.
Six months later, the company launched 47 new and highly competitive new technology products. Of these, 1 was the first product in Asia and 27 in the country.
Speeding up the layout of overseas markets and continuing to lead the global ranking of domestic engineering and machinery companies.
According to the latest national customs data, Xu's branded products were exported first in the first half of the year, and the company sold abroad.
Revenue of $3.704 billion, an increase of 68.73 per cent. During the reporting period, the company set up a new company, Xu Trai Indonesia Ltd. and Xu Yu Turkey Ltd., to further improve its overseas market layout. To date, the company has well-developed marketing networks in more than 60 countries, with 14 spare parts.
The Centre, which has 18 offices, 357 service points and more than 120 spare parts points, proposes investments: based on a judgment of the long-term trend upwards in the engineering and machinery industry, we see that the horizontal development of companies gradually increases the class of niches and joins the global frontline engineering and machinery company.
They've been in the financial sector for more than six years, and they've been working for eight years before entering the financial sector.
In June 2017, Pacific securities were brought together to explore investment opportunities through industry and corporate fundamentals. He worked at the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre, which joined Pacific securities in July 2017.
The Centre, which joined the Pacific equities in July 2017, is good at capitalizing on investment opportunities from the bottom up. The Centre, which joined the Pacific securities in September 2017, is good at capitalizing on investment opportunities from industrial trends.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.