High performance growth was the culmination of a boom, and the growth in income from the crane was sustained on 30 August 2018 by a conglomerates.
According to the sub-operations, market opportunities arising from corporate cranes, engineering and machinery components, shoveling machines, stench machinery and other structural changes on the supply side, combined with artificial substitution, environmental degradation and upgrading of equipment, the engineering and machinery industry is in a state of high equanimity, and the company has a number of operations.
With the easing of national policies, capital investment is expected to rebound in the second half of the year, and capital investment is projected to increase by 8% over the year. Structural excellence increases the resilience of capital investment and offsets real-estate investment.
Downside risks, leading the engineering and machinery industry to a booming business. Cost rates are well controlled during the period, and profitability is stable. Sub-operations, cranes/engineering and machinery parts/drawling machines/pilling machines/other engineering machinery.
In the case of the crane industry, which is well-established, with the overall increase in innovation, the concentration of the engineering and machinery industry continues to rise, and the company's market position as a leading firm is becoming more and more abrupt, taking advantage of products, channels and size to take advantage of the market quickly and to remain firm in its full-line formation.
1 Xu Engineering Machinery: The speed at which the changes are made is accelerating and the business is well under way: the Ministry of Lifting and Mechanics has maintained market ownership of the mobile cranes, the traditional business is stable, 2016-03-29.
First in the world, significant progress has been made in high-end products, shoveling machines, road machinery, environmental equipment, and civil-military integration.
There are breakthroughs in the parts and components of the heart, and innovation is increasing to lead industry development.
The company is expected to further advance smart manufacturing planning, strengthen business management and incentives, promote the reorganization of high-quality assets within the group, and sustain healthy development.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board (CMS), Dong Wu Securities Limited has been in possession of the Securities Investment Advisory Board.