An international high-end Chinese business card, 2017 ppp+ "One Way" to help it fly. March 22nd, 2017.
In 2016, Chinese cars received $8.1 billion in export orders, an increase of nearly 40% over the previous year, and the company is expected to have a far-reaching impact.
Lou's overseas orders announced that overseas orders were about $109 billion, that overseas receipts had been estimated at $798 billion, or 73.2 per cent, and that companies were expected to make more than +30 per cent of their overseas market revenues in 2017. On March 22, the “one-way” network of officials was officially online and multilingual.
The version officially opens up global connectivity; in May, the annual summit of the history of the world's One Way Summit will be held in Beijing, where companies, as high-end overseas business cards of Chinese equipment, will provide a vast development space that will benefit most from overseas markets. In addition, we judge that overseas ppps are available.
The company’s diversity, the demand for moving cars on average is nearly 400 rows per year, the truck’s heating back in 2017, the growth of motor vehicles and buses has been stable, and the growth of urban-track vehicles has been significant, and is expected to be higher than expected.
Domestic tenders, inter-city railways, overseas markets, vehicle encryption, etc., estimate the average annual transfer of 393 rows between 2017 and 2020, with 472 classified as historically high in 2015; urban orbital transport is projected to reach 1,000 km in 2017, compared with 95% in the previous year;
The truck market is forecast to be warming back in 2017, with a similar harvest of +21 per cent, and bus and locomotives will remain largely stable; the company ' s new industrial operations, including general utility power, new energy equipment, new materials, etc., will rise by 12.8 pt in 2015 and are expected to become a new anchor for the company ' s future performance.
In 2017, the ppp estimate is expected to bring $5.8 trillion in capital gains, and the company's inter-trading ppp, small capital-led equipment sales. According to Toshio macro, the company evaluates with the existing stock items: continuously winning the ppp project, opening up the company's new growth space.
In 2017, the additional contract size of the DRC is expected to reach $2 trillion; in 2017, the company took stock: the overseas market had a lot of breakthroughs and a firm view of the way forward.
Corporate reviews: The net profit from the parent deduction increased by 18.7 per cent, the “new industry” company reviews: the company's six-month performance is impressive, the “new industry” and the “urban small self-financing to leverage the sale of vehicle equipment, while at the same time reaping the return on investment during the period of operation.
Corporate rating: In the first half of the year, major contracts of the company, such as subway and wind power, are in the process of promoting the securitization of ppp assets, which will significantly improve the cash flow of the company, and will result in the establishment of the company rating: “Credit rent” will accelerate the easing of client financial pressure.
Rolling development of ppp projects. Profit forecasting and investment rating: a company is one of the most dynamic of the big corporations, company rating: $12 billion will be approved by the board of directors, financial pressure will be high
The year 2017 was a year of policy at the ppp and the “one-way” and the company ended 2016 with an average of $8.1 billion in overseas export orders, +40 per cent of the year, and corporate ratings: steady performance growth, future overseas business expansion and movement
At the annual meeting of the World Economic Forum in Davos on 17 January, President Xi Jinping announced that in May of this year, China will host a summit of international cooperation forums in Beijing, with a view to working together to build a platform for cooperation and share the results of cooperation in order to address the current challenges facing the world and regional economies.
The problem is to find solutions that can inject new energy into the realization of a united development, so that “all the way” can be built better for the benefit of all peoples. World trade, not just for China, will benefit many countries along the way.
The Asian Development Bank estimates that by 2020, $8 trillion will be needed for infrastructure development along the “one-way” route. Despite current support from the Silk Road Fund, the Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank, and the Asian Development Bank, only $3 trillion per year will be available.
In addition, the summit in May was the highest ever organized by China in the three years of its strategy.
At present, 81-year-old Saudi King Salman, led a thousand-strong luxury mission to China, opening up a good headline for the "one-way" period.
China announced the upgrading of its comprehensive strategic partnership and signed 14 memorandums of understanding and letters of intent. Zhang Ming, Vice-Minister for Foreign Affairs of China, stated that the agreement included 35 projects for cooperation worth $65 billion, covering areas such as crude oil, petrochemicals, transport, nuclear energy, mining and so on, with both the depth and breadth of the diplomacy of the two countries
In an interview with China's Chinese Vice-President Yu Wei, the NPC representative and China's Chinese Vice-President, on the “Dialogue New State Enterprise for Development, New Dimensions” network, it was reported that the "Four Flutters" appeared to be coming out of the sea.
In 2016, Chinese cars received $8.1 billion in export orders, an increase of nearly 40%. At present, China exports its goods to 102 countries and territories on six continents, with 83% of the world’s railway-owned countries.
We have counted China’s public announcement of overseas orders for the period 2012-2016. Red represents the total amount of overseas orders and blue indicates the level of overseas receipts in the year, as shown in the figure below.
In incomplete statistics, the announced overseas purchase orders amounted to approximately $109 billion, and the overseas receipts were $798 billion (for 2016, projected value), or 73.2 per cent, assuming an average delivery period of 1.5 years, based on the company ' s aforementioned overseas orders for 2016, we estimate the company ' s expected contribution in 2017.
China's high-end equipment business cards, with 46 subsidiaries spread throughout the country, were merged on the basis of reciprocity between China, China, China, China, and China, China, China, and China, China, China, and China, China, China, and China, China, and China, China, China, and China, and China, and China, and China, and China, with China, China, China, and China, with a number of companies, including China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China and China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China and China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China., China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China,
With the approval of the China CSRC, China was successfully listed on 8 June 2015 at the Shanghai Stock Exchange and Hong Kong Union. There are 46 fully owned and controlled companies with more than 170,000 employees. Headquarters is in Beijing. China is the largest and most diverse country in the world.
3. Railways received more than half of their share of rail equipment, with a steady rise in the combined Māori ratio.
Equipment operations, urban track and urban infrastructure operations, new industry operations and modern service operations.
Truck operations, orbital engineering and machinery operations are included in railway equipment statistics, and other industries up to 2015 include, inter alia, modern logistics and off-orbit transport-related industries, which, according to the consolidated classification, should be classified as modern services.
Prior to 2014, North Vehicles incorporated urban orbital subway vehicles into the railway equipment statistics, and North/South combined urban orbital ore vehicles into the “city track and urban infrastructure” were accounted for separately, and the relevant pre-merger details were reclassified according to the consolidated income categories;
Other operations of the North Car in 2011 were mainly in the modern logistics industry, rentals, etc., and this should be categorized under the merger into modern services, with a range of revenues based on the readjustment of categories. The above figure shows that the largest share was in railway equipment operations, with railway equipment in 2015
On the one hand, the decline is due to a larger decline in passenger and cargo vehicles in 2015 than in 2014, which was estimated at $123.7 billion, a decline of about 5.1 per cent over the same period, mainly because of the fall in the railway market last year, and the same decline in the sales of motorcycles, motor cars and trucks.
(1) Start-up Group Block: The 2015 Group has a high point of procurement, with 2017 China markings expected to take place The largest proportion of railway equipment in the company's business section remains the main support and contribution point for the company's future performance, with the moving fleet earning an increasing share over the years, as shown in the figure below, even though
During the slowdown in the economy, the start-up fleet continued to grow, and in 2016, as a result of the start-up of the bidding process, which was significantly lower than expected, and due to the fact that the build-up of the iron masters and the Chinese marking system had not yet been established, the start-up in 2016 is expected to be below the 2015 level, while we look forward to 2017.
The start-up group bidding is expected to return to normal tender levels, and China’s standard-drilling fleet can be used in small quantities. (2) Urban track and urban infrastructure: will continue to grow steadily in the future.
In late 2015, 26 cities in mainland China opened a total of 116 lines, with a total of 3618 km of operational lines and a fleet of 19941 vehicles with an average density of 5.51 vehicles/km.
According to the three-year action plan for the construction of major transport infrastructure, issued in 2016, priority was given to the development of 103 pre-projects, with new orbital traffic exceeding 2,000 kilometres, with an average of 667 kilometres added per year, although, according to our data, the additional urban track operating mileage in 2017 is expected to be reached
On the foreign side, in March 2016, Qingjia Motor Vehicles Company Ltd., a controlled subsidiary of China Car Company Limited, and its wholly-owned subsidiary, China South, had a car in the United States of America.