China's Great Stone (600176.sh) Kang Eining has maintained a high-winding cycle, and the company's performance has grown faster over the past six months.
It can be partially shut down, market demand is growing steadily, the industry as a whole is operating in a high-growth cycle, there is a good trend in the supply-demand relationship, the company ' s cost-side controls are working well, the marketing structure continues to optimize, the capacity is expanding steadily, and we keep looking at the continuation of the high-growth cycle in the industry and the company in the industry.
The performance of 2018h1 is in line with the expected faster growth: the company issued an advance notice for the performance of 2018h1, which is expected to be above the dollar, y0y+25 per cent, the company ' s performance is maintained at a faster pace, in line with market expectations, and the net profit achieved by the company q2 in a single quarter is above $640 million and y0y+20 per cent.
Performance analysis: The company ' s performance grew more rapidly in the first half of the year, mainly as a result of the two-way role of industry policy and market adjustment, the maintenance of the fibre-optic market in a high-growth cycle and better downstream demand, in particular because of the strong demand for its electronic veil market and the increase in the volume and prices of its products during the reporting period, and the same
The combination of products keeps costs under reasonable control and maintains a downward trend; marketing structures continue to optimize, high-end product sales continue to increase, and Māori rates are expected to remain at a high level.
The short- and long-term effects of the US-China trade war are limited and will improve the competitiveness of the United States market in the medium to long term: on July 10, 2018, the United States issued a list of circulars entitled “Taxes on China's 200 billion commodities”, with a proposed 10% increase in the tariffs on the products. In the short term, 1. The implementation of the above-mentioned tax increases remains uncertain.
2. The company sold about 100,000 tons of fibre-optic products in the United States market in 2017, representing only 7 per cent of total annual sales, with limited impact; in the medium and long term, the company invested 80,000 tons of fibre-optics in the United States, which will be ready for production by the beginning of the 19th, when the products produced by the company ' s United States factory will be supplied directly to the United States.
Local markets in the country, if the United States government determines that it will impose customs duties on China’s bobbit exports to the United States, will increase access thresholds for other competitors and indirectly increase the competitiveness of the company’s U.S. line of production products, and the company’s U.S. market share is expected to rise.
There is a good trend in the supply-demand relationship and a steady rise in the price of the product: in the first half of 2018, there was a steady increase in the production of the fibre-optic industry, a steady increase in the demand for downstream wind power, automobiles, infrastructure, etc., adding up, environmental policies are becoming more stringent, small output is being partially shut down and the industry as a whole is in a high-growth cycle.
In the process, there is a good trend in the supply-demand relationship. The impact of improved supply-demand relations in the beneficiary markets has been an overall 6% increase in the price of the company's 2018q1 fibre-optic products, with good downstream acceptance, and some of the company's products are still in the process of continuing to raise prices. On the other hand, the structure of the company's products continues to rise in line with market demand.
We're looking at a stable upturn in the market in the bovine industry, especially the electronic veil market, a boom in product prices, a high-capacity run across the industry, and we're at a high level.
During the cycle. The company, as the leader of the industry, has steadily increased its capacity and sales, and the future high-end product route will effectively support steady growth in the company ' s performance, while the resumption of production in the second half of the year will further increase the volume of production and sales. We expect the company ' s net profits to be split between 2018 and 2019.
The expected remuneration (expected return; er) is as follows: