The Māori rate remains high and the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre is growing faster at 2018h1.
Events: The company released its mid-2018 report, which achieved business income of $5.02 billion in the first half of 2018, an increase of 23.1 per cent in the same year; a net return profit of $1.270 billion, an increase of 25.9 per cent in the same year; cash flow from business activities, a faster increase in performance in the first half of 2018, a stable high Māori rate and a significant fall in cost during the period.
In terms of indicators, the faster growth of companies has been the result of high Māori maintenance rates and falling cost rates over time, with the upper-level company being the world leader in the fibre-optics industry, and the continued expansion of productive capacity, which is expected to increase further. The giant stone is the world-class leader in the field of fibre-optics, which, by the end of 2017, had reached 1.4 million tons/years or more.
After the world’s first Owensconning, with more than 30% of the country’s production capacity, the company’s new materials intelligence project shows the company’s ability to pre-position intelligence. In May 2016, the company’s fibre-optic industrial smart manufacturing base was officially laid, and in December 2017, the company’s director
Through China ' s Great Stone New Materials Smart Manufacturing Project, which includes 150,000 tonnes/year of fibre and 180,000 tonnes/year of electronic veils/year of electronic fabric, the orderly advancement of smart manufacturing projects will further enhance the productivity of the public administration and improve the country ' s state of technology and capacity deficiencies in the high-end electronic veil sector, with company-to-market dominance.
• Consider the expansion of the downstream applications of the company and the boom in the fibre-optic industry. In the light of current developments in the market for the fibre-optics, the trend towards diversification of downstream demand is more pronounced, especially in the areas of light vehicle quantification and industrial composite material applications.
Of these, the construction sector (about 30 per cent) has relatively stable demand, with high demand in the areas of railing, light-quantifiable automobiles, electronics, wind power, etc., with the acceleration of downstream applications, the booming of the bobble industry, and the clear benefits of companies as industry leaders.
The net return profit over the next three years will maintain a composite growth rate of 21.1%. Compared to listed companies for the target industry, this gives (3) the risks of the Chinese-American trade war and exchange rate fluctuations; (4) the risks of new projects not expanding as expected.
China Giant Stone Co. Ltd. (China Giant Stone) is mainly involved in the production and sale of fibreglass and products. Its main product is more than a million tons, with a world of capacity of about 20 per cent (after the world ' s first Owensconning) and an energy-producing country of more than 30 per cent, and is the country ' s absolute leader; the company ' s production base is mainly located in Zhejiang, Jiangxi, Sichuan and Egypt.
The company is controlled by China Construction Materials Ltd., which, as shown in figure 1, is the company’s first shareholder, holding 26.97 per cent of the shares and actually controlling the company. The company’s main business is concentrated. As shown in figure 2, the company’s main product is fibre optics and their products, accounting for 97 per cent of its income.
Corporate ownership is highly concentrated.2 Companies operate at a time of gradual improvement in their performance when they undertake efficiency-enhancing work, such as cold-renovation, gradually reduce production costs and achieve high growth in net return earnings.
With regard to the Māori rate, the growth in Māori performance in the first half of 2014 - 2017 remained relatively rapid. The company achieved business income of $5.02 billion in the first half of the year, an increase of 23.1 per cent compared to the previous year, and a net return of $1.27 billion, a rise of 25.9 per cent compared to the same increase in income and profits.
By way of illustration, the faster growth of the company is the result of high Maori maintenance rates and lower cost rates during the first half of the year, assuming that 1: the area of downstream applications is expanding, downstream demand is growing steadily at around 9 per cent, new capacity is gradually being built into production, smart manufacturing projects are expected to contribute to performance, and fibres and their products are expected to start in 2020.
Assumption 2: supply and demand as a whole are in a relatively tight balance, corporate income from high-end products is rising, and the Māori rate remains high from 2018 to 2020;
Table 2: Risk of significant increases in natural gas prices in comparable corporate valuation tables for the bobby industry; (2) risk of a significant decline in downstream demand;
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.