The growth in performance remained positive, with the release of productive capacity and global layout underpinning the Chinese Stone (600176), which was reported in mid-2018.
In the first half of 2018, a marked increase in corporate sales, coupled with a rise in aggregate prices, led to a gross operating income of $5,018 billion, an increase of 23.06 per cent over the previous year. While raw materials were procured uniformly, the company ' s operating costs increased by the same amount, by 24,65 per cent, to $2,731 million. The company ' s Māori ratio remained at a higher level, at 45.58 per cent, compared to 45.58 per cent, owing to faster cost increases.
The fall in the cost rate contributed to higher profitability during the period. Corporate sales increased 22.64 per cent, mainly as a result of higher transportation costs; company management fees increased by 5,77 per cent, mainly as a result of an increase in employee remuneration; and company financial costs decreased by 8.97 per cent, owing to an increase in exchange rate earnings. Three fees increased by 10 per cent. The company ' s current cost was 14.24 per cent, a decrease of 2.37 percentage points from the same period the previous year.
In the first half of 2018, the construction of cold and production capacity and internationalization were accelerated. All four production lines built and repaired by the Great Shikjiangjiangjiangjiang River were set on fire, and 350,000 tons of fibreglass were built.
East’s financial and intellectual boom has continued, with 150,000 tons of annual crude production lines coming into production in the fourth quarter of 2018, and 60,000 tons of fine sand line projects starting in the first quarter of 2019. Meanwhile, the offshore production and distribution of capacity has continued to accelerate, with 80,000 tons of production lines coming into production in the first quarter of 2019.
Quarterly capacity release periods, especially in the US, help companies avoid the effects of the US-China trade war. 13 times, 11 times, and nine times, respectively, companies as global tumblers, combined competitive and risk-resistant firms, and global layout rules that avoid US-China trade war risks, as well as productive capacity releases, enter the concentration period.
\triangleright, the source of financial prosperity in the East, Figure 1: Change in the Māori Ratio of China's Great Stone
Figure 2: Change in China's Great Stone Assets and Liabilities, Figure 3: Change in China's Single Stones Quarterly Net Assets Return, Figure 4: China's Single Stones Quarterly Operating Income
Source of Eastern financial and intellectual prosperity. Master of Economics, Central University of Finance and Economics. Entered the securities industry in 2008. Years of industrial research experience.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of these information, nor of any change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes. Information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the sale of the securities in question, and any investment made by the investor on that basis.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make easy the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.