According to data released by the China-China Air Association, in 2017 there were nearly 800,000 new energy car sales, amounting to 794,000 and 777,000 vehicles, respectively, representing an increase of 53.8 per cent and 53.3 per cent, respectively, respectively, and the sale of two large quantities of lithium is driving the price to continue.
In 2017, battery-grade lithium carbonate rose by a maximum of 47.54%, and industrial-grade lithium carbonate increased by a high-quality upstream resource, with a firm lead in lithium products. The company held 43.1% of its shareholding in the mt marine lithium mine and successfully acquired 17.5% of the Canadian lithium industry and Australia.
The pilbara 4.84% shareholding of the tantalum mine, with long-term claims, also holds a 100% share in the Jiangxi lithium industry, 80% share in the mariana halogen mine in Argentina, and 55% share in the Irish avalonia lithium quartz mine. In 2017, the company produced the world’s highest production of lithium metal, accounting for 47% of the world’s capacity.
Lithium hydroxide is the world’s third largest producer in China, and as competition in this area increases, companies build up higher barriers to good foundations and advantages in the early years, and the industry’s position will be further consolidated. The entire industrial chain operates, and the advantages of scale recovery are becoming apparent.
/Lithium recovery material-Lithium carbonate/Lithium chloride-Lithium metal-Lithium Buttyl-Lithium battery-grade metal-Lithium-Lithium alloy” is the most complete product chain in the country, the longest product processing chain, the most full-scale professional producer of process technology, and the only company in the country that produces lithium products on a scale using lithium recovery material.
The company’s annual production of 20,000 tons of lithium hydroxide will come into production in the second quarter of this year, and 175,000 tons of the Ningdu-grade lithium carbonate production line will come into operation in the fourth quarter of this year.
In addition, the company has entered into a long-term marketing agreement with the company Pilgangoora tantalum mining project for phase 1 of production, which is expected to take place today.
In the second half of the year, the supply will be 160,000 tons of lithium raw materials per year. In the context of the new energy automobile industry, there will be a steady external supply of sufficient capacity for the company.
Open Source Securities Co. Ltd., located on the 5th floor of Urban Gate B, has the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consulting firm granted by the Chinese Securities Association to produce this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner.
This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I will not receive any form of compensation either directly or intermittently for, or for, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
The company fulfils its disclosure obligations as far as it is aware, using as a criterion the increase or decrease in the benchmark market index for securities over the six months following the reporting date, defined as follows:
(overweight): Industry goes beyond overall market performance; (underweight): industry is weaker than overall market performance.