A quarterly report predicts that the supply of raw materials supports the build-up of productive capacity to release high-performance growth - a quarterly report from the Lithium industry forecast, based on the company's performance forecast for the first quarter of 2018, achieves corporate ownership during the reporting period.
● The upward and downstream integration development of the lithium industry chain, combined with strong demand, leads to high performance growth: benefiting from the upstream growth in demand in the battery materials industry driven by the downstream lithium power cell market, companies are facing significant development opportunities to build up, including upstream lithium resource extraction, deep processing of lithium compounds, metals
Lithium production, lithium battery production, and lithium recycling are part of the whole industry chain layout. At the same time, the stacking of lithium chemical products is required to sustain a strong and sustainable growth of the company’s performance.
Lithium mtmarion, a subsidiary of rim, was successfully launched in February 2017, the first ship arrived in March 2017, and the supply of raw materials for the company was insufficient in the last quarter of the year. At the end of 2017, the supply of raw materials for the company was guaranteed, and the production of lithium products was sold.
In addition, the company also has the right to the sale of 160,000 tonnes/year of lithium quarries in the first round of the pilbara and 75,000 tonnes/year of lithium lithite in the second round, as well as the rights and interests of many high-quality minerals, which form a diversified system of raw materials supply. The existing charter agreements support the company’s current productive capacity and existing expansion plans.
The Division’s cost advantage will improve the competitiveness of companies, improve profitability and strengthen the industry’s leadership. • The increase in capacity in 2018 will provide the basis for performance growth: according to the company’s current plan, the larger increase in capacity will include: (1) 20,000 tons of lithium hydroxide production
Lines, which have been set on fire and are now operational for three quarters of production. (2) One 1.75 million tonnes of carbon are under construction.
• Consider the company's future performance to continue to grow and maintain a “recommended” rating: take into account the company's future performance to continue to grow. We expect the company to be able to produce more than 80,000 tons of lithium salt from 2017 to 2019, respectively.