Material materials, lithium resources diversified, industrial chain layout perfect Lithium resources diversified, guaranteed the release of the company's downstream lithium products.
The company’s lifelines, the company’s active search for upstream resource markets, multiple arrows, the company’s six high-quality lithium resource shares in Australia, Argentina, China, and Ireland, are mainly operated by the third mining company. At present, the company’s lithium quartz concentrate is the second largest in the world.
Total equity/flow (millions) Stone ore mountmarion, with capacity of 400,000 tons and taste of 4 per cent and 6 per cent respectively, total market value/flow (millions)
50% was upgraded to all 6%. Meanwhile, the Pilgangoora project in Western Australia is scheduled to start in the second half of 2018, and the company has signed a long-term reimbursement agreement for phase I production, which is expected to supply 160,000 tonnes/year of lithium raw materials, with additional reimbursement agreements for phase II production.
The lithium industry (002460), the distribution of lithium resources, increased by 75,000 tons of lithium raw materials. The company has also entered into a package agreement with cauchari-olarooz to break the top of the resource bottle -- 2017/08/27.
The company also owns lithium deposits from the Ningdu River.
The sales of lithium chemical products have been growing at a high rate. The company currently produces 23 million tons of lithium carbonate, representing an actual production of 183,000 tons; 8,000 tons of lithium hydroxide, producing 0.69 million tons; and lithium chloride,
The lithium industry (002460), the lithium industry - carbon, lithium metal, and lithium fluorine. The company’s additional 20,000 tons of lithium hydroxide (Lithium carbonate), the price of lithium acid and its performance in the first quarter of the year, has risen dramatically.
By the end of 2018, the production capacity of the company’s lithium chemical products will have reached 80,000 tons, thereby consolidating the company’s leadership.
At the same time, lithium batteries are recycled in layout (the peak cycle, 34,000 tonnes/year). The above project was phased in in 2017-2018. In addition, the company is collaborating on solid-state battery development (the peak of Zhejiang), which is expected to reach public production in the first quarter of 2019.
The Division has completed the layout of processing and batteries (including solid-state batteries) from upstream resources, lithium salt, and other chemical products, with growth determinations. New-energy cars are selling well, and the annual average price of lithium carbonate is expected to rise.
In 2018, as a result of the adjustment window period of the State subsidy policy, downstream demand will enter the season directly and the annual demand will be evenly distributed throughout the year.
Lithium carbonate production is largely at year-end, with less impact on the supply over 18 years. So, investment proposal 2018: New energy cars are a defined growth industry that will continue to grow at a high rate in the coming years, demand for lithium resources will grow at the same time, and companies, as leading companies in lithium resources, will
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.