Performance meets expectations, opening up a new round of capital spending cycle.
The company released its annual 2019 report, which generated $14.19 billion, corresponding to 1.2 per cent, in the reporting period. The company was the leader of the national coal industry and an insider of the chemical industry.
Cost optimization performance is expected to remain stable at a surcharge rate. In 2019, as a model of the expansion of the chemical industry as a whole: the company's downstream product was extensive, presented as “one head in the inventory cycle, and the overall price of crude oil as a whole was weaker than it was in 2018.
Multiline layouts, including urea, polyol, adipic acid, acetic acid, organochlorine, etc.; company prices dropped through a continuous endogenous extension, with fertilizer prices equal to -8 per cent in 2019, organochlorine - 13 per cent, adipic acid and intermediates - 20 per cent,
The chain of operations and the expansion of production achieves steady and sustained growth in performance, acetic acids and derivatives - 33%, polyols - 30%. In a depressed climate, the company has increased its production and sales through the use of ethanol and fertilizer-functional projects, thereby keeping the annual harvest stable and selling fertilizer at the same rate.
The increase in revenue and net profits was about 20 times greater, with annual compound increases + 37%, organamine + 6%, adipic acids and intermediates + 12%, acetic acids and derivatives - 1%, polyol interconnectivity and the optimization of new ethanol devices, which increased the use of raw coal and overall product output.
At the same time, the cost per unit of product, especially ethanol, has been significantly reduced, guaranteeing a relatively stable level of profitability. The new epoxy project, which was introduced in the month, is based on a more advanced cyclohexene process, the raw hydrogen gas self-conforms, the cyclohexone, helium and liquid ammonia components of the ethylamide project, which came into production in November 2021, and the epoxy, helium and liquid ammonia.
Total equity/currenta (millions) unit investments are low and are expected to maintain good cost competitiveness. 100,000 tons of dmf project pre-distributionb/h (millions)
In the third quarter of this year, production began: the corporate epoch showed that plans were under way to build a new single item for amino resin, consisting of two sets of low-pressure melamine devices, each of 60,000 tons + 300,000 tons of ammonium carbonate by-product (12 + 600,000 tons), which would facilitate the conversion of surplus synthetic ammonia into higher value-added products.
Faced with short-term pressures, the price of oil falls and the outbreak of overseas epidemics accelerates the de-storage of the industrial chain. Usually, oil prices are slightly ahead of other industrial products such as chemicals, blacks, colours, while prices are the leading indicator of stocks.
It is time to pay close attention to demand-side overseas epidemics, as well as to supply-side increases. Whether Saudi Arabia will negotiate a resumption of the increase in production at the next Oec conference on June 9.
The source of the financial boom in the East, the source of the financial boom in the East, the source of the boom in the East.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that Warluhingl (600426): Performance meets expectations and starts a new cycle of capital spending.
Four-dimensional cfa, three years of experience in the chemical industry.
Zhang Ming Xian's own research opinion. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.