Xinhua Insurance (601336.sh/1336.hk)
Xinhua Insurance issued three quarterly reports, and Xinhua Insurance collected $123.5 billion in the first three quarters of Xinhua Insurance, with a 6.8% increase in yoy, a net gain of $7.7 billion, and a 52.8% increase in yoy, with substantially better performance than expected. In the context of strong regulation, Xinhua Insurance has increased its sales of health insurance this year and brought about an increase in the value of new business.
In terms of investment, companies have reduced equity allocation, increased deposit allocation, and a stable overall return on investment, better than their counterparts. In view of the fact that New China Insurance continues to operate with its health insurance features and future value growth, it is currently undervalued.
Performances were in line with expectations: Xinhua Insurance received $123.5 billion in the first three quarters, yoy increased by 6.8 per cent, net gains of $7.7 billion, yoy increased by 52.8 per cent and performance was largely in line with expectations.
The channel is the main driver of the increase in premiums: yoy by 12.8%, with 80.4 billion on the record, and silver insurance and conglomerates by a product mix of 100 million. In terms of insurance structure, the renewal premium supports the increase in premiums in the first three quarters, with yoy by 29.4% to 29.4%.
The premium figures published by the Silver Insurance Supervisory Board calculated a 4.3 per cent increase in Xinhua life insurance premiums in the previous August, up from 0.1 pct at the beginning of the year. Investment performance was stable and better than that of peers: at the investment end, although due to equity market pressure
The rate of return on investment falls, with annualized returns on investment falling by 0.4 pct to 4.8% in the previous three quarters, which is not too easy and stable compared to the first half of the year.
Xinhua Insurance is itself focused on long-term, guaranteed products, and its competitive advantages will become more apparent, with future city-to-market rates expected to rise further. Investment advice: Xinhua Insurance is focusing on strengthening its health risk profile, and with new business values in the future.
The company is expected to have an expected remuneration (expected return; er) in 2018 and 2019, as follows:
Figure: Xinhua Insurance policy month and accumulated premium yoy (%) and reduced premium for the new policy (%): Xinhua Insurance Health Insurance coverage is increasing (%)
Figure: Xinhua valuations are now at an all-time low. The report was prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. Investments in Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Credit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. were not set up by ... individual clients. The report could not be copied or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believed that the information used to prepare the report was reliable, but the information in the report was not independently verified.