Xinhua Insurance (601336.sh/1336.hk)
Xinhua Insurance recently held its capital market opening day in Shenzhen, where companies exchanged ideas about the current insurance environment and the way forward. Over the past few years, Xinhua Insurance has been undergoing a transformation: more payout, less payout, more insurance, less silver insurance, and a marked change in the structure of premiums and channels.
We believe that the transformation of Xinhua Insurance over the past few years has laid a good foundation for better future development, and that it is currently undervalued (currently 0.65 times as much as 19 years of pev), high security margins, and transitions.
This has led to an increase in the value of new businesses. It has benefited from such factors as rising incomes, increased insurance awareness, the rapidisation of insurance products, and the prospect of a further increase in the concentration of the premium market in the context of the 134th document, to give a “buy-in” view of the current insurance market with Xinhua: health insurance is the mainstream of future industry development.
China’s life insurance policy, though fast-growing, is dominated by property management, which is large in size and quantity. But the safeguards component is relatively low compared to the developed markets.
Growing numbers and wealth, and increasing demand for old age and health. As insurance knowledge spreads and increases, there is a clear recognition of what the population's life insurance product is dealing with.
There is a growing awareness of insurance. Policy (e.g. ten national policies, tax premium health insurance, insurance) will be strongly supported in the future. Xinhua Insurance believes that health insurance, born in this context, will be the main product of future industry development.
This year, in particular, health insurance continues to grow in double digits, reflecting a very high demand for health insurance, against the backdrop of the first year of negative increases in insurance premiums in the industry (mainly annuity-trading institutional investors as a share of the liquidity a).
On the subject of open-door risk: maintain the focus on guaranteed products. On the subject of open-door risk: for a risk channel, health risk is the main growth point, with additional insurance as an important growth point, the annuity risk is supplemented by an annuity risk. The new product is sold as an open-door cerebral-vascular supplement. For silver insurance, it is concentrated.
For medium- and long-term annuity insurance, the sale of health insurance after 1q2019 has increased. Products for delivery, medium- and long-term.
As of last year, a three-year two-year training course (nuclear insurance, compensation) will be held for 110 persons, specialized and systematic, in cooperation with the shareholders in Swiss reinsurance (shareholders).
More than a year ago, sales workers accounted for 52%, a significant increase from around 20% in 2015. The future focus of the Xinhua Insurance Scheme is on: a guaranteed product strategy, and financial inactivity.
The mainstream of Xinhua life; 2, with a booster. (This year's extra risk has taken on a surge effect, last year it was 800 million, this year it could reach 3 billion, and next year it is expected to reach 6 billion.) This year, 70% of the new list has new additional insurance, with more than two additional pieces.
Cost-effective, professional, client-paying rates to promote the marketing of major risks, the construction of slogans, and public awareness of insurance. This strategy is now very successful.
In the area of investment, control of credit risk, enhancement of asset liability management, early study and layout of the implementation of new accounting standards, and enhancement of its risk management capacity, the expected remuneration (expected return; er) is as follows:
Figure: Xinhua Insurance coverage ratio (total premium caliber, %) This report was prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., Investments in Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and Investment Services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. This report cannot be copied or reissued or printed for any purpose in whole or in part of the report.