The capital structure has been actively adjusted, and the asset quality service has improved access to the luminous bank: the group platform has been synergized and capital supplements have been found.
At the end of 17 years, companies raised about $27.4 billion in targeted shares to the Big Light Group, the City of Congregation, raising the capital adequacy rate at the core level by about 1 percentage point.
At the end of the asset: while the overall asset growth rate has slowed, the loans benefiting from the high demand for financing have remained high, while deposits have remained steadily growing, with the active reduction of the peer liability. In 17 years of rising interest rates in the corporate market, the pan-occupational liabilities have fallen by 8.4 per cent, 11.9 per cent, 1.2 per cent, respectively.
The recent regulatory efforts to curb the expansion of corporate debt will eventually lead to a sharper bank yield curve, which will ease the margins in 18 years. The non-specific adjustments under strong regulation will not prevent the growth of total assets, capital replenishment is in place, asset quality is slow: asset quality improves access, and pressure relief is provided.
The company’s negative credit rating is close to a reasonable standard, and the stock pressure is expected to decrease in 18 years. The asset quality indicators are in the way of improvement: poor production is below the industry average; the rate of late lending has been declining steadily since 15 years.
In 17 years, big banks have made significant adjustments to the asset-liability structure, with marginal improvements greater than those of their counterparts. The asset-quality indicators have been at a turning point for 15 years, and the stock deficit is now largely digested and in the path of improving asset quality.
The economy’s over-expected downs have led to a significant deterioration in asset quality: short-end interest rates rise: loan interest rates rise less than expected.
Financial Regulation Interpretation Series III: New Private Fund North-North, North-North and North-West Industry, I. Big Bank: The Group Platform is synergistic and capital replenishment is on the ground
The Great Light Bank was founded in 1992 with the initiative of the Great Light Group, which established full equity holdings. In 1997, 131 shareholders, including the Great Light Group General Corporation, transformed the Great Light Bank into a joint-stock bank. In 1999, the Great Light Bank acquired the collapsing dollar in the renminbi.
On 8 December 2014, the Great Light Group was transformed from a State-owned sole-owned enterprise into a joint-stock company and renamed China Light Da Group, which held 9 billion shares of the Great Light Bank shares in the concession company. After the concession, the direct and inter-owned shares of the Great Light Group rose from 4.41 per cent to 26.19 per cent, making it the largest shareholder in the Great Light Bank; the direct share of the Gold Company was held by the large money transfer company.
The direct and indirect voting rights of big groups and the direct voting rights of money companies together accounted for 49.96 per cent of total voting rights.
On 7 July 2014, the State Council officially approved the implementation programme for the restructuring and restructuring of the Great Light Group, which is owned by the State.