Copper mausoleum colour (000630) Material material  under-expected performance for a quarter of  copper mausoleum colour tracking point
The company issued its first quarterly report for 2019, which achieved business income of $23,176 million in one quarter, an increase of 30.75 per cent over the same period; and a net return of $280 million, an increase of 39.38 per cent over the same period.1 The excess performance of the first quarter was attributable to the growth in production and sales: the company ' s first quarter of 2019
The total income and profit have reached the best level in the history period, and the performance has been somewhat over-expected. If the ring compares, the income is almost equal, while the net return margin increases by almost five times. The performance exceeds the dollar/tonne ratio by 5.2% and the ring falls by 13%.
The decline of 8.07 per cent and the decline of 1.9 per cent in ring comparison results in an increase in production and a trade in prices as a result of the completion of new projects such as the Sand Creek copper mine, the Orchestra, and the copper pick-up.2 The Māori rate is the same as the decline, but the cost of sales and administration has improved: despite a single quarter of gross production,
Total equity/flow (million shares) 1.02% reduction in costs of 0.15 pcts and 0.24 pcts, respectively.
The higher profits have also contributed significantly to the company’s performance, which is supported by 3 copper mausoleums, a rebound in copper demand: according to the latest data on icsg, global refining in January 2019.
Colour Tracking Point Review - 2018/07/13 The copper market still suffers from a shortfall of 8,000 tons, representing an excess supply of 11,000 tons in December 2018.
They expect the copper supply to be relatively stable, and the marginal changes at the demand end are the main logic affecting prices. Annual profits or significant increases – the recovery of data on the completion of Chinese property in the copper fields, and the possible shift of the manufacturing sector as a whole to replenish stocks in the second half of the year.
The 2017 Annual Review - 2018/04/13 - will support good demand for copper. While smelting costs are likely to be weak, high-end copper processing capacity is being invested or will result in a relatively stable Māori rate, and company performance will continue to be positive.
Increased sales are expected to fall off prices, a quarter is expected to outperform the copper mausoleum colour tracking points, a quarter is expected to outperform the prices, and a quarter is expected to outperform the copper mausoleum colour tracking points.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.