The smelting business has grown steadily, with high-end copper production capacity, a quarterly review of the coloured bronze mausoleum (000630) and a first-quarter report of 2019 issued on the evening of April 29th.
23,177 million yuan, an increase of 30.75 per cent over the same period; net profit on return to mothers of $280 million, an increase of 39.38 per cent over the same period. Prices fall to the level of Māori rates, stripping non-mobile assets to lightweight, and corporate sales increased steadily during the reporting period.
Decrease by 0.55 percentage points. Three fees and R & D costs as a whole increased by 12.25 per cent on the same year, mainly as a result of rising R & D fees and financial costs, and the controllability of the overall cost. Companies disposed of non-liquid assets during the reporting period, with a significant reduction in the pressure on impairment of assets for the current period, or 82.36 per cent on the same year; and a decrease in hedge profits, other
The smelting business has grown steadily, or has benefited from the recovery of copper prices. \triangleright’s resources and smelting operations are expected to continue to grow.
The copper industry’s warming and high profits from sulphuric acid are expected to lead to steady growth in corporate performance. High-end copper production continues to grow, opening up room for growth in performance.
The company currently has 40,000 tons of copper production capacity, including 225,000 tons of standard copper, 175,000 tons of lithium electric copper, research assistant: Xuesiaoyang, including the copper mausoleum crowned ultra thin electronic brass project, with an additional 10,000 tons of production capacity already invested
At the same time, the company plans to begin construction of the 15,000-ton high-precision special electronic copper stubble, phase II, phase 11. The demand for high-end copper stubs is expected to rise as the energy density requirement for lithium cells rises, and the company is expected to benefit from the release of production capacity from copper stubs, opening up space for growing corporate performance.
Given the steady growth in corporate smelting operations, the gradual release of high-end copper production, and the prospect of an improved supply and demand structure in the copper sector, as well as the marginality of the price of sulphuric acid or maintenance of the landscape, future corporate performance is expected to open up the growth space, and companies are expected to “recommend” a rating of 21 per cent of the low fractions since 2016, taking into account the coloured pb in copper.
Metal prices are falling faster than expected, projects are under construction and production are falling less than expected, downstream demand is falling less than expected.
Xue Shayang, Bachelor of Actuarials and Master of Financial Mathematics at the University of Monash, Australia, is engaged in non-ferrous metal industry and corporate research. The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment consulting profession granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.