The reason for the report is that the annual report reviews the traditional and emerging parallels and that the competitive advantage is expected to continue to grow.
27 March 2020 Company ' s annual report for 2019 was published, and in 2019 the company achieved operating income of approximately $17,4361 million, an increase of 9.48 per cent over the same period, a net profit to the mother of approximately $9,105 million, an increase of 5.17 per cent over the same period, and a revenue per share.
In 2019, the company continued to focus on three core competitivenesss: quality, technology, cost, optimizing the product structure, sustained growth in the company ' s performance, during which the company achieved an increase of 9.48 per cent in business income and 5.17 per cent in net profit return. Moreover, in 2019,
The company ' s Māori ratio is 21.80 per cent, compared to 2018-0.54 ptt, with a net interest rate of 6.83 per cent, compared to 2018-0.47 ptt, with multi-occupational co-developments such as total power generation, whole-car acquisition, smart logistics, and continued to deepen product layout, maintaining a leading role in the market segment of multiple parts such as power engines, heavy transformers, heavy bridges, etc.
Market value of a share in circulation (billions): Advantages. On the other hand, companies have continued to expand their competition in the area of heavy commercial vehicles, not only by introducing the X/m/l3,000 platform standard offloading products, but also by switching the key nodes of our emission standards.
Multi-bit layout-related products, completion of six-car design in over 20 countries, and first-time public-car company, heavy-duty vehicles, have maintained a leading position in such markets as natural gas, port pull, and heavy-load transport. Deep-ploughing in emerging strategic areas has continued to expand competitive advantages.
Directions, active deployment of smart logistics operations, deep integration of automated, digital operations, building of integrated solutions for internal logistics stations, expanding corporate competitive advantages in the area of smart logistics, corporate smart logistics products generated operating revenues of $6,705 billion in 2019, an increase of 11.10 per cent over the previous year's year, and Māori rates.
25.35%. On the other hand, the company has actively deployed new energy operations, both in the field of hydrogen fuel cell cars and in the field of electric cars, and has completed the development of multi-hydrogen fuel cell engine products, holding on to the core technology of electrical controllers, introducing a series of new two-blocked motors, electrical controllers, etc.
Products, with the integration advantage of a new energy power system that combines “cells + motors + electrical controls.” As competition for related products continues to increase, companies are expected to expand their performance margins further, increasing profit margins and increasing their lead edges.
On the one hand, the company relies on the original layout of its operations, with ITC at 69 West Street, Taiwon City, on the 28th floor, to speed up technological upgrading and to penetrate its products and operations to the higher end. On the other hand, the company responded positively to the market, breaking through.
Central Sea State, 28 Sinrich Street, in Beijing City West Side, with a series of key technologies, Motorland Six and the non-road four-phase product, two smart drivers, 7th floor of the intercentre.
One of the first steps was to complete the validation of the Smart Driving Stage 1-2 driveway maintenance support system, and the third was to hold the shares of the company, Shanxi Securities Co. Ltd.