Second-time equipment, grid-infomization twin-heads, re-investment in the grid for the benefit - first-time coverage of the company, the power grid automation flagship, was recommenced through multiple rounds of investment, and the company grew rapidly, 19 years ago.
South Swe Group Ltd. has experienced a significant recovery in hyperpressure, and secondary equipment and flow valve revenues are expected to grow: the National Electricity Network announced in April that 20 years of investment in ultra-high pressure projects would reach $181.1 billion and confirmed that it would be worth more than $18.1 billion.
During the course of the year, a “3-to-1-way” project will be completed for the next year. In addition, the company’s super-high-pressure secondary equipment product covers a full range of protected and controlled types of equipment, and its market share is stable at 40-50%.
The market share of the flow valves, which are also around 40%, and the market value of the circulation a share of the 1gbt, developed by the company, is at the world's leading level, breaking the international monopoly. The company swaps over 5 billion dollars in hand orders.
Energy Internet-building cores, information and communication business is gaining momentum: the 2020 National Network “New Capital” working group meeting identified companies as energy Internet enterprises.
The country’s electricity grid is currently investing less than $20 billion a year, but, with policy incentives, it is expected to invest up to $50 billion in the coming year. Companies always maintain around 50% of the market share in national grid information tenders.
As a core energy-Internet-building enterprise, the company’s communications business will benefit fully. The grid automation industry is leading, full-scale: the company has been working for years on grid automation, covering all parts of the electricity system.
With regard to electricity, the company has put in place more than 1,000 smart transformers; with regard to electricity, the quality of the company's charger equipment is excellent, the market rate is stable, the national grid is charging this year, the investment in pillar construction is 10 times higher than last year, and the company's business is expected to grow higher; and with regard to electricity distribution,
Of the country’s three batches of 30 power distribution automation pilots, the company has 18 projects, and Zhou Chunlin’s grid automation operations are in the forefront of the industry, both in terms of scope and depth.
The company's dual leader in secondary equipment and grid-connected information business, giving it the next six months risk factors: less than expected investment in the grid; less advanced policies; increased competition in the market.
The company ' s extensive operations, which have evolved over decades, have resulted in grid automation and industrial control, relay protection and flexible transmissions, automated information communications, power generation and hydro-environmental protection, all of which are in the hands of the industry in a wide range of high-voltage flow valves, flexible direct transmissions, sub-station equipment, grid automation and information-based construction.
The preponderance is the “mother-class” enterprise in the electricity automation industry.
We believe, however, that despite the contraction in total investment, there has been a certain increase in investment in the country’s electricity grids, such as ultra-high voltage, grid information, charge-posting, grid intelligence, etc., and that the firm’s industry is well aligned with the depth of these sunny industries, so that the company’s future profit growth has a higher security margin.
Investment in the electricity grid was higher than expected; the high-voltage engineering landscape was higher; the grid informationization was on the ground on a large scale; investment in the grid was less than expected; policy was less advanced than expected; and competition in the market increased.1 The energy Internet led enterprises have a high level of business coverage
1.1 The history of the “carrier” in the electricity industry is deep, with the establishment in 2001 of the State Teen Swe Technology Company Ltd., and its landing in 2003 as the first listed company in the national electricity grid department system, with multi-wheel injection and consolidation of assets, the Nan Swe Group put in 11 electric power units in 2017
Operating subsidiaries are injected into the country’s central business assets, which are initially listed as a whole. The country currently has more than 40 product lines, products and services covering all parts of the country and more than 100 countries and territories, and is an absolute leader in the fields of energy power, industrial control and electricity intelligence.
Chart 1: The company's history — acquisition of 100 per cent of Preyt high-pressure and design company, Jiangning Base and Puguchi real estate land from the National Network Institute of Electricity Sciences; acquisition of 100 per cent of ITC, Pry Engineering, Pry Science and Technology, Nanxi Beijing, Shanghai and its operating assets and liabilities from the South Swe Group;
• 90 per cent of Indonesian companies, 99 per cent of Brazilian companies, 65 per cent of Yunnan companies, 60 per cent of Sino-Sino data, 79.24 per cent of Yuzhmorgeologiya companies;
• Co-investment in the creation of the National Network Ricah Smart Robotics Ltd., a company with extensive operations and decades of development, which has now formed four major operational units: grid automation and industrial control, relay protection and flexible transmission, power automation information communications, power generation and hydro-environmental protection, which are now in the public domain.
The Department has a research institute, four departments, 14 branches, and 46 subsidiaries.
Programme, covering new energy generation such as wind power and photovoltaics; super-high-voltage, high-voltage to medium- and low-voltage power stations and network and distributed power access: super-large direct flow integrated transmission grids: collection monitoring of mini-distribution grids, movement control, relay protection of secondary power technologies, products and services of the full range of power generation, with companies equipped to fully support smart grid construction
As an important company in the national grid system, the South Swe Group has undertaken a large number of major constructions in the country, especially in the area of super-high-pressure engineering, and has been fully involved in such areas as screens-Sunan, Huanan-Nanjing-Shanghai, Syon-Thai, Zarut-Qing, etc.
Construction of high-voltage works: in connection with transmission of electricity, participation in major national projects, such as the Three Gorges Project, the South Water Northmen, the Kawasaki Network, etc., and undertaking flexible direct transmission of electricity at the end of the canoe, a flexible direct transmission of electricity at the Xia Gate, a demonstration project for the development of an urban smart grid model for energy change in Suzhou, and a large-scale power grid friendly interaction system for the Jiangsu grid
Projects: The company ' s ashore power system is widely used in the river basins of Jiangsu, Zhejiang, Hubei Yangjiang and Kyung-Hun: with regard to the self-motivation of the grid, the company has put in place more than 1,000 pilot pilot projects such as smart transformer power stations, electrical distribution automation, photovoltaic power stations, etc.; in addition, the company has actively expanded its market influence by participating in the construction of the first all-intelligent transformer power station in the country
The networking demonstration project also took on the construction of inter-city electric vehicles, such as Kyoto, Kyoto, and Australasia: the construction of more than 30 urban orbital transport automation systems in Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou, and Nanjing. The company has expanded its international markets, and overseas operations have flourished. As of 2019, more than 20 products have been produced in Nanxi.
Exports to 113 countries and territories and localized production of controlled products in Brazil and India. 1.2 Equity has a clear structure and a high concentration of equity
Indirectly, the Group held 51.78 per cent of equity, with a combined total of 57.23 per cent, with a concentrated and stable equity structure. After many years of restructuring, financing, expanding operations and increasing levels of profitability. At the same time, the rapid development of domestic power grid operations, steady growth in the scale of investment, and the ability of companies to make orders and products profitable.
The company’s hand-orders in 2019 amounted to $39.832 billion, an increase of 20.33% over the previous year, and the year-on-year growth in the number of orders reflects the rapid expansion of the company’s business. The company’s profitability has steadily increased, with revenue and net profits consistently rising over the past five years.
Industry revenues of $32,424 million, an increase of 13.61% in the same year; net profits of $4,660 million, an increase of 4.72% in the same year; yuan, a share of 15.42%; electricity generation and hydro-friendly camps, the smallest share, a mere 5.37%. Companies depend mainly on investments in the national grid, and the volume of orders is higher than the amount invested in the grid.
The Division has experienced a significant decline in new orders over the past 16 years, but overall, the trend in the value of new orders from companies has been more consistent with the level of investment in the grid. As the level of investment in the national grid has steadily increased in recent years, so has the company’s business.
Interest rates are over 25%; they exceed 28% in six years. By branch, the company’s core product protection equipment has a more stable and healthy cash flow. In 2019, the net operating cash flow of the company was $4.684 billion, a year high. The company had more asset restructuring operations in the last three years, resulting in a higher net outflow of investment cash, of which 2018 was -
The company attaches great importance to R & D, and has developed a two-tier coordinated R & D system that is complemented by a concentration of technology research and product research at the Nanxi Institute. The company is committed to maintaining high levels of R & D spending, but its share of operating income has remained stable at around 6%, controlling high levels and quality of R & D.
The share of R & D inputs in 2019 amounted to $1,768 million in corporate R & D expenditure, representing 5.45 per cent of operating income.2 In the beneficiary super-pressure cycle, the exchange of valves and protective equipment is expected to grow at a high rate of 2.1 over-expected investment and the industry climate rises.
In the last decade, our super-high-pressure industry has developed rapidly. Since the first super-high-pressure straight project was launched in 2010 to the dam-Shanghai 800kv transmission project, we have built the world's largest ultra-high-pressure engineering network. By the end of 2019, we had completed a total of 24 “fifteen straight” ultra-high-pressure engineering projects.
In the course of the development of ultra-high pressure, our electricity and equipment companies, under the leadership of the national electricity grid, have been constantly engaged in research and development and have been using technology for many years to nationalize most of the super-high-pressure equipment, while at the same time they have emerged as a group of excellent power and equipment manufacturers, which have grown rapidly with the flourishing of the super-pressure industry in the country.
This month, the world’s most high-voltage, highest-transmission capacity, most distant transmissions, and the official launch of the 1100 kv T-high-voltage direct-flow project in the east-southland also announced that our ultra-high-pressure technology was in the world’s lead in 2017, and that the amount of investment and the speed of construction had fallen considerably.
The Bureau of Sources issued a circular on accelerating the roll-out of a number of priority transmission projects, announcing the reopening of super-high-voltage construction, but the actual construction in 18 and 19 years is still not as fast as expected. In the first quarter of 2020, the national grid announced twice a steady increase in investment in power grids as a result of the continued impact of the epidemic, both within and outside the country.
According to the latest news from the national network, investment in ultra-high-pressure construction projects in 2020 will reach $181.1 billion, which will generate investment in social investment of about $36 billion, or nearly $541.1 billion in total. In March, the national electricity grid launched the pre-work plan for the ultra-high-pressure and trans-provincial 500 kilovolts and more.
On April 2, the Director of the National Network, Mao Wei-min, stressed that it was important to ensure that the “3-to-1” project would be completed during the year, and that it would be completed next year. With the policy move, the super-high pressure would usher in a new construction cycle, while the national electricity would serve as a super-high pressure.
The performance of the key players in the project is expected to grow at a high rate.
Fluorescent valves are the core equipment of a high-voltage straight-flow system whose primary function is to convert communication to direct flow or reverse transformation. With direct-flow transmission, there must be a direct-flow conversion, i.e., at the end of the transmission, to direct current (surge) and then at the end, to direct current to exchange (reverse) and the device to effect the retrenchment and reverse transformation is referred to as a retrenchment.
In particular, in the field of flexible direct transmissions, the public sector’s igbt switch valves have reached international leadership, breaking the monopoly of foreign companies. Companies have successfully developed the world.
The first taxi 500kv/3,000mwigbt switch valves, with a transport capacity that is more direct than the normal shoulder flow. The company switch valves use advanced, multi-ply technology that meets the engineering needs of different voltage levels and capacity, with a tight product structure and small land area; based on global multi-target optimization techniques, low wear and tear, high failure capacity and high safety margins; and submodules use modules.
With excellent product quality, the company has an absolute majority of flexible transmission projects, providing 100 mw switch valves at the South Australian Bull Station and three-end switch valves at the canyon (100mw/)
300mw/400mw), the company took 50% of the switch valve order in the first ultra-high pressure project, Zhang Yui. According to the National Network tender, in 2019, the number of super-high pressure transfer valves reached the total number of super-high-pressure conversion valves.
In the next two years, companies are expected to earn close to $5 billion in recognized income from the shifting valves business. 2.3 times the front line of the equipment, with the exclusive head of the protective equipment, is the head of the electrical secondary equipment, with the absolute advantage of both the protective and the controlled equipment.
In the area of electrical protection, the company has formed a whole series of electrical protection products, from line protection to primary equipment protection, from medium to low pressure to ultra-high pressure, which is a leading enterprise in the country’s high-voltage grid relay protection technology. The company’s leading position in secondary equipment is further highlighted in high-end super-pressure markets.
The market share of all types of equipment remains fairly stable, with the market share remaining close to 40-50%. In particular, with regard to transformers, electrical resisters, circuit breakers and parent-line protective equipment, the company ' s share of the market was around 50% in 2019, and the firm ' s share of the market was still more than 50% in respect of transmission station monitoring, with a clear market advantage.
In contrast to the Quartet, the country's share in the tender projects is generally more stable.3 The grid is fully info-enabled, and the information business in the context of the “new infrastructure” has opened up.
At the beginning of 2019, in response to the energy revolution and the convergence of the digital revolution, the national grid set out the strategic objectives of the “third two-line, world-class” in which the “third-type” refers to hub, platform, shared enterprises, with clear directions around industrial identity, network attributes and social attributes; and the “two-grid” refers to strong smart grids and general power grids.
On 24 April 2020, the National Power Network convened the second meeting of the “New Capital” working group, which proposed to make every effort to promote new digital infrastructure, provide strong support for the development of an international leading energy Internet enterprise with Chinese characteristics, set a strategic direction for companies to build energy Internet enterprises, and begin the process of information conversion of the grid.
Figure 30: National grid intelligence targets New national grid energy big data innovation platform Establishment of a business system that covers the wealth of whole-of-the-industry chains in the “source network storage”
Full support, energy flow, business flow, data stream multi-fluorescent side load diagnosis
In terms of applied technology, the key technologies of the energy Internet can be divided into four levels: the sensory layer, the network layer, the platform layer, and the application layer, which mainly solves the problem of data collection, the network layer solves the problem of data transmission, the platform layer solves the problem of data management, and the application layer solves the problem of data value creation.
At all levels, in terms of the perception layer, the information-gathering system is widely used by electricity grid companies across the country; at the network level, companies provide integrated solutions to the problem of corporate data silos and achieve data needs at different levels of the network environment; and at the platform level, the company ' s Sweun platform series has significantly reduced the grid.
The cost of large-scale data storage and management of transport costs. 3.1 Policies have led to a surge in investment in grid information, which has been at a low level in recent years.