19-year harvest + 13.6 per cent and return net profit + 4.4 per cent, o4 growth speeds up in line with the prognosis.
Period. The company released its annual report for 2019, which achieved business income of $32,424 million during the reporting period, corresponding to the annual target of $35.7 billion (+10 per cent), $25.4 billion (+10 per cent), $4.5 billion (+8.5 per cent) for the period, 20q1 income per year + 3.3 per cent, profit per year - 1 per cent, which was better than expected.
38.74 billion, or +3.27 per cent of the year; and 76 million, or -1.03 per cent, of the net profit from the return. O1 disease affected lower downstream start-ups and affected delivery, but the company had a strong hand order at the end of 19 years, compared to +0.3 pt; 20 years of electricity network investment was expected to rise on the same scale, with operations such as dispatching, powering, distribution, etc.
At the corporate level, on the one hand, the overall scale of the investment in the grid has increased, and, on the other hand, the South Swe automated breakdown of the grid will lead to a booming cycle: 1) a new generation of dispatch systems will begin to be selected.
Desi, Nanxi continues to dominate; 2) the new generation of smart meters begins to evolve, with a full price increase; 3) the national grid recharge post planning is over-expected; 4) the network is focused on deployment, and this year's atmosphere is up; 5) the medium-high voltage-to-power atmosphere is improving.
The National Network and the Political Bureau have repeatedly emphasized the deployment of high-pressure approvals for start-up, and the timetable for this year's construction is down by two-to-fives, while three more direct streames are expected to go to pre-research, adding to the direct stream project.
The current top-line, soft-line projects have accumulated nearly $8 billion, with 20-22 years as the peak of performance recognition. This is accompanied by robust business growth.
It's clear that this year's q1 q1 order is still strong, and Nanxia is strong and is expected to continue with the boom. The central support of electricity, ready-to-the-scene cycle, the strategic direction of the network, defined, continues to be high from the beginning of the year. For 19 years, Nanxi has continued to serve as a national network.
An important support unit for electricity networking, deep involvement in industry standard-setting and programme design, 2, State Electrics (6004066), with billions of grid edge agents, multistations, joint agents, etc., for networking technology products.
It is hoped that the rapid expansion of the beneficiary sector will continue, with a 30-to-40-cent share of the priority project portfolio promoted by a joint venture, a highly effective network-efficient equipment finance lease model and a large number of orders still in hand; new business continues to grow.
Review: Slow growth, improvement in the Māori rate, push, high-profile overseas markets, expected revenue contribution this year, off-grid operations in Nanxi, off-shore operations are starting to land.
In 19 years, the returns were equal to +13.6 per cent, and the returns were equal to +4.4 per cent, q4 grew faster than expected. The company published its annual report for 2019, which achieved business income of $32,424 million, an increase of 13.61 per cent over the reporting period; a total profit of $5,280 million, an increase of 5.23 per cent over the same period; and a net profit of $4,343 million for the parent company, an increase of 4.35 per cent over the same period.
In mid-2019q4, operating income was increased by 15,244 million yuan, or 33.95 per cent, and the ring increased by 144,08 per cent; the net profit attributable to the parent company was 2,197 million yuan, or 18.99 per cent, and the ring increased by 132.43 per cent. In 2019, the Maori rate was 28,79 per cent, or 0.05 pct, or 28.64 per cent, or 1.66 pc, or 2.73 pc, respectively.
20q1 income + 3.3%, profit + - 1% is better than expected. 20q1 yields $3.874 billion, with high hand orders at the end of the year, and 20o1 is better than expected. 20 years of grid investment is expected to increase year after year, and operations like dispatching, powering, distribution, etc. are expected to hit the climate cycle.
Investment in the grid fell under internal and external pressure in 19 and is expected to grow in 20 years, compared to the same year. In 2019, under pressure such as the industry’s falling prices, the net profits of the country’s grid went down, investment in the grid went down at the same rate, and investment in the grid went down throughout 19 years, with $4.856 billion, or 9.6 per cent, in construction and $447.3 billion, or 8.5 per cent, in the national grid.
In the context of the epidemic, however, investment in the grid is expected to be the main force driving capital investment, adding to the momentum of the new Chief Executive and the 13th Five-Year Review, and the expected increase in investment in the grid, following a news release by a national web spokesman who said that the country's investment plan would be increased to $450 billion this year.
In 19 years, there was a steady increase in demand for equipment, on the one hand, and internal R&D, on the other hand, and sales, on the other. Despite the overall decline in the scale of investment in the grid, there has been a structural increase in investment in grid intelligence, from which there has been a structural increase.
There is a clear trend towards a second growth than one. From within the company, R & D is driving the consolidation of the second leader, while enhancing marketing services, promoting “customer-centred” effective landings, and the continuous double-digit growth of new orders on the plate, contracting multiple sets of precision cut-off loads, dispatching automatics, etc.
A 20-year break-down of the business climate cycle. On the one hand, the overall scale of the investment in the grid has increased, and on the other hand, the break-down of the South Swe grid will lead to a boom cycle: 1) a new generation of dispatch systems.
Edie, Nanse continues to dominate: 2) The new generation of smart meters begins to evolve, with full price rises: 3) the grid is over-expected, (4) the grid is focused on deployment, and this year the atmosphere is up; 5) the medium-high voltage transformer automatically improves the temperature.
In January and September 2019, the company continued to score a high share of Qinghai-Hnan north-Wuhan, Yamid-Gang-Sitt high-pressure flow valves, control protection, cameras, etc.
But 19 years of hyperpressurized construction has been slow, and the increase in ultra-high pressure in revenue has yet to be reflected. Monthly reboot, planning for 5-7 to 12 lines, approval of 6 by the end of 19 years, 20 years of national networks, political bureaus, etc.
Emphasis was placed on the deployment of high-pressure approvals for start-up, with the construction schedule of this year's 2-to-five turnout having been down, with three more direct streaming pre-researched, increasing the continuity of the current flow project. The current top-line, soft-line project, which had generated $5 billion in 19 years, 30% more than in the same year, had a robust Māori ratio; and the electricity network was clearly oriented, this year.
q1 orders are still strong, and Swe is strong, and is expected to continue its high profile. Twenty years of the National Network's slogan “Building an international leading energy Internet enterprise with Chinese characteristics” focused on the deployment of electricity grid construction in the 2020 work plan, and the strategic direction for electricity grids has been defined to maintain the high profile since the beginning of the year. In 19 years, Swe continued to act as a national grid power provider.
An important support unit for building the power network, deep involvement in industry standard-setting and programme design, research and development of grid edge agents, network-based energy-saving equipment finance lease models that work well, and still have a large number of hand orders. The business model for network-based energy-saving equipment finance lease was first created in Nan Swe, with an increase of 9.32 billion dollars in 19 years, or 5% in 19 years.
The initial book value was $1.48 billion, with an additional 3.37 billion and $2.60 billion for the reporting period, which marked the end of the reporting period, with $2.240 billion, representing the completion of the delivery of leased equipment, the start-up of rental income, the inclusion of rental income in the “Integration and other” business block, and higher gross interest rates, which contributed significantly to the current period.
Increased by 4.9 pct to 39%. Lease projects are still in hand, and the profits of this business continue to grow significantly over the long term. New businesses are moving forward, overseas markets are making quick reports and are expected to make a contribution this year. Outside Swe, offshore operations, 19 years, Nanse and U.S.I.U.S. are jointly financed, imported igbt technology, accelerated the process of igbt industrialization, and U.S.A.
Some crystal circle and gbt modules are already in place. Nan Ri invests in the gbt encapsulation test line. The production line construction and the 3300vigbt chip modular engineering application will continue in 2020.
Robotic operations, with an estimated potential market space of more than 5 billion, will also be a long-term growth point for companies. -For 19 years, the international market has been steadily advancing, with major projects such as Greek statcom, Bengali gas and gas transmissions scada, Essermobilization, Chilean safeguards, etc., contracted through 53 international certification tests.
The Greek project and the Saudi project are expected to produce performance in 20 years, with strong cash flows and a small recovery in q1 advance receipts. In 2019, net cash flows from business activities increased by $4,684 million.
The net cash flow from 20q1 operations, which increased by 46.01 per cent over the same period, weakened by 67 million yuan; sales of commodities received current receivables of 17.21 billion yuan, a slight decrease from the beginning of the period. The stock balance at the end of the period was $6,264 million, a small increase from the beginning.