tclTechnology (000100) shows panel cycle up, photovoltage is still warm. 09/07/2024
tcl Science: The semiconductor, one of the two leaders in the panel industry, shows a high profit point: 23 and 100 million yuan, an increase of 4.7 per cent in the same year, with 2401 companies earning 39.950 billion yuan in the same year, an increase of 1.2 per cent in the same year, and 24q1 net profit to the mother of 240 million yuan, a significant increase of 143.7 per cent in the same year.
Dollars, equivalent to a loss of $7.618 billion, of which 23h2 earned a profit of $3.441 billion; the paneling industry warmed up throughout the year, and the voice of the mainland continued to rise: according to witsview, when the front plate price was already at the bottom of the cycle, as domestic manufacturers took the initiative to reduce crop rate control
The share of mainland producers is further enhanced by the closing of the Sharp 10-D line, the lig-Change 8.5-Change line, which seeks to sell. By panel size, 23 years based on Omdia data.
The continental panel capacity (by panel area) reached 67.8 per cent of global capacity, an increase of 2.3 pct over the same period, and is expected to reach 69.4 per cent of global capacity by 24 years, followed by an increase of 1.7 pct over the same year.
tcl Improved cash flow creates high-profit growth: with accelerated industrial integration, demand-driven production, and downstream demand recovery combined, the paneling industry’s competitive patterns have stabilized and the profitability of top firms has continued to rise.
The long-term value of the top firms in the panel industry is beginning to show. While the cash flow of the company's investment activity is gradually improving, operating cash flows have improved significantly since 22, as the panel industry recovers.
In July 2020, the company successfully removed its middle-ring blending project, whose main products include new energy sources, silicon silicon, and tcl.
PV cells and components, other silicon materials and high-efficiency photovoltaic power station projects are being developed and operated.
1.38/124.1.09 times the growth potential through institutional reform, optimization of the capital structure, and activation of the organization, respectively, firms leading semiconductor displays, 1.tcl technology: one of the two leading players in the panel industry, where the point of profit has come
The firm's history is deep, with successive strategic layouts laying out competitive advantages The semiconductor shows global leadership and strategic layouts highlighting competitive advantages. tcl was created in 1981 and placed on the deep-seated board in January 2004, and tcl has been a business-as-usual player for 38 years and has been prominent in continuous change and innovation.
At the end of 2018, the tcl group initiated a restructuring centred on specialization, with a transformation into a technology and innovation industry group focusing on semiconductors, showing and materials operations, and developing industrial finance and investment operations with industry-led incentives. The tcl group is an important driver of product technology innovation, upgrading technological and industrial capabilities, and maintaining efficiency better than industry.
Benefits indicators. tcl-Star is the lead in the global semiconductor display industry, with two 8.5-detailed production lines, two 11-generation super-large commercial display lines, one 6-generation ltps panel production line and one amoled production line, with television panel markets ranked first globally as at 5500 hours on May 2424, and the ltps mobile panel market ranked first.
In 2004, tcl technology acquired the French Tomson Colours and Alcatel Cells, bringing tcl fast into the Euro-American high-end market; in 2009, tcl technology invested $24.5 billion in construction.
In 2020, tcl technology acquired Tianjin Central Ring Group, opened a new track for semiconductor photovoltaic and semiconductor materials, and registered tcl micro-chip semiconductor technology company in the same year.
It shows vertical extension and horizontal integration of the industry; in December 2020, the tcl technology acquisition of Shigea International strengthened the industry layout and helped tcl China to complete the demand for integration of downstream customers with the “pant-plus” machine; in addition, the tcl technology, in cooperation with Joled, Japan, and the acquisition of shares in the Suzhou Tristar Electronic LCD, Inc., was completed.
Since the company was founded in 1982, the realist has held important positions and ensured strategic coherence. Li Dongsheng, as the tcl technology de facto controller, held 6.73% of the company’s shares up to 2024q1.
Participation in the creation of tcl has long been in key management positions of the company, including tcl Communications Equipment Ltd. General Manager, tcl Electronics Group Managing Director, tcl Electronics Group, and since 1996 Chairman of the tcl Group, ceo, with extensive experience in technology and manufacturing management, leading the tcl enterprise development from inception to a globalized industrial group.
1.2. In the face of the panel price rise, corporate profitability has increased significantly, by 4.7 per cent over the same period, with 24q1 companies earning 39.950 billion yuan over the same period, or 1.2 per cent over the same period. In terms of profitability, the public sector returned 2.21 billion yuan to the mother in 23 years, an increase of 747.6 per cent over the same year, and 24q1 to the mother 240 million yuan over the same period.
The significant increase of 143.7% is mainly due to the sustained increase in panel prices, which companies show has significantly improved the profitability of their panel business. As demand in the panel industry recovers and concentration rises, companies benefit further as industry headlines.
In the traditional low season of tv, the profit level was reversed from the 23-year year-round target, with 24q1 having a Māori rate of 11.5 per cent, an increase of 1.2 pct, a net sales interest rate of 0.8 per cent, a decrease of 1.1 pccc. While 24q1 had a lower net sales interest rate of 0.18 per cent, a growth rate of 2.0 pct.
Semiconductor displays and photovoltaic, semiconductor materials are the two main operations. Corporate semiconductors showed revenue of $83.65 billion in 23 years, an increase of 27.3 per cent in the same year, and semiconductors of 47.95 per cent in 23 years.
Growth of 8.5 pct. The second-largest major battalion is photovoltaic and semiconductor material operations, with 59.15 billion yuan in 23 years, 11.7 per cent less than the same year, 33.91 per cent less than the same year.
2.1. The panel recovery trend is clear, with a sustained shift of production capacity to the continent 2.1.1. Price end: panel price volatility is stable and the overall increase in tv panel prices is expected to continue in May. tv panel prices continue to rise: according to the JAG data, the small size panel (32 inches) in May 2024
Prices were flat, with 50 inch increases of $1 in the medium-sized size panel, 55, 65 and 75 in the amount of $1-2. In 2401, the price of the panel experienced sharp fluctuations, sharp declines, steady growth and a strong rebound. The tv panels showed an upward trend in the price of panels in March-May, mainly due to the annual maintenance of the panel plant, which reduced short-term supply and the terminal.
The increase in market demand and the expectations of sports marketing activities have raised the demand for panels; at the same time, the operating strategy of the panels has been to adjust production and price-enhanced market recovery. The price increase is expected to continue, followed by the May increase in the Mayit panel in June: the monitor panel price has been fully warming since 2024, and at the end of the demand.
Due to the supply of panels and price trends, brands have become fully strategic and pre-positioned. At the end of the supply side, under normal-state control, the distribution of monitor capacity has gradually been squeezed as the difference between the monitors and the profitability of television applications has continued to widen. This has led to a gradual shift in the market of monitor towards the supply side and a gradual tightening of the market supply.
In May, 21.5 "fhd, 23.8"fhd, 27"fhdopencell panel prices are projected to increase by $0.5 to 0.8; In May, notebook panel prices were increased structurally: demand-side, demand-side, thanks to continued stock improvement and the promotion of the 6.18 campaign, brand panel demand is steadily increasing.
Strategy. The price of the tn panel is expected to return to heat as the number of educational tenders increases. Meanwhile, the cost of large-scale applications such as television and monitors continues to rise, and the panel factory increases the demand for increased prices for the notebook panel. The sigmaintell predicts that the price of the tn panel and the mainstream 16:9 tableboard in May is expected to return slightly to warmer prices.
Prices have continued to decline slightly in May. The mainstream tnlcm average price is projected to increase by $0.1 in May, while the main tnlcm panel average is expected to increase by $0.1 in May in 16:9 and the main 16:10 is stable. The panel price has warmed and the cycle has become clear. According to witsview, the current panel price is already weekly.
At the end of the period, as domestic manufacturers take the initiative to reduce crop rate control panel capacity, overseas producers can exit at an accelerated pace, supply and demand are continuously optimized, and price recovery trends are gradually being established.
The tv panel is the largest downstream, and the tv demand recovery drives the overall cooling back. According to the omdia data, the demand for the ccdtv panel will reach 180 million square metres in 2024, an increase of 9.6 per cent from the same year, and the demand for the tv will be boosted by the demand for the tv in 2024 as a sports year. According to the omdia data, the tv panel demand side.
The share of total panel demand has stabilized at more than 60 per cent, the main downstream of the panel, and the lead recovery of the tv panel will have a positive effect on the overall climate recovery of the panel.
In April of this year, Mainichishinbun reported that Sharp would close down his 10-generation lcd plant in Japan, the sdp. According to Maida data, the sdp Māori rate during the 21st year of the epidemic was approximately 4.1%, which was significantly below the average of 13% in the industry. After the outbreak, the flats showed the fpd market to be depressed, and the sdp Māori rate declined.
In 2022, it fell to -29.1 per cent, and the omdia statistics show that the tft capacity of sdp in 2024 amounted to 8.87 million square metres, about 2.6 per cent of the total global tft capacity devoted to producing large fpds, which would be an important step towards industrial integration if Sharp were to permanently shut down that part of capacity.
For its part, Korea, owing to the continuing low price of television panels during the epidemic, the continued loss of lgdisplay, the high asset-debt rate and the rapid loss of cash flows. According to data released by the company’s network, the lgd Māori ratio of 2022-2023 was 1cdtv and the focus was shifted to the old, so it was hoped that the Guangzhou g8.5lcd plant would be sold and the funds used for distribution.
According to industry tracking, lgd has now received letters of intent from 4-5 companies, including Kyodong, China Star photovoltaic, etc. The lgd Guangzhou g8.5lcd factory plans to select the recipient for 24q2 and sell it at an estimated price of 1 trillion won, or about 5.4 billion yuan.
According to omdia, in 2023, Chinese factories produced 77% of global production of 7-generation and larger-sized base plates, and if the sdp and Guangzhou g8.5lcd plants were closed, production of such panels would be concentrated more in China, close to 85% of the global supply. Large-sized panel pricing rights for mainland Chinese television panel suppliers such as Kyundong, Chinese PV, Huike, etc.
According to Omdia, in 2023, the continent’s panel capacity (by size) has already increased by 53.4%, compared to 2.5 pct in 2024.
(a) The continent's panel capacity (by panel size) as a share of global capacity will be further increased to 56.0 per cent, an increase of 2.6 pct over the same period;
Figure 15: Key country (area) panel capacity (100,000 pieces) Continuous improvement in free cash flows and beginning to show long-term value for leading enterprises
A combination of accelerated industrial integration, demand-driven production, and downstream demand recovery has led to a stable pattern of panel competition and continued growth in the profitability of top firms. At the same time, the pressure on panel producers to use large capital inputs for cyclical expansion has been significantly reduced, with a significant increase in red power, while free cash flows have accelerated, profits have increased and panels have increased.
The long-term value of the head business is beginning to show. tcl continuously expands its capacity by self-built lines and external M&As. By building two 8.5 generations, the tcl star stands firm in the field of tv panels; then successfully cuts into the small-sized panel with two six-generation lines.
In 2021, the company launched a t9 production line for medium-sized products such as high-value-added t, commercial displays, to speed up the full-scale strategic layout; then, by expanding its self-modeling capacity and acquiring the technology and the three-star module plant, tcl was able to move into one.
As the competitive pattern of the panel industry stabilizes, the dominance of the head shop has been consolidated, the capacity of production expands, the ability to redecorate will continue to increase, and shareholder returns are expected to grow. The improved cash flow creates high profitability growth.
The flow has improved significantly since 22, and with the revival of the panel industry and the consolidation of corporate competitive advantages, the level of profitability has been ahead of the market share of the panel and product structure has continued to optimize. According to company annual reports, the company’s tv panels have been growing steadily in the second largest volume worldwide in 23 years, with the mnt panels rising to the third largest in the world, with a large increase in soft-led shipments.
The company has demonstrated that it is fully leveraging the technological advantages of high-generation production lines, promoting large-scale product sizes and specifications upgrades; capturing the iterative demand for IT revolution-driven IT-based products, and matching the medium-sized production capacity and product layout represented by the t9 line; and improving business efficiency by focusing on high-end, differentiated strategies for small-scale operations.
In large-scale areas, tcl-Wass, using the power of high-generation lines to work with the industrial chain, leads television panels to upgrade their sizes and high-end developments, and actively develops commercial displays such as interactive whiteboards, digital tags, puzzle screens, etc. tcl-Wass, by using the efficiency and process of the g8.5 and g11 generation lines, and by working with strategic clients to upgrade large-scale electricity.
The value of the main links in the industrial chain is raised depending on market penetration rates. According to corporate annual reports, the market share of corporate television panels has stabilized in 23 years, rising to 79% in size at 55 hours and above, 51% in size at 65 hours, and the world’s first product share at 55 hours and 75 hours, and the world’s second largest product share at 65 hours.
In the medium-sized area, tcl-star accelerated the development of new business capabilities such as tcl-it and car-loading, optimized product and customer structures, and built new dynamical energy for business growth. According to the company’s 23-year annual report, it is located in the t9 product of operations such as medium-sized t-size t-car-loading.
The first stage of the line was able to produce, and the monitors were ranked third in the world as a whole, with the full market share of the electric monitor being the number one, the number one, the number one, the number one, the number one, the number one, and the number one, the number one, the number one, the number one, the number one, the number one, the number one, the number one, the number one, the number one, the number one, the number one, the number one, the number one, the number one, the number one, the number one, the number one, the number one, the number one, the number one, the number one, the number one, the number one, the number one, the number one, the number one, the number one, the number one, the number one.
In the area of small sizes, tclstar locates high-end markets in a mix of ltps and soft-led production lines, and product competitiveness and market share continues to rise. According to the company’s 23-year-old report, t3-line ltps mobile panels are selling.
Third globally, the self-developed 1512 pimini-ledlcd-vr screen delivers output volumes. t4 soft-led production lines, rapid increases in crop rates and volume of deliveries, fourth-quarter flexible-led cellular panels, highly optimized product and customer structures, imported multi-brand clients over 23 years; company soft-led folding, ltpo, poll-
New technologies, such as Less, have reached industry leadership levels and high-end product ratios have continued to rise; corporate soft-led revenues have doubled over 23 years and business performance has continued to improve.
The company is actively looking for new growth paths, mainly core competencies, around the concept of enterprise development and the new and emerging industrial plans of the national strategy. The company successfully removed the tcl middle ring mix project in July 2020, whose main products include the development and operation of new energy sources, photovoltaic silicon tablets, PV cells and components, other silicon materials and efficient photovoltaic power stations, which are very much in line with tcl.
Since 2021, tcl has been working through institutional reform, optimizing capital structures, stimulating organizational dynamism, unleashing growth potential, and accelerating business development. 3.1. Improve the layout of photovoltaic and silicon materials operations, with a wide range of downstream applications
tcl Central ring applications include, inter alia, integrated circuits, consumer-type electrons, grid transmission, wind power generation, rail transport, new energy vehicles, 5g, artificial intelligence, photovoltaic power, industrial control, etc. New energy PV panels, including, inter alia, new energy sources, single crystal silicon rods, silicon tablets, and photovoltaic cell block products include, inter alia, photovoltaic batteries.
tcl Central ring main operations are built around silicon materials, focused on single crystalline silicon development and production, vertically extended in the field of new energy photovoltaic manufacturing and other silicon materials manufacturing, resulting in new energy photovoltaic material plates, photovoltage cells and component plates and other silicon material plates.
As of 21 May 2024, tcl's first-largest shareholder was the limited division of the tcl (Tianjin) Technology Group, with a share ratio of 27.36%, and Hong Kong Central Bank Limited, the second-largest shareholder, with a share of 4.01%.
A total of 29.91 per cent of the shares are held through Stakeholder and tclTechnology Group (Tianjin) Ltd. In 2023, the global energy structure accelerated the transformation of the energy structure, with a high rate of growth in the light of the “double carbon” strategy and the challenges of climate change, energy security, environmental pollution, etc.
Sustainable growth attracts both old and new players to expand their investments, faster release of production from the luminous industrial chain, lower price volatility of the main chain products, and squeezed overall profit margins. Companies recognize losses on investment, long-term equity investments and financial assets associated with equity participation in maxeon, respectively.
Quarterly performance has had a negative impact. tcl Circumpolar PV plates continue to drive technological innovation and industrial soft manufacturing of 4.0 and upgrade advanced production by billions of yuan, compared to 4.4.88%. The volume of new energy materials has increased by 68% to 114gw on the same basis, with revenues of 53.1 billion yuan.
Of this, the total market share of silicon tablets was 23.4 per cent, resulting in an operating income of 43,791 million yuan; and the volume of photovoltaic component operations was 8.6gw, an increase of 29.8 per cent compared to the previous year, resulting in an operating income of 9.309 billion yuan.
3.2.1. Photovoltaic materials: Two innovations in technology and production patterns, enrichment of product matrices, flexible manufacturing, upgrading of advanced production capacity, reduction of efficiency gains, refinement of product totalsoltion layout, meeting client differentiation demands for products, taking full advantage of the size, cost and market advantages of strategic corporate products.
Technical end: 2023, the photovoltaic material business block accelerated around work on production methods, materials, processes, operations, etc. Technological and process innovations increased relative competitiveness and actively responded to industrial market cycle fluctuations and trends in n- and large-scale conversions.
Performance upgrades, crystallized unit product silicon consumption rates, single furnace monthly productions, and chip per kilogram lead by industry levels. Crystal productivity per capita was 25mw/person/year, with 71% ahead of industry and 27mw/person/year, with 98% ahead of industry; N-type products achieved a single-stage production lead by about 11.6%,
The tcl is based on technological accumulation and matching of N-type material products with the flexible manufacturing capabilities of the “multi-product, multi-client, multi-processed” era, accelerating the transformation of N-type materials and stacking components, leading the global market for N-silicon, with a cost-leading industry of about $0.03/w, and building technology for the next generation.
Manufacturing and operating capacity: the tcl medium ring insists on upgrading industrial 4.0 manufacturing methods, focusing on the intellectual level of manufacturing, demanding a higher degree of flexibility of production as the types of product, specifications and customer bases increase.
By the end of 2023, it will have achieved flexible manufacturing capacity for more than 1,200 customized products. Faced with rapid changes in the up-to-down market, it will have built up a 4.0 system, made scientific decisions, operated efficiently and promoted high-quality enterprise development. 3.2.2. Photovoltaic batteries and their components: advanced products produce mass and continuously optimize innovation capabilities.
tcl The tcl medium cycle continuously promotes autonomous technological innovation and know-how process accumulation, focusing on technological inputs and process innovations with intellectual property rights protection and industry-led technology, and continues to drive battery and component business development around high-power, efficient and low-cost trends.
Photovoltaic components: g12 components have become a future trend in the industry, with 700w components mainstreamed. In 2023, the Division completed a full-scale process of production of 3.0 tiles, research and development of 4.0 tiles in four quarters and production of volume.
Two and above, with efficiency ahead of more than 0.2 per cent, reduced costs, and further improvements to the knowledge of the stacked series of products The equity bank was built and by the end of 2023, the output of the high-efficiency stacked components reached 18gw. Battery: companies have always focused on the development of differentiated, intellectually-owned n battery technology, and have focused on n.
3.2.3. Globalization operations: focus on accelerating internationalization and complementarity to enhance the competitiveness of companies. During the 2023 reporting period, companies prudentially and resolutely promoted globalization strategies and actively assessed and explored priority countries or countries around the globe.
Regional industrial mapping projects (e.g., United States, Europe, Middle East, etc.), ongoing project planning, partner communication negotiations, and project landing studies.
Quarterly losses began to rise in the second quarter. The company ' s long-term equity investments and financial assets associated with maxeon identified impairment losses of $1.01 billion and fair value changes losses of $440 million, combined investment losses of $340 million for maxeon based on equity, and received revolving interest income of $108 million, bringing a total of $1.69 billion to the company ' s performance.
On the basis of the ibc battery-assembly series patents owned by Maxeon, the topcon battery process series patents, the tiles series patents have created a stronger global protection capacity for intellectual property rights and related products, compounding their global profile, strong brand and channel advantages, and an important strategy for accelerating the development of corporate internationalization operations, particularly in North America.
The company is actively promoting improvements in the capital structure, organizational changes, and business improvements in Maceon, making full use of its unique market advantages and technological innovation capabilities at the US barrier, improving its manufacturing chain by upgrading the short cut-off against Chinese enterprises, and enhancing the organization of corporate globalization through cross-fertilization and synergy of production and channels globally.
Core assumptions split with income: (i) semiconductor displays: large-scale display panel areas, where tcl-star continuously improves relative competitiveness and profitability; medium-sized panel areas, where tcl-star perfects product layout, takes advantage of high-generation production lines and captures high-level specifications
In the area of small-scale panels, tcl-star optimization of products and customer structures, technological innovation to promote product up-scaling and flexible-led business improvements to speed up the transition from large-scale to full-scale leadership. Current supply-side patterns are optimized, end demand is enhanced.
A steady increase in area indicates that the industry is expected to continue to enjoy a good climate, and companies’ semiconductors show further improvements in their operations. And the technological pre-eminence of type n photo-voltaic materials continues to drive downput efficiency and relative competitiveness.
The current industry is still at the bottom of the cycle, and the company’s new energy photovoltaic operation will enhance its resilience in order to smooth the industry’s life cycle with relative competitiveness. We expect the company’s revenues in 24-26 years to be 597/613/628 (iii) distribution of electronics: the business is mainly the sale of consumer electronics such as mobile phones, pc, flat boards, etc.
The rate of Maori in electronics distribution is low, and that part of the business is relatively stable. We expect the company's section to be more or less offsetting, and we choose the main business to cover the semiconductor of Kyoto Easta and Deep Skya as comparable companies.
The average value is 33.2/16.1 times that of a comparable company in 25-26 years. The net profit of the company is expected to be 1.38/1.24/1.09 times that of 2024-2026, with companies leading as semiconductor monitors, adding process optimization and line-based scenarios to the atmosphere risk of industrial change: countries around the world have given high levels of photovoltaic development in the face of “double carbon” targets, energy shortages, etc.
Attention is also being given to the need for industrial chain autonomy, the active promotion of photo-voltaic manufacturing and the introduction of a series of trade-protection policies, and trade frictions are continuing to affect the development of our photovoltaic industry. If macro-environmental factors change negatively in the future, they will adversely affect the development of companies and industries.
Risks of market competition: The light-voltage industry attracts large inflows of capital due to high growth, high expectations, rapid expansion of production performance, homogenization of products, increased competition in markets, and re-engineering of industry patterns. Uneven supply and demand between multi-crystal silicon, single-crysilica, batteries, component-phase investments and production cycles result in a cyclical supply of some products
The market for downstream applications has not developed as much as expected: the downstream use of corporate products is widespread in areas such as 3c, auto electronics, displays, and photovoltaics, semiconductors, and industry is more dependent on end demand.
tcl.TclT's three major financial forecasting tables. Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, is qualified for portfolio investment advisory business.