Researchchand developmentcenter, "one base, two wings, three new" and "Technology Lead" leading the petrochemical carrier.
18 September 2023, Research Assistant, Hu Xiao Xiao petrochemical industry.
China 's petrochemicals: "One base, two wings, three new" and "Technology first" leading the petrochemical carrier to a new journey, China 's petrochemicals (600028.sh)
After 40 years of development, the company has become upstream exploration and exploitation, middle- and middle-stream refining, and lower-lying.
In recent years, companies have also continued to develop new energy sources, new materials and new economies, opening up “one base, two wings, three new” development patterns. The benefits of this continued deepening of the integrated layout are the company’s ability to perform well and synergize and promote corporate profitability.
The firm’s stable financial position and strong cash flows, the steady release of capital spending by the aid company, the deepening of capital investment in areas such as upstream storage, refining of oil, optimized layout and new chemical materials, and the building of “technology leadership”
The company, which provides a “one base” for the consolidation of the company's petrochemical leadership and the enhancement of its long-term development competitiveness, has achieved significant benefits in terms of steady oil and gas growth, and the energy resource base continues to be solid. The “coal-rich, poor gas” is a characteristic of our resource endowment, the company's oil and gas base is weak, and the geological region is poorly equipped.
But the company, through its ongoing theoretical and technological breakthroughs, has achieved a number of major hydrocarbon discoveries, such as those in the Phosphal, the mary and the sub-north oil and gas fields, all of which have a unique and important contribution to make to the development of our oil and gas industry, and the firm's deep theoretical and technological strength is a strong guarantee.
In addition, the company will benefit from multiple domestic and international development opportunities, and from the frequency of mineral rights reform policies in terms of domestic exploration and exploitation.
The exploration and exploitation activity is expected to increase further, with the company's weak base of mining rights expected to reverse to some extent, and according to our calculations, the future scenario is to be competitive with 10 per cent of the existing mineral rights, 20 per cent of the prospecting rights of China's petrochemical bid, and the ratio of unit prospecting to the remaining crude oil reserves.
For example, as in 2022, the company's future remaining reserves of crude oil are expected to exceed 230 million barrels; for offshore exploration and exploitation, the global portfolio of hydrocarbon assets to be sold was close to $131 billion as of May 2023, and the supply of international hydrocarbon assets is expected to move towards a release cycle that will add up to the company's foreign and maritime capital.
Production risks are phased out, and future high-quality hydrocarbon assets are expected to be re-injected. On the supply and demand side, we believe that the future upstream climate cycle will continue, that oil and gas prices may still be operating at medium and high levels, and that companies are expected to move up the upstream business into full space.
“Two Wings”: Global Refining Lead, Regional Demand Dividends, and Industry Standard Focusing Support Company Performance. With regard to oil products, China's petrochemicals have 277 million tons/year refining capacity and live in the global Sinda Stock Company Ltd.
First, tens of millions of tons of them have a 77% share of the company's total refining capacity, and the advantage of scalability stands out. The company has the advantage of industrial chain integration, allowing flexibility in adjusting the start-up load of the device.
Building No. 1 of the 9th Alteration Street in the West Side of Beijing City has increased the synergy between upstream crude oil production and increased corporate elasticity. In addition, public oil sales have been strong in the moat, and the number of gas stations in the market has been the highest since 2013-2022.
In the chemical industry, the company and its subsidiaries own a total of 19 ethylene installations, with a combined ethylene production capacity of 15,78 million tons. According to our calculations, the average ethylene production capacity of the company's refineries is higher.
At the industry level, in the short term, demand is gradually warming, oils are advanced, chemicals are available for recovery, and refining is time-limited; in the long run, the export end of finished oil is expected to benefit from South-East Asia's refining capacity.
At the policy level, it is likely to continue with the long-term demand dividend for chemicals, which will take some time for downstream high-end products, such as “cricket” and national production substitution. At the policy level, this will be accompanied by a continued overhaul of taxes on the consumption of finished oils.
The Division is expected to benefit on a priority basis as a champion of compliance. “Three new”: New Dynamics are growing faster, and the company’s second-growth curve is ready for the future.
In 2022, China's hydrogen consumption reached 3,533,000 tons, and by 2030 and 2060, China's hydrogen consumption is expected to reach 3715 million tons and 13.3 million tons, respectively, with high demand for hydrogen.
Hydrogen energy is the main direction of the company ' s new energy business, with more than 3.9 million tons of hydrogen annually, accounting for about 11% of the country ' s hydrogen production, a strong domestic hydrogen power tap, and an integrated layout. In terms of new materials, the company is a fossilized dragon, technologically developed.
It is well established that several chemical research institutes under the flag have deep technical deposits and are now accelerating their deployment in the areas of eeva, poe, big filament fibres, and special rubber. It is hoped that in the future, a number of new types of chemical materials, such as new energy and high-performance materials, will be developed in a point-by-point and synergistic manner.
On the other hand, the company’s non-oil operations, backed by a China-Pulsified group, continue to strengthen its kernel in many ways, such as through the establishment of channels, consumer ecology, and product value. Technology-led reforms have given rise to new dynamism, and the company’s internal dynamics and valuation elasticities are expected to increase.
In terms of technology-led strategies, companies have continuously increased their investment in technology research and development, with cumulative patent applications exceeding 100,000, authorizations exceeding 60,000, and cumulatively completing over 200 major industrial transformations, creating a solid R & D base for companies in the whole industry chain.
In addition, the company has intensified its research and research reform process, promoting market-based reforms in scientific institutions, industrial transformation of scientific research results, market-based incentives for scientific and technological researchers, and upgrading the dynamism and creativity of the company. In the area of corporate reform, over 40 years, China has completed its petrochemical assets, systems, and regulatory mechanisms.
As a result of deepening reforms, emphasizing innovation drivers and high-quality development strategies, breaking down institutional barriers, stimulating market dynamism, and particularly following the deepening of corporate reforms in 2020, corporate shareholder returns have clearly increased, but corporate valuation remains relatively low.
Robust and risk-resistant. In the upper section, the firm continues to increase its capital, invests in it and effectively compensates for the weakness of its resource endowments; in the refinery section, the size of the company and its technology, the advantages are evident, the rainfall has increased significantly, and the competitiveness of technology has continued to grow, both by consolidating the firm's refining.
As a leader, and in keeping with the long-term energy transition scenario, the petrochemical dragons have attained high-quality quality \triangleright, with China ' s petrochemical shares 5.45, 4.13 and 3.77 times below the industry average.
Given the strong advantages of corporate integration, the volatility of oil prices, the strong position of the industry, and the continued increase in capital spending and R & D inputs by the supersector companies, it is expected that endogenous growth will continue to be unleashed, with risk factors: (1) the risk of sharp fluctuations in crude oil prices; and (2) the failure of the increased reserves to produce as much as expected.
\triangleright risk; \triangleright risk; \country risk of excess refining energy; \4 risk of over-substitution of new energy vehicles to the consumption of finished oil; \5 risk of excess chemicals; \6 risk of non-restoration of end demand as expected; (7)
The new energy layout does not match the expected risks; (8) the risk of new materials being diverted from R & D. (1), the “one-base, two-wing, three-new” strategic layout, with a significant advantage of integration. Companies are the champions of integrated petrochemical industries such as upstream exploration development, mid-stream refining, downstream marketing and distribution, in addition to the company's continuous energy effort in new energy sources, new materials, and new economies.
The company’s good financial position, strong cash flows, deepening capital investment in areas such as upstream exploration and development, new chemical materials, and increasing the company’s petrochemical head competition.
The company benefits from the mineral rights, the policy of change is frequent, exploration and exploitation activity is expected to increase further, and the company’s weak mining base is expected to be reversed, according to us.
In May of that year, the global portfolio of oil and gas assets to be sold was close to $131 billion, and the supply of international hydrocarbon assets was expected to meet the release cycle and the quality of upstream assets was expected to improve.3 The global refinery tap, the demand dividend and industry regulatory support companies performed well. China ' s petrochemicals hold 277 million tons/year of refined oil.
In the case of chemicals, the Department and its subsidiaries have large-scale characteristics, cost advantages and extension capabilities. At the industry level, demand is gradually warming in the short term, and the benefits of refining the profits can be repaired; long-term finished oil exports are expected to benefit from South-East Asia's refined energy supply.
At the operational level, with a further tightening of taxes on the consumption of finished oils, the policy of “double carbon” and limited supply-side development, companies are expected to benefit from the priority as champions of compliance.4 The petrochemical carrier strategy is structured as a “three new” industry, building a corporate second-growth curve. The company's “three new” strategy refers mainly to new energy.
In the new energy sector, hydrogen is the main source of energy for the company, with an annual capacity of more than 3.9 million tons of hydrogen, accounting for about 11% of the country’s hydrogen production, and a firm position within the company’s country as a hydrogen-energy dragon. In the new materials, the company, as a fossilist leader, is well-established in technological research and development and is expected to produce new energy materials.
In the new economy, the company’s non-oil operations are backed by the China-Pulsification Group, which continuously strengthens the kernel in many ways, such as channel creation, consumer ecology, brand value, etc. 5. Technology-led and corporate reforms drive the growth of endogenous dynamism and valuation elasticity. In the context of technology-led strategies, companies continue to strengthen kernels.
At the level of corporate reform, in 2020, after deepening corporate reform, corporate shareholders’ returns rose significantly, but corporate valuations remained relatively low. The “three barrels of oil” contrasted horizontally with firm profitability, high risk resistance, and continued consolidation of corporate smelting poles.
A long-term energy transformation trend is ahead of schedule, and high-quality development opportunities are expected. Markets are generally perceived to focus on corporate business and strengths in downstream oil refining, with less attention to technological and theoretical breakthroughs and capital spending intensity in the upstream exploration and development of the company’s domain, and less attention to the second-in-a-half of the company’s new energy mix.
Long curves. We believe that the strategic layout of the company is centred on “one base, two wings, three new”, and that integration advantages are expected to be effective in building strong performance stability, strengthening the energy resource base at the upstream level, increasing capital spending and R & D inputs upstream, and promoting higher reserves, both to guarantee a stable supply of crude oil and to bring about good exploration and development in a high oil and gas price environment.
In refining the oil industry, the company is expected to continue to consolidate its position as a vanguard of refining, subject to double carbon and supply-side constraints. In terms of new energy, new materials, and the new economy, the company relies on the integrated configuration of the fossilized carrier, leading to the deployment of hydrogen energy in the new energy domain, continuously increasing the value added in new materials, and creating unique channels of advantage in the new economy.
Given the strong advantages of corporate integration, the price of profits is more volatile, and the industry’s leading performance may be steadily increasing, with a “buy-in” rating being given to the company’s a and h shares.
Stock price catalysts: company profitability against oil price volatility, opportunities for oil and gas storage and mineral rights reform, “double carbon” and supply-side constraints on the rise in the market share of refined oil industry, demand-side spending in the context of the economic recovery in a pro-cyclical context, technological innovation to boost corporate competition, and market-based reforms in the country’s enterprises.
Risk factors: the risk of sharp fluctuations in crude oil prices; the risk of less than expected production in additional reserves; the risk of excess national refining capacity; the risk of excessive replacement of cars for finished oil consumption; the risk of excess chemicals; the risk of less than anticipated recovery of end demand; the risk of less than anticipated new energy layout; and the risk of lagging in the transformation of new materials into research and development.
I. Synergy in the development of the petrochemical whole-industry chain, sound profitability highlights the advantages of corporate integration, full layout up and down the middle and downstream, a solid status for the refined tap, a 40-carrying drive, and a full layout of the industrial chain. China Petroleum Industries Group Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “group companies”)
China Petroleum Industries Corporation, which was established by the decision of the Chinese Party Central and State Council, was founded in 1998 on the foundation of the former China Petroleum Industries Corporation, and China Petroleum Industries Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “China petrochemical”) was formed in 2000 to become a listed subject of the Group's companies and was traded in New York, Hong Kong and London during the year.
China’s petrochemicals have been on the Shanghai Exchange for the past 40 years, and China’s petrochemical courage has been leading the industry’s development effort.
The process has laid the foundation for the construction of the first commercially developed large shale gas field, which has kept the main oil fields stable and productive, while actively embracing new energy changes and promoting clean energy sources such as turbo geothermal, hydrogen, photovoltaic and wind power: downstream, China's petrochemicals have accelerated the process of refining and upgrading, and the oil refining capacity is ranked the second largest in the world, and the number of fuel stations is the second highest in the world.
At the same time, the company is the backbone of our strategic science and technology in the petrochemical industry, leading our clean oil and chemical technology to a new level. Since its inception, the company has moved forward and gradually developed into a petrochemical leader covering the entire integrated industrial chain, from upstream exploration and exploitation to the sale of downstream petrochemical products, which continues to contribute to the national energy strategy and the well-being of the people.
In the world’s top 500, growing into a globally influential integrated energy industry group, operating at the top of the list, it took two generations to pass the century of Western multinational oil companies and helped our country to rise to the top of the world’s energy, chemical and industrial power.
Figure 1: China ' s petrochemical group corporate development process, 4 February, Party Central, and the State Council decided to form the China Petroleum Industry Corporation, which was established on 12 July.
On 27 July, the founding assembly of China's petrochemicals group was held in the Beijing People's Hall. • China's petrochemicals were first elected to the Fortune 500 top business in the world, ranked 73rd. On 4 February, the State Council decided that China's new star oil company would be integrated into China's petrochemicals group.
• On 28 February, China Petroleum Industries Ltd. was established, and on 18-19 October, China's petrochemical stocks were traded in New York, Hong Kong and London • China's petrochemicals were traded on the Shanghai Exchange.
In February, China’s petrochemicals discovered that China’s largest ancient sea-coated carbonate rock field – 1.2 billion tons of tar and gas fields – had been installed. On April 3, China’s large-scale sea-coated gas field, the Pulitzer field, was discovered.
• On 24 March, China's first large shale and gas field entered the commercial development phase.
• On September 12, China's petrochemical marketing company signed a contract for the reform of mixed ownership. • On January 8th, the “Development and application of environmentally efficient aromatic package” was awarded the National Principal Award for Scientific and Technological Progress in 2015. • On January 20, Xi Jinping General Secretary and King Salman of Saudi Arabia attended the launch ceremony for the launch of the Saudi-Amey China petrochemical plant.
• On 26 March, China's petrochemical shale and gas fields built 10 billion cubic metres of annual capacity. • On 2 April, China's petrochemical enterprise action plan was launched. • On 15 March, China's 30,000 petrochemical gas stations fully achieved no contact services.
• On 1 July, China's first oil-hydrogen co-location station, the oil-hydrogen co-construction site at the Pulse Mountain Pocket Powder Powder Powder Powder Powder Powder Powder Powder Powder Powder Powder Powder Powder Powder, was officially completed. On 9 May, China's 76-day petrochemical base was built for the largest production capacity in the world.
In December, China’s first “two berths,” the lng pier – the main site of the Tianjin lng receiving station – was officially launched, and the capacity for discharge was raised from 6 million to 10.8 million tons. The “one wing, three new” and “technology first” led to the development of a “one-wing, two-wing, three-m3” and a “technical lead” to consolidate the petrochemical dragon status.
Since the 14th century, China's petrochemicals have gradually established a “one- and two-wing three-new” development strategy and “building technology-led companies.” The “one-base” refers mainly to strengthening domestic and foreign integration, production and trade integration, oil and gas integration with non-oil and gas resources, fossil and renewable energy integration, and continuous consolidation of the energy resource base; the “two-wing” refers mainly to the consolidation of energy resources.
Developing clean oils and moderns, working as a chain of refined oils and chemicals industries, and continuously upgrading the competitive advantage of the chemical industry; “3 new” refers mainly to “new energy”, “new economy”, “new materials” and enhancing strategic and emerging industrial layouts, and consolidating the status of petrochemicals. At the same time, China’s petrochemicals have accelerated the formation of a “technology-led” company system, through mastering key core technologies and upgrading them.
A strong autonomous innovation capacity, a reputation for excellence in technology branding, etc., achieves the development goals of technology-driven industrial transformation, technological upgrading, expanding internationalized cooperation space, and technological depth affecting industry’s path. Figure 2: China’s petrochemical “one-base, two-wing, three-pronged” development strategy
The company has a stable equity structure and a well-placed company. The group is a fully owned and controlled central firm under the State Treasury Committee of the State Council. China ' s petrochemical company is a listed subject of the group. The group holds 67.2% of the shares in China ' s petrochemicals. China ' s petrochemical flag consists of five associated companies, 23 associated holding companies, and five joint ventures. As a central company under the State Treasury, it is a central company under the State Treasury.
Industrial layouts, risk resistance, etc., are more advantageous, and participation in holdings is broadly organized, covering the whole-industry chain of petrochemicals, and further marketization contributes to firm performance. Figure 3: China ' s petrochemical equity structure
1.2 Blocks have significant synergies, performance resilience against oil price volatility Billion dollars, corporate overall profitability against oil price volatility due to corporate positioning of petrochemical whole-sector chains and synergies between profit margins, upstream exploration and exploitation of Māori rates and crude oil price volatility, and operating profit contributions are largely dependent on oil prices.
Impacts; Māori performance in marketing and distribution plates has been stable, with a Māori hub of 8 per cent since 2001, contributing steadily to robust growth; changes in levels of Māori in refining and chemical panels have been largely consistent, but their performance contributions have been dominated by end demand and the original, and we have also measured settlement prices between company plates by eliminating the sale of natural gas in exploration and development industries.
We've been able to measure the average price of inter-plated crude oil plate sales from Brent, around $111/ton below the average price of Brent, from 2015 to 2023h1, and, in the case of finished oil, the price of inter-plate sales of petrol plate sales is slightly lower than the market price, but the price of inter-plate sales of diesel fuel and kerosene plates is significantly lower than the market price, and we believe that the company, as a domestic company, is one.
The advantage of internal resource coordination is evident from the physical petrochemical tap, which effectively coordinates the distribution of profits between refined and finished oil sales end.Figure 10: 2015-2023h1 Inter-oil plate sales price and market price comparisons ($11: 2015-2023h1 petrol plate sales price and market price comparisons)
Figure 13: Comparison of sales and market prices between the kerosene plates of the company 2015-2023h1 ($1.3 in good financial health, coordinated capital expenditure level promotion of firm stability far from other petrochemical champions at home and abroad, and the ratio of corporate assets and liabilities at the median level.
The flow of gold has been strong, with cash flows from corporate operations exceeding hundreds of billions of dollars in the past decade, and a drop in cash flows from corporate operations in 2022, mainly due to rising cost-side pressures due to inflation. In addition, the company ' s book capital has increased steadily in recent years, its financial performance has been relatively generous and its overall financial position has remained healthy.
Corporate profitability is strong, and extreme market environments are more risk-resistant. We compare the “three barrels of oil” (China stone oil, China petrochemical oil, China sea oil) with other petrochemical companies abroad, with firm net interest rates on sales and roe performing fairly well, with net interest rates on sales from the company 2013-2023q1 and the roe hub at around 2.5% and 7%, respectively, and overall profitability relatively well.
In addition, in the extreme case of the new crown epidemic in 2020, companies benefited from an integrated industrial chain layout with no significant impact on their profitability and greater resilience to risk in extreme market environments. In terms of the cost of the period, the company has had excellent control over its current rates, which have been around 5% since 2018, in the “three barrels of oil”
In recent years, corporate capital spending has risen steadily, with an increase in upstream exploration and downstream chemical industries, and a reduction in capital spending on refined and finished oil sales. We believe that companies continue to expand.
In addition, in the context of the strategic orientation of the “Build Technology-led Public Division” and the industry's “reducing oil”, companies have continued to increase their capital spending on chemical panels in recent years.
The industrial chain of new chemical materials further enhances the high-value-added attributes of the product. Through integrated strategic layouts, companies coordinate the development of their capital portfolios and expenditures, contributing to firm corporate performance. Second, one basis: the energy resource base continues to tighten, and “stable oil and gas” secures the country’s energy resources.
Security duty 2.1 increases the supply of production circuits to compensate for resource disadvantages by theoretical and technological breakthroughs. Our oil and gas endowments are weak and foreign-dependent, but the benefits of oil exploration have rebounded in recent years.
“Little gas” is a typical feature of our energy endowment, with our crude oil having a high external dependency, with our crude oil production of 205 million tons in 2022, an increase of 2.86 per cent in the same year, an apparent consumption of 719 million tons, an increase of 0.99 per cent in the same year, and an external dependence of 71 per cent, a decrease of 1.4 pct in the same year.
The annual rate of decline in oil fields is between 10 and 15%, and we estimate that we will need to add more than 25 million tons of crude oil per year to compensate for the decline in oil wells. In recent years, our investment in oil and gas exploration has continued to increase, reaching 82.2 billion yuan in 2022, a 3% increase, and we measure the volume of investment in oil and gas surveys/new geological exploration reserves.
In 2015-2019, the benefits of our oil and gas exploration continued to decline, the National Energy Agency officially implemented a seven-year plan of action in 2019 to boost the benefits of oil and gas exploration, and the benefits of national oil and gas exploration and development were reversed in 2020-2021.
Resource endowments as a whole remain weak, and therefore technological breakthroughs have become a key force for oil and gas production security in exploration and development operations. Figure 22: China ' s crude oil exploration surplus for 2010 - 2021 (billion tons, %) Figure 23: Size of investment in oil and gas geological surveys in China for 2010 - 2022 (billion yuan, %)
Figure 25: Figure 24: China ' s crude oil production, consumption and imports (billion tons, per cent) from 2010 to 2021 per unit investment in oil and gas exploration, effective replacement of resources from the company ' s theoretical and technological breakthroughs. The company ' s crude oil production in 2022 was 281 million barrels, a year-on-year increase.
Set a downward trend, with a clear gap in the remaining crude oil reserves until 2015. The relatively weak resource endowment base has been an important bottleneck in the upstream business development of companies, but it is in the complex geological conditions and the difficult exploration and exploitation of the resources of blocks that the central petrochemical hammered a highly theoretically high and technologically powerful upstream team, and through decades of sustained development.
The theoretical and technological breakthroughs led to the discovery of a series of important oil and gas fields, and to a large extent contributed to, or even recast, the country’s oil and gas exploration and development. The representative discovery of such fields was a major breakthrough in China’s petrochemical theory of oil and gas exploration, which prompted China’s sea-skinned carbonate rock and gas exploration theory and technology to rise to world levels.
The use of deep shale gas has been enhanced by crushing reverse design techniques, resulting in commercial breakthroughs in shale resources exploration and exploitation in the country; 41 oil and gas wells have drilled more than 8,000 metres vertically in the north oil and gas fields, and 400 million tons of oil and gas zones have been implemented, and deep-seated cave oil and gas deposits have been developed with strong guidance in the exploration of deep mineral resources in the country.
The leading theoretical and technological levels will drive China to make new and sustained breakthroughs in the deep and non-conventional areas of the future, providing firm support for the company to continue to build up its resource base. Figure 26: China ' s fossil crude oil production and growth in the same proportion in 2002-2022 (million barrels, %)
In recent years, the Ministry has increased its domestic gas exploration and exploitation, and has made a series of major breakthroughs, adding to the company’s efforts to promote the disposal of inefficient and ineffective assets abroad, with a slight decline in corporate foreign gas interests since mid-2009.
The company’s natural gas reserves in recent years have continued to break out, with the company’s potential to grow in the longer term as a result of imports.
On the ng side, as a result of the company ' s continued acceleration in recent years of installations such as lang receiving stations and storage tanks, and with the exception of the small drop in company ng imports due to the large fluctuations in gas prices in 2022, the company ng imports have continued to rise in recent years, enabling it to leverage natural gas resources, both within and outside the country, and to optimize the allocation of profits.
The company’s oil and gas exploration and development strategy, both domestic and foreign, has been structured in such a way that the oil and gas resource coverage base has been consolidated. After 25 years of strategic restructuring of the consortium in 1998, China’s petrochemical industry now has 15 domestic and foreign molecular companies in the field of oil and gas exploration upstream.
In terms of hydrocarbon assets, the company’s main hydrocarbon assets are located in China and has four equity projects abroad, namely, the Russian udm project, the Angola 18 block project, and Kazakh.
The Stancir project and the Santa Lake Colombia energy project. 2.2 Mining rights reform policies are frequent, and companies are expected to benefit from the domestic marketization of reforms The company's mineral rights base is weak, and access to quality mining rights is a key upstream business variable.
In a downward trend, mainly due to the tightening of market regulations and the apparent lowering of the area of the right to prospecting. With regard to the area of mineral rights registered, China ' s petrochemicals and China ' s petroleum are the main producers of crude oil on land in the country, but there is a large gap in the area of mining rights registered, with China ' s petrochemical mining rights standing at 416.7 million square kilometres in 2022, compared with China ' s oil prices at 97.41 square kilometres and China ' s petrochemical mines.
In the 1950’s and mid-1970’s, mining was the typical area of China’s planned economy, where the results of the mapping were financed by central finance and provided to state-owned enterprises.
Following the promulgation of the Law on Mineral Resources of the People’s Republic of China, it was established that the exploitation of mineral resources must be subject to the required tax and compensation for resources, that mineral exploration and exploitation must obtain the right to prospecting and mining rights, respectively, and that mining rights should be changed from free to paid use.
∙ Deepening the Opinions on Certain Matters of Mineral Resource Management Reform (Consultation Draft), with amendments including optimization of agreements on concession, net mineral release and extension of the right to prospecting, further promoting the trend towards marketization of mineral concessions.
According to the Ministry of Natural Resources, the number of new mining rights in the country has been declining since 2019, and the number of new prospecting rights has been on a downward trend. In 2022, the Ministry of Finance, the Ministry of Natural Resources, and the General Directorate of Taxation jointly issued an Act on the Collection of Proceeds from Mining Rights.
The first collection of proceeds from prospecting rights is limited to 10-20 per cent, a significant decrease from the 20 per cent rate set out in the Provisional Scheme for the Management of Revenues from Mining Rights, promulgated in 2017, which effectively alleviates the prior cash flow burden of exploration and exploitation enterprises. We believe that the newly enacted reform of mineral rights proceeds is expected to increase the activity of trading rights and develop operational panels for company exploration.
In addition, in the Opinions on the Deepening of the Reform of Mineral Resources (Consultative Drafts), it is clear that “net mining” concessions should be actively promoted, that the investigation of mined areas should be restricted by law, such as by circumventing the ecological red line, and that concessions should be reasonably determined, and that the concerns of mining rights holders should be addressed and exploration and exploitation should be guaranteed.
The company's right to prospecting has declined significantly in recent years, but the quality of the company's oil and gas exploration has continued to improve, and we calculate it in terms of the remaining available reserves and the area of the company's right to prospecting.
In addition, in the downward trend in the area of the right to prospecting, the company significantly increased the area of mining rights, with a significant increase in the proportion of “discovery” to 446 million square kilometres in 2022, an increase of 5.25 per cent over the same period.
At the end of 2021, our oil and gas prospecting rights amounted to approximately 2.58 million square kilometres, and it is expected that the company’s future remaining reserves of crude oil will exceed 230 million barrels, assuming a competitive concession of 10 per cent of the existing mineral rights, a 20 per cent concession of China’s petrochemical bid, and a unit prospecting area corresponding to the remaining crude oil reserves in 2022. In our view, future competitive concessions will be accompanied by more than 230 million barrels.
Further, the downward trend in the company's right to prospecting is expected to be reversed, with the company's exploration quality increased, fuel and gas storage space increased or continued market transfer reforms deepened within the company's mine block, and the optimal upstream asset allocation further upgraded. In October 2017, China's petrochemicals implemented the first internal transfer reform of the zone, namely, the Oknambingwa-Kong mine block, which moved to the river.
After the southern oil fields, 46 wells and 120 wells were regenerated in 2018, with the expected production of 25,000 tons of crude oil per year, with a significant increase in production. Since then, the company has completed an internal market transfer of five oil and gas blocks, such as the Tonamba, the 100-colour oil fields, and the Zhanwu oil fields, around 2018.
Ion, due to differences in the structure of geological exploration teams, the development of historical trajectories, and the expertise of different oil companies in the geological field, the marketed flow of oil and gas blocks is consistent with the pattern of oil and gas exploration exploitation, the company actively promotes marketed flow within the mine rights blocks to achieve full coordination of internal resources and maximizes the benefits of exploration exploitation.
2.3 Expedition of offshore gullions, light-loading at the same time as the global active cycle of hydrocarbon asset trading, gradual mitigation of overseas asset risks, and light-loading of offshore oil and gas layouts by the corporate group. At the China-Pulse Group level, offshore hydrocarbon assets are mainly operated by China-Plus Group International Hydrocarbon Exploration and Development Co. Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the National Survey”), which was accepted in 2015
The impact of fluctuations in international crude oil prices has resulted in a loss in the national survey, which achieved operating revenues of $41,622 million in 2015, with net profits - $208.2 million. At the end of the asset liability, the national survey assets in 2015 amounted to $43.15 billion, with total liabilities of $43.79 billion, at a time when current resources were available.
According to the Group’s annual report, the group’s long-term equity investment in 2015 was $102,703 million, a decline of 48.85%, and the group’s overseas assets were lightened.
In April 2014, China ' s petrochemicals announced that China ' s petrochemical companies and China ' s petrochemical companies had the same or similar operations in oil and gas exploration and extraction operations abroad, and that the group had promised China ' s petrochemical options for a 10-year period, within which China ' s petrochemicals could be carried out.
According to the evaluation report of the company, which includes high-quality oil and gas assets, we have counted the recoverable amount and the sum of the accumulated net cash flow, which is positive in the context of the assumption of $60 per barrel of oil prices, in which the company gradually acquired the company ' s Angola 18, Russia, and the Russian Federation in 2010-2013.
The upstream portion of the offshore interest, such as the Rossudm project, provides an infusion of high-quality hydrocarbon assets. We believe that, after the group-level restructuring of the national survey company, the impact of bad assets on the corporate group is gradually diminishing, while for China-Petrochemicals, high-quality assets under the national survey are expected to continue.
Global upstream oil and gas asset transactions have declined in activity, oil prices have rebounded in stages or facilitated trade activity. In 2022, the international oil price hub moved sharply, high oil prices raised the valuation level of upstream oil and gas trading assets, and geo-risked increases were added to the conflict in Russia and Russia, leading to a decline in international oil and gas asset M & As activity in 2022. In the first quarter of 2023, global M & As activity declined.
The number of mergers and acquisitions of upstream hydrocarbon assets was 67, with transactions amounting to $20.9 billion, the volume and value of transactions falling by 51 per cent and 40 per cent, respectively, and the active nature of the hydrocarbon asset transactions continued to decline, mainly as a result of large commodity price fluctuations leading to greater price differentials between buyers and sellers, capital discipline in hydrocarbon enterprises and a shareholder-centred strategic shift in favour of the oil and gas giants.
Based on historical data, when oil prices show a gradual rebound, they are accompanied by an increase in the volume of hydrocarbon assets traded. At this point, we believe that the supply of international hydrocarbon assets is expected to meet the roll-out cycle and that companies are expected to benefit on a priority basis, with two main factors contributing to this: lower upstream capital spending, lower or significant volume of oil and gas assets and buyers in the context of enhanced shareholder returns.
In 2022, 26 American oil companies bought back and rededged $128 billion, exceeding the annual level of capital spending, and we believe that the upward shift in oil prices and the enhancement of shareholder returns have contributed to weakening upstream capital spending in the International Hydrocarbons Division, thereby reducing the willingness to buy and buy oil and gas assets and, in this context, reducing competition for overseas assets.
The second is that the international oil and gas tap drives a strategic transformation, displacing or boosting the supply of assets to be sold. In recent years, the international oil and gas giants, including ExxonMobil, bp, Kaiser, and Eni, have published strategic transformation and asset stripping plans. As of May 2023, the global portfolio of hydrocarbon assets to be sold was close to $131 billion.
The asset divestiture plan, on the one hand, increases the availability of upstream oil and gas mergers and acquisitions assets, provides buyers with more high-quality asset options and promotes the company ' s offshore oil and gas expansion space; and, on the other hand, the level of valuation of the oil and gas asset release or roll-down block project is expected to increase the value of M&As and further optimize the acquisition cost of the upstream assets.
In April 2023, the company signed an agreement with Qatar Energy to participate in the gas field expansion project in northern Qatar, under which Qatar Energy turned to the company.
In recent years, China’s petrochemical and national exploration companies have also focused on other projects, such as those in North Africa, the Middle East, and South America, and are expected to gain further access to high-quality capital in international markets, bringing new impetus to the growth of overseas resources and production.
2.4 The upper-middle oil and gas prices run, and the upstream weather cycle will continue at the supply end of 2.4.1: surplus capacity concentration, lack of elasticity, and the underlying role of oil prices are highlighted Capital expenditure: high oil prices do not drive high capital expenditure and crude oil supply elasticity.
In part, this led to slow growth in the current crude oil supply, and the high price of oil in 2022 did not boost upstream capital spending. During the high oil price period in 2011-2014, Opec+ increased production significantly, and US shale oil achieved a technological breakthrough, contributing a significant supply increase.
Under low and medium oil prices, global upstream investment in crude oil continued to fall from more than $900 billion per year in 2014 to about $500 billion in gold/year. In 2020, the new coronary hit international oil prices, with global upstream capital expenditure contracting by $146.4 billion in 2019, a 29.3 per cent decline compared to 2019, and supply constraints at the oil-producing ends. In 2021, the global economic recovery was combined with a decline in production in the OEC+ alliance.
The average price of brent oil amounted to $70.94 per barrel, an increase of 64 per cent from 2020, but global capital spending on upstream plans increased by $30.6 billion, or 8.67 per cent, from 2020 to 2020, a modest increase. In 2022, international oil prices rose all the way to more than $95 per barrel, and global oil and gas companies increased upstream capital spending by $33.2 billion in 2022 compared with upstream capital expenditure in 2021.
In October 2022, Oec+ decided to set production targets for August 2022.
In April, 2023, Saudi Arabia represented the Oec State and Russia, and by February 2023, the actual output reduction was over 1.5 million barrels/day, well over October 2022, to December 2024, while the production target for January-December 2024 fell again by 1.39 million barrels/day, and Saudis volunteered in July.
Ten thousand barrels per day were compressed to 520,000 barrels per day (measured by Min (capacity, production target)).0pec+ actual crude oil production was 39,206 million barrels per day in April 2023, with a 216,000 barrels per day decline in ring ratio, mainly due to the stagnation in crude oil exports in the Irak Kurdistan region and a decline in Nigerian production.
This round of production cuts is subject to objective constraints of insufficient capacity to increase production, and countries that have not reached production targets are hampered by insufficient capacity and investment to achieve significant increases, which are not sufficient to offset the decline in production in other reduction countries. Countries with remaining productive capacity include Iraq, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, Iran, Russia, considering that Iran is still under United States sanctions and that there is uncertainty in the negotiations, Iraq, and others.
Turkey has not yet reached an agreement to restart the crude oil exports of Kurdistan, Russia remains subject to Western embargoes and price restrictions, and only Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates have more discretionary surplus capacity, with a surplus capacity of 172,780,000 barrels per day as of April 2023. We believe that Saudi internal coordination capacity and oil price regulation capacity are expected to be further enhanced and that they are willing to maintain high oil prices.
It is desirable that measures to control production below oil prices may be more effective. Figure 41: Opec+ targeted and actual production (million barrels per day) Figure 42: 2023.04iea versus OEC+ residual capacity (million barrels per day)
Russia: The impact of Russian oil exports has been limited and Russian oil production capacity has become a bottleneck. As of April 2023, Russian oil exports were at the same level as before the conflict. In May 2023, total Russian oil exports remained at 7.8 million barrels per day, 300,000 barrels per day less than in April 2023, of which crude oil exports were 5.2 million barrels per day, 100,000 barrels per day more than in April 2023, and finished oil exports.
The amount is 2.6 million barrels per day, a decrease of 400,000 barrels per day from April 2023. Russia has either reduced production voluntarily since March, or caused the supply of 9.45 million barrels per day, a real decrease of nearly 150,000 barrels per day from April. With the decline in the number of bp, Shell and other international energy companies in October of that year to 10.2 million barrels per day in May 2023, Russian crude oil production capacity has deteriorated.
US: US crude oil supply recovery has been slow since the outbreak. We believe that this is due to: first, the impact of the previous epidemic, shale, the use of storage wells by oil companies to sustain production, and the need for oil and gas companies after the epidemic to speed up the construction of new wells at a higher cost to compensate for past consumption of high-quality wells. Second, the shortage of human and material resources and the rising cost of oil and gas production by shale oil companies in the United States.
The main problems facing the company were the lengthening of the oil and gas extraction cycle and the slowing of production growth; third, the major United States shale oil and gas companies opted to return more of their revenues to shareholders than to expand their investments, under the increasingly stringent capital constraints of investors. According to a report released in June 2023, US crude oil production is expected to increase by 740,000 barrels per day to 12,61 million barrels per day in 2023, US soil
Oil has gradually recovered but production has increased only modestly, at an average annual rate of less than 1.5 million barrels per day before the outbreak. The US strategic reserve stock of 370 million barrels has been at a historically low level since the 1980s, and we believe that the United States will either be able to complete the 26 million barrels authorized by Congress for sale or enter the overall replenishment phase. 3 million barrels completed in June 2023.
The barrel size replenishment, with an average price of $73 per barrel, and the planned gradual purchase of 12 million barrels of oil in the second half of the year to continue to replenish its strategic oil reserves, will provide a relatively long-term base for crude oil prices. Figure 47: United States crude oil production structure and projections (million barrels per day)
2.4.2 Demand-side: a steady recovery in short-term demand, with a long-term peak, the global economy is starting well and the overall recovery is stable. Globally, the global economy began well in 2023, accompanied by a recovery in post-influenza consumption, especially after China ' s immunization policy was optimized at the end of 2022, and domestic services increased rapidly leading to global services rehabilitation.
Higher levels, but relatively weak levels of rehabilitation in the manufacturing sector, with a global service pmi of 52.70 in July 2023, with a slower pace of recovery in the industrial sector, a stronger pace of recovery in the services sector and the consumer sector in the first quarter of the year, a similar rate of growth in the second quarter, and a generally robust pace of recovery in the domestic economy. With the gradual introduction of the stimulus policy, the country will continue to experience a steady pace of recovery in the future.
In terms of the long-term demand structure, we expect the consumption of diesel fuel for transportation to decline year by year, and the share of chemical oil to half of the world’s oil demand to grow year by year, thus mainly considering the impact of the replacement effects of new energy vehicles when forecasting global demand for crude oil.
In the global and Chinese crude oil demand outlook 2022-2060, published in August 2022 (when did we reach its peak?), and considering that the rise in traditional energy prices has accelerated the penetration of new energy vehicles, we use the many sensitivity analyses of the above-mentioned report.
After the blast, the main factor behind the demand for diesel fuel for transportation was the penetration rate of new-energy cars and traditional energy oils, which, according to the model that we have built, are projected to have reached a peak in global diesel consumption in the area of transport by 2025, corresponding to a 24% penetration of global new-energy cars in 2025.
Continued acceleration of growth, with the acceleration of global demand for diesel fuel for transport, and the penetration of global new energy vehicle sales by 2040 will leave about 4 million barrels per day of growth between total annual demand. In 2027-2040, the rapid replacement of new energy vehicles led to a sharp annual decline in diesel fuel for transport, an acceleration in total demand for crude oil, and in 2040-2060, the market or no longer selling tradition.
Fuel vehicle, annual consumption of diesel fuel for transportation slowly declines with the end of conventional energy-holding vehicles, crude oil demand figure 52: Global crude oil sub-product demand change measurement (million barrels per day) 2010-2060. 2.4.3 Global supply and demand constraints and oil prices will continue to operate at medium and high levels
The demand for crude oil continues to warm, and multiple agencies have revised their projections for future short-term crude oil demand. The forecast for global crude oil demand for 2023 has been revised upwards in all three institutions, mainly for countries like China.
This spending level is planned to increase cumulative crude oil production capacity by 100, 90, 550,000 barrels per day over a five-year period, while traditional oil fields are developed over a long period of time, with a limited supply of additional crude oil per year; the United States has limited capacity and bottlenecks to produce shale oil over a long period of time, as a result of energy policies, investor pressure, rising costs, loss of high-quality blocks, etc.; and the United States is expected to add 2022 to its release in the coming years.
Strategic crude oil reserves with limited market commercial stocks of crude oil, even tightening global supply; energy companies such as bp, Shell, which are committed to green energy or will gradually reduce crude oil production; Russia will accelerate the decline in crude oil production due to insufficient capital spending; Russian crude oil production will decline over the long term; and the United States and Iran are negotiating with uncertainty, even if Iran is fully released.
According to our calculations, global demand for crude oil for 2024-2026 is expected to continue to grow, even in view of the slowdown in economic growth and the transformation of old and new sources of energy, and crude oil supply capacity is more difficult to meet. We therefore believe that oil prices may continue to operate at medium and high levels in the medium to long term.
In general, the energy cycle triggers high energy inflation. We believe that capital spending, whether from conventional hydrocarbon resources or shale oil in the United States, is the main reason for limiting crude oil production. Considering the past underspending on global crude oil capital, the current global crude oil supply is declining, while demand for crude oil continues to grow in the transition to old and new energy sources, and the global demand for crude oil is or will continue for many years.
In the medium-to-long term, oil prices may be sustained at medium-to-medium-high levels. 2.4.4 Reforms in the marketization of natural gas are advancing, and companies are expected to rise to higher prices.
The pattern has changed dramatically and prices have risen significantly, with European tttf spot prices, United States port of Henry spot prices in the first half of 2022, Chinese lng c.f. prices of $39.35, 6.41, 33.81/million British heat, respectively, increasing by 146.31 per cent, 65.71 per cent and 83.71 per cent, respectively, but in the second half of 2022, the price of crude oil has been added to the price of the crude oil, among other alternatives, as a result of the slowdown in the Russian-Turk border between the conflict.
International gas prices have declined in the first half of 2023, but remain at historically high levels. On the supply side, growth in global export capacity will be limited in 2023.
According to eia data, the global plan to add eng liquefied capacity in 2023 is about 1 billion cubic feet/day, which is more than half the ng liquefied capacity added in 2022. On the demand side, EU eng imported 63,662 million euros in the first half of 2023, an increase of 351% compared to the previous year, and we believe that the EU has accelerated its supply system in the context of reducing Russian pipeline gas.
Reconstruct, ng imports may remain high: in the context of post-epidemiological recovery, import demand in the Asia-Pacific region will continue to rise, and the international gas supply and demand situation is expected to remain tight, with high gas prices at the centre.
Figure 56: EU imports (millions) of natural gas from the EU between 2021 and 2023 showed robust growth in the prices of the company’s natural gas market to effectively withstand price shocks on the international market. In response to international market shocks, countries have increased their efforts to stabilize gas prices and effectively mitigate international market transmission shocks, and companies are one of the three major natural gas suppliers in the country.
In 2022, the company achieved an average sales price of $1808/km3 of natural gas, an increase of 12.6% from the same year, effectively countering the downside risks associated with price shocks on international markets. The price-conservation mechanism pushed forward, and the company’s gas prices were expected to rise.
Greater demand for gas, a gap with upstream supply, and the need for high prices to feed people in urban-fired enterprises. Moreover, if the upstream-source price rises and downstream-fired businesses fail to keep up in time, there will be a collapse in gas prices, affecting downstream firms. After 2023, the upward-downstream price linkage mechanism for natural gas began to be implemented in many parts of the country, up to 2023.7
This month, 30 regions of the country have policies in place on the gas price linkage mechanism. We believe that the gas price linkage mechanism is a key step forward in the marketization of gas prices, both to ensure supply capacity in the downstream burning market and to promote higher upstream gas storage, with companies acting as key gas suppliers for domestic gas supply.
Source, with a stronger pricing power in the area of natural gas supply, company gas operations are expected to be price-friendly once the gas supply is advanced. Clarifying linkage projects: gas upstream/downstream price linkages refer to gas source procurement costs and terminal sales prices, where residents approve the purchase costs at door price, non-resident gas at average gas source (including gas sources such as ng); setting conditions for start-up: residents have 8 per cent price fluctuations at air gate stations and
For the above, or for the second consecutive year, the average cost of non-resident gas purchases fluctuates by 5 per cent or more, in parallel with the adjustment of the prices of natural gas terminals; controls the frequency and level of up-scaling; in principle, residential gas prices are revised up by no more than one per year and by no more than 10 per cent of the first base terminal sales price; and non-resident gas prices are revised up by no more than two times per year and by no more than 20 per cent of the base terminal sales price.
IDRC, Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre, three or two wings: clean oil industry poles, modern industrial industry, regional demand red and industry regulation support company performance up.
3.1 Oil products: Base-based scalable layouts increase the competitiveness of refined oil production, oil sales are guaranteed for profit by protected rivers, and global smelting taps, base-based and scalded layouts increase overall competitiveness of production capacity. China ' s petrochemicals have 277 million tons/year refined oil processing capacity, which is the world ' s highest, accounting for 30% of the country ' s refining capacity, 50% of the primary refining capacity, and are owned by companies under the flag of the company.
Thirty refineries, covering the entire industry of refineries, have significant advantages in terms of integration. According to the data on the moor, the country has an average of 6.85 million tons of refineries, and only 34 million tons of refineries. The average size of the company ' s refineries is 9.23 million tons, of which 10 million tons of them are in 15, and 77 per cent of the company ' s total refining capacity, with significant advantages of scale.
According to the Institute of Merchant Banks, under the same process, 10 million tonnes/year of total operating costs are about 10% lower than 5 million tonnes/year of refineries, and the large-scale conversion of the company's refineries is expected to significantly reduce production costs. According to China's petrochemical “14-5” target, by the end of the “145” period, China's petrochemicals will be working on one or two world-class refineries, building on a continuous basis.
The four world-class refineries in China, China, Shanghai, and Nanjing have enhanced the advantages of clustering and regionalization in the long triangles, the Ring Sea, the Pulitzer Triangle, and along the river refinery belts. We believe that the advantages of a single company refinery are significant, and that industrial clustering has developed.
In 2022, the company ' s crude oil processing volume was $242 million, and the unit ' s crude oil processing capacity was adjusted to achieve a full price increase; and in 2022, as a result of the geo-conflict, international oil prices rose significantly as a result of the company ' s firm ' s presence.
With the advantage of industrial chain integration, it is possible to adjust the start-up load flexibly, while increasing the profit-making co-benefits of upstream crude oil production and increasing corporate elasticity. Oil sales are solid in the moats and corporate profitability is growing steadily.
Tons/stations, a decline of 6.72% over the same period, mainly due to the shrinking demand for movement of residents in the context of the epidemic. From a profit-making perspective, the sale of the company’s finished oils continues to contribute to the firm’s steady profits, with the company’s marketing and distribution plates contributing $25.2 billion in 2022, an increase of 9.1%, and a negative growth in the context of the rapid growth of the new energy vehicle, which has been accompanied by a restrictive build-up of demand.
In 2013-2022, the company’s central profit centre was around $28.4 billion, and oil price fluctuations had a less profitable impact on the company’s finished oil sales boards. In terms of industry market ownership, the number of company gas stations was 30.8 million in 2022, with a 29% share in the country and a 50% share in China’s petrochemical and Chinese oil combined, and a strong industry.
They argue that the company’s sales of finished oils have been profitable, that the industry’s high-market position has created a unique moat for the company, and that the company’s profit security has continued to grow. “Background + High-end” thinking is clear, accelerating advanced production capacity-building ensures that the industry is strong.
The company is the third largest chemical company in the world and the largest producer and supplier of chemical products in China. In 2022, the company, ethylene, synthetic resins, synthetic rubber, synthetic fibre monomer and polymers, had a combined production capacity of 7.27 million tons, or 20% of the country’s capacity.
In addition, the company planned six coal-chemical projects in Ningxia, Inner Mongolia, Anhui, Guizhou and Xinjiang, while promoting the high-end extension of chemical products through the development and production of a series of new high-end chemical materials, special lubricant oils, modified asphalt, resins, special fibres, high-end rubber, etc.
Performance products, downstream, covering many fields such as aerospace, health, transport, agriculture, construction. According to the company ' s annual report for 2022 and a half, the proportion of new products and specialized materials of synthetic resins in companies reached 69.5%, with 1.4 pct higher compared to the year; synthetic rubber high-value-added products reached 36.8% higher than 0.7 pct higher compared to the year; and synthetic fibre high value-added products 40.7% higher, with the same ratio.
This is an increase of 6.8 pct; 35.8 per cent for fine chemical high-end products, or 1.1 per cent for the same year. We believe that companies are leading the industry in terms of internal chemical industries, with a solid base of chemical raw materials, a wide range of products, and a continuous build-up of companies to increase the proportion of value-added attribute products, and their competitive advantage is expected to increase.
As a key measure of the level of development of petrochemicals, by mid-2023, the company and its subsidiaries owned 19 ethylene plant refineries with a combined capacity of 1578 million tons of ethylene and, according to our calculations, an average ethylene production capacity of 830,000 tons per year.
The country has 63 ethylene production enterprises, with a combined capacity of 46.75 million ethylene, and we have measured the average size of the ethylene plant in the country, except for central petrochemicals, at 710,000 tons. We believe that large-scale chemical plants can contribute to improved production efficiency, on the one hand, and regulations, on the other.
The chemical industry of the model is expected to increase the extension and synergy of the industrial chain of refining downstream, continuously upgrade the corporate chemical industry to develop water, alternative aromatic import spaces remain, supply and demand patterns are expected to be maintained, and companies are well-established. For a long time, our aromatic industry chain core product, px, has been heavily dependent on imports, and until 2019, our import dependence at px was more than 50%; and in recent years, it has remained at 50%.
So, along with the intensive domestic refining, our px production capacity continues to be released. According to ccfei data, our px capacity was 3.63 million tons in 2022, an increase of 14 per cent over the same year, import dependence was 30 per cent, and import replacement space is still available. According to our estimates, 12.5 million tons of px capacity will be delivered, taking into account the level of work load in the industry in recent years, we believe that it was added by 2024.
Px production capacity is still not able to cover the current supply gap of more than 10 million tons, industry demand-side supply and demand-side patterns are expected to be maintained, and the company’s high market for aromatic hydrocarbons products is expected to continue to benefit from the industry’s import-substitution release.
The trend is largely in line with the price of crude oil, which we measured at the end of the period the average price of our chemical products - the price differentials of our chemical products - the price of petrocephalus, which we measured in the first half of 2022, as a result of the rapid escalation of the cost end, the price differentials of our chemical products were significantly reduced, but accompanied by a steady price of crude oil, a gradual release of cost pressures, and a marked improvement in the price differential of our chemical products in the future.
The company will still have close to 6.1 million tons of new ethylene production in Hunan, Xinjiang, Fujian, Guangdong and Tianjin, which accounts for about 44.2% of the country ' s total build-up and planned build-up capacity, and will strengthen its leadership position. Further downstream, based on the planned production capacity, it will include ultra-molecular polyolefins, alpha-butylene hydrocarbons, poe, etc.
In the case of aromatic hydrocarbons, the future benefits from “double carbon” and supply-side constraints, the industry’s additional capacity is released limited, supply-strapped or maintained. With improved chemical prices, adding additional production capacity to the ground, the company’s performance can be sustained over time.
3.3 The demand for finished oils has been gradually warming, the production of finished oils has made it possible for them to be refined and repaired. The demand for finished oil has been strongly supported by the continuous heating of the population's travel. Following the optimization of the country's policy to control the epidemic in late 2022, the population's movement has resumed and the transport sector has been warming rapidly, with domestic road cargo reaching 3,472 million tons in June 2023 and a basic recovery.
Up to pre-epidemiological levels, the number of passengers transported by air was 5.32 million, almost the same as before the outbreak, with residents warming, transport repairs, and strong demand for finished oil. Moreover, according to the data centre of the Ministry of Culture and Tourism, there were 274 million trips to the country during the holiday period in May 2023, an increase of 70.83 per cent over the previous period, returning to 2019 on a comparable caliber.
From the point of view of finished oil consumption, the cumulative consumption of finished oil in January-June 2023 was 196 million tons, which is well above the same level in 2019, and the repair of the finished oil is clearly supportive of the consumption of the finished oil. The next half of the year, accompanied by summer and 11 holidays, is expected to lead to a sustained increase in the demand for travel by residents and a recovery in the consumption of finished oil.
Figure 70: Summary consumption of finished oils (tonnes) 2017-2023 Consumption recovery + capital warming, and demand for chemicals are on the rise. Refinement of downstream chemicals is mainly based on aromatic hydrocarbons and aromatics products, whose downstream production is closely linked to the underlying properties, daily consumption, etc. The downstream products of aromatic hydrocarbons are mainly associated with the consumption of snorkels.
In June 2023, the country ' s total retail sales of social goods reached 10.71 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and consumption and capital heating recovered markedly. However, the cumulative investment in land-use development development rose by -7.9 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and the pull effect on petrochemical consumption has not yet become apparent.
There has been a marked recovery in domestic and external spinning consumption, with relatively slow repairs at the end of spinning exports, with a cumulative amount of 683.4 billion yuan in January-June 2023 and a cumulative amount of $76.8 billion in spinning exports, both above the same level in 2019. Overall, the overall demand for chemicals downstream has recovered slowly owing to land-use constraints, the accumulation of reservoirs during a partial chemical outbreak and the demand-side recovery.
In the future, as domestic economic policies become more robust, the manufacturing sector warms, demand for chemicals rises, and some chemicals remain structurally active. In a pro-cyclical context, refining plates is profitable.
In terms of performance, in 2020 q3-2021 q3, the recovery of the post-epidemiological economy accelerated, crude oil prices rose more sharply in 2020-2021, while Brent oil prices were located between $40 and $60/barrell price rebounds, and we believe that price support for demand-side reheating plus cost-side trend increases is the core variable for refining the procyclical context.
After 2023, the marginal effects of the raw materials at the end of the conflict with the Russian Federation continued to diminish, crude oil prices became more and more volatile, international oil prices were either highly volatile in 2022, cost-side pressures were mitigated and high-profile shocks were maintained, with some bottom-up effect on downstream processing prices; supply side, industrial policies for emission reduction and energy consumption continued to be constrained, and production capacity was expected to lag this year.
The economy as a whole is in steady repair, and the refinery downstream end product is expected to reach its traditional high season in the second half of the year, and the industry will start a replenishment cycle that will be catalysed by factors such as cost-side support continuity, demand-side recovery, improved supply and demand-side patterns, and corporate refining is expected to take place.
3.4 The forward demand dividend remains, domestic consumption is resonant with export growth, there is a guaranteed space for refining demand South-East Asia has a limited volume of refined energy and opportunities for finished oil exports. At the supply end, 2020-2022, the South-East Asia and Australia refineries were shut down at a combined rate of 34.92 million tonnes per year due to a combination of new crown epidemics, declining demand, and low-carbon transformations.
As the epidemic improves, countries in South-East Asia are gradually planning and releasing new refined capacity, but the scale of production is limited between 2023 and 2024. According to our calculations, 2106 and 4.98 million tons of new refined capacity are expected to be completed in 2023 and 2024, respectively, amounting to 26.4 million tons, with a net or 88.8 million tonnes/year. In addition, 14 million tonnes/year of refined energy are projected to be completed in 2023 and 2024, respectively.
On the whole, the additional refining capacity will be limited or will not compensate for the supply of refined energy that has been withdrawn in recent years. At the demand end, we consume 324 million crude oil in 2022 in South-East Asia and Australia, for example, in the six major oil-consuming countries in South-East Asia (Indonesia, Malaysia, the Philippines, Singapore, Thailand, Viet Nam) and Australia.
The region’s crude oil consumption has increased at an average annual rate of 3 per cent over the years, particularly in the context of post-epidemic recovery, and is more resilient in South-East Asia. We believe that the current or already over-supply situation in the major consumer countries of South-East Asia and Australia, the future of South-East Asia, where additional refining has not been able to withdraw, and where demand for crude oil has continued to rise, is expected to rise in South-East Asia.
In the gas cycle, the company, as a leader in the domestic export of finished oils, is expected to expand the product quota to a total of tons of crude oil = 7.33 barrels of crude oil at the same time as the weather cycle abroad. The finished oil export quota is far ahead and the oil profits are optimally configured. As of September 2023, three batches of the country were released.
From the 3999 million tons of finished oil export quota, which exceeded last year's level, China received 650, 355 and 2.6 million tons of finished oil export quota, representing 34 per cent, 39 per cent and 22 per cent, respectively. In 2022, our finished oil exports were concentrated in the South-East Asian region, with Singapore being the largest producer of finished oil.
In addition, the South-East Asian region has a relatively low domestic demand for oil products, and companies can optimize their profitability by regulating the proportion of oil produced at the end of the oil purchases and sales.
The view was expressed that the two batches of finished oil export quotas had increased significantly by 2023, and that the year-round export quota space was expected to continue to open, with companies having a share of high-finished oil export quotas, allowing domestic trade and export-side agreements based on the oil price differential performance of finished products, both within and outside the country, to effectively counter the risks associated with market price differentials and to enhance the stability of refined oil profits.
There is still a gap in domestic ethylene production capacity, with downstream high-end “crystal” and domestic substitution still taking some time, and long-term chemical demand is expected to continue. Ethylene is the core variable at the end of the fossil chemical supply, and our per capita consumption of ethylene and the economic elasticity coefficient is increasing in combination with the United Nations, based on the gdp acceleration forecast for China for 2023-2025, which is based on the ethylene consumption per capita ethylene per capita elasticity coefficient.
For China's population projections, ethylene equivalent demand for 2023-2025 was estimated at 714, 7561, and 80.33 million, respectively, while some of our ethylene downstream products are still dependent on imports, along with the development of our high-end polyolefin industry in recent years, and the overall increase in the number of domestic patents for high-end polyolefins, however.
The core areas of polyolefins, such as polymeric technologies, catalyst technologies, and process-modification technologies, are largely monopolized by developed countries such as the US, Japan, and Europe. In 2022, our self-sufficiency rate for high-end polyolefins was 41%, while there is still a large gap between the 14th Five-Year Guidance for Quality Development in the petrochemical industry and the target of 75% chemical new material security by 2025.
And time is running out, guaranteeing self-sufficiency and breaking external technical constraints on high-end products are the key drivers of demand-side emissions. 3.5 Tax and energy consumption controls are regulated and regulated, state-run flagships are paid off for their performance. Taxes on the consumption of finished oils are tightened further, and industrial output is expected to accelerate.
To date, the consumption tax on finished oils has shown a clear trend towards wider collection and higher taxes, with gasoline, diesel, aviation kerosene rising from 0.2, 0.1, and 0.1 to 1.52, 1.2, 1.2, and 1.2, respectively. The consumption tax, as a key tax for refineries in the sale of finished oil, is an important part of the cost of oil, and according to our calculations, is based on aviation kerosene.
For example, on a 1.2/L basis, the tax on the consumption of aviation kerosene is $1495 per ton. Because of the significant profit-making impact of the consumption tax, experts from the Institute of Central petrochemical Studies have pointed out that, in order to avoid the consumption tax, some of the refineries produce diesel products that are sold under the name of other chemical products and, if the oil products fail to meet the diesel fuel standards, they are sold to the transferor in the form of fractions.
The costs are enormous, and the deliberate evasion and evasion of the consumption tax is highlighted by the fact that, in accordance with the Guidance for Improving Energy Safety and Security in 2020, special emphasis is placed on the elimination of crude oil imports from oil-producing enterprises that are qualified for use in crude oil imports but are subject to violations such as serious tax evasion, once verified by law enforcement authorities. In our view, the State has put in place a series of policies to collect such imports.
A tight oil consumption tax policy would further create a level playing field, while forcing refineries with illegal practices, such as tax evasion, out of the market, with the prospect of accelerated industrial clean-up; and, according to the Bulletin on the Implementation of the Product Oil Consumption Tax Policy, issued in June 2023, an important shift in gasoline.
The consumption tax is further expanded by the consumption tax on the oil component alkylated oils. In 2022, we produced 9523 million tons of alkylated oil, 145 million tons of gasoline, 6.57 per cent of gasoline production. According to our estimates, the consumption tax on alkylated oils was 2096 yuan, and the consumption tax on a single ton of alkylated oils was only 2096 yuan.
The cost of a ton of gasoline is likely to increase by $138. We use the highest price of the 92nd gasoline market in Shandong as a tax rate for finished oil, which has been on the upward trend in recent years as a result of the tightening of the taxation policy on finished oil consumption. We believe that the cost of the alkylated oil will either increase or increase as a result of the new product consumption tax reform.
The country’s petrochemical companies, which have a compliance-based industry, are expected to benefit from the reduced profit margin in the oil market, the tax policies of the cumulative industry have continued to tighten, and industry regulations have improved. The “double carbon” constraint + supply-side development has been limited, leaving behind productive capacity.
Issuance of Opinions on Complete and Accurate Implementation of New Development Concepts for Carbon-According Carbon Neutrality and Work, State Department Circular on the Publication of the Carbon-According Action Programme to 2030 (NDA No. 23), National Development Reform Commission publication of Selected Opinions on Strict Energy Efficiency Constraints to Promote Energy Conservation in the Focus Area, and Strict Energy Efficiency Pacts in Priority Chemical Industries
By 2025, the production capacity of major products had risen to more than 80 per cent of the country ' s total refining capacity, which, according to our statistics, would be about 923 million tons, or more than 100 million tons in the future.
Release, supply side peaks, or they will come. In terms of output clearance, policies have identified clear targets for future production lags in the petrochemical industry, such as in the Directory of Guidance on Industrial Restructuring (2023 edition, comments), which, with the exception of special provisions, may phase out 15 million tons of refined oil capacity in the country by the end of 2023; and in the priority area of industry, energy efficiency poles and benchmark levels.
In the 2023 edition, various petrochemical products such as refined oils, ethylenes, dibenzene, pta, etc., have been identified in the policy as having completed technological adaptations or phase-out by 2025 or 2026. We believe that the country currently has a large-scale increase in production capacity and a small-scale backward production phase-out, but the country has also clearly encouraged new materials such as high-end resins, high-end chemicals, etc.
In a climate of limited supply-side development, industry concentration is expected to increase further. In the context of carbon-saving constraints, corporate leadership has become increasingly evident.
Guidelines for the Implementation of Energy Conservation and Carbon Mitigation Upgrading in the High Energy Effort Area (2022 edition) (hereinafter referred to as “the Guidelines”), which specify energy consumption standards and adaptation guidelines for the refined oil and ethylene industries, with a baseline level of 8.5 kg of benchmark oil/(ton-energy factor) for the refined oil sector; and 640 kg of standard oil/ton energy consumption baseline for the ethylene sector.
At the bottom, energy efficiency in the refining sector is about 20 per cent below the benchmark level, and energy efficiency is about 30 per cent below the benchmark level. The Guide suggests that by 2025, production below the benchmark level of energy efficiency in the refining sector will be phased out, energy efficiency in the ethylene sector will be upgraded in an orderly manner, carbon savings in the industry will be significant, and green low-carbon development capacity will be significantly improved.
Since the launch of the energy efficiency improvement programme in 2014, the company has implemented a cumulative total of nearly 5,000 energy efficiency improvement projects, saving 8.36 million tons of coal, and the fossilized taps have gained even more prominence in the context of industry ' s carbon savings.
4.1 New Energy: The role of the chain length of the industry is highlighted, and the hydrogen energy industry is expected to meet demand, with companies giving priority to pre-empting the market. China ' s consumption of hydrogen in 2022 amounted to 3,533,000 tons, of which 80.8 per cent was in the chemical sector, and is currently the main source of hydrogen consumption.
The Alliance expects China to consume 371.5 million tons of hydrogen by 2030 and 13.3 million tons by 2060, respectively, and to have more or less room for growth. From downstream applications, the current ratio of hydrogen consumption in transport, construction, etc. is still low, while after 2023, parts of the country introduced a policy of easing hydrogen production, allowing it to take place in chemical parks.
The construction of green hydrogen production projects such as electrolysis hydrogen and hydrogen production as one station. Because of the flammable and explosive properties of hydrogen, which fall within the category of dangerous chemicals, hydrogen production projects have long had to be located in chemical parks and have to be licensed to produce dangerous chemicals, raising the cost of hydrogen use to some extent and limiting the scale development of the hydrogen energy sector. We believe that construction outside chemical parks is limited.
Hydrogen-based projects can effectively upgrade hydrogen energy applications to cover radiuss and reduce the cost of hydrogen energy use, and will be accompanied by further development of hydrogen production, transmission, storage technologies that will cover or be more extensive in areas such as transport, construction, industry, etc., pushing hydrogen energy demand for sustained release, while companies are expected to take advantage of their own good channels and technological advantages to pre-empt the market.
In March 2022, the National Development and Reform Commission and the National Energy Agency issued the Long-term Plan for the Development of the Hydrogen Energy Industry (2021-2035), which defines the top layers of our policy for the development of the hydrogen energy industry, with a focus on the three-phase development goals of about 50,000 fuel cell vehicles by 2025.
By 2030, a more complete system of technological innovation in the hydrogen-energy industry, clean-energy hydrogen and supply systems will have been developed; by 2035, a hydrogen-energy-industry system will have been created, with diverse applications of hydrogen energy covering transportation, storage and industry.
At the local level, the cities and provinces have also launched long-term plans for the development of the hydrogen energy industry, which have led to the development and implementation of policies from the top to the top. We believe that the development of the hydrogen energy industry in the country is well-directed, supported from top to bottom by policies that bring long-term savings to the development of the hydrogen energy sector, and that the company ' s hydrogen energy industry has continued to grow in scope and depth, and is expected to take advantage of hydrogen energy.
Hydrogen is the main thrust of China’s new petrochemical energy business, with the Department owning more than 3.5 million tons of hydrogen per year, accounting for about 14% of the country’s hydrogen production, and the company is the largest hydrogen production in the country.
At present, three dominant forms of hydrogen production in the industry include by-product hydrogen purification, fossil energy re-engineering and electrolytic hydrogen. The Department has made breakthroughs in a number of areas, such as hydrogen-filling stations, hydrogen-making technologies, hydrogen fuel cells, and hydrogen-storage materials, with excellent development pre-positions. In 2019, China’s petrochemical mountain pit oil-hydrogen complex was officially built, marking the beginning of the hydrogen-energy layout of the company.
The construction of the Central petrochemical “genuine storage” integration project has continued, with a large scale-up of the green hydrogen layout, the launch of the largest global hydrogen demonstration project in Xinjiang, which builds up to 20,000 tons of hydrogen per year, the Oldos 30,000 tons/year windy green hydrogen project, the construction of full-scale construction in 2023, and the Ulanzab 100,000/year green hydrogen project, “Western hydrogen east”
There has been considerable progress in moving forward with the expansion of the hydrogen energy chain. Figure 90: China’s history in the development of the petrochemical hydrogen industry.
By the end of 2022, China ' s petrochemicals had accumulated 98 tons, with a market share of 40 per cent. Moreover, by 2025, China ' s petrochemical plans had built up a hydrogen-added capacity of around 120,000 tons/year.
We believe that the extensive national layout of distribution networks, such as central petrochemical gas stations, provides a good channel advantage for the future construction of hydrogen-added stations, effectively promoting the rapid layout of hydrogen-added stations, and further enhancing the company’s pioneering advantage in the field of hydrogen energy. In addition to the hydrogen-energy strategic layout, the company continues to promote synergies between wind power, photovoltaic, geothermal, etc.
In addition to the strategic deployment of hydrogen energy, China's petrochemical group has continued to promote co-operation in wind power, photovoltaic, geothermal, etc. In the field of wind power, China's petrochemical group has based its refining base on intensive development of centralized wind power, photovoltaic projects, and a strategic layout entitled “Large-renewable energy generation - storage - green power system”
Hydrogen, with a total installed capacity of 20 megawatts for a 25-year operating period of the company Whitewater Agricultural Photovoltaic Complementation Project, which saves approximately 7,700 tons of coal during the year; in the case of photovoltaics, China's petrochemical group has built 1351 distributed photovoltaic power stations with a capacity of 43.8 megawatts; and in the case of geothermal, in 2022, the new star company, under China's petrochemical flag, has been operating more than 700 heat-exchange units.
Stations, with a heating capacity of nearly 85 million square metres. We believe that companies are actively engaged in a diversified, new energy source strategic layout at the same time as business owners, which will further enhance the company’s forward energy restructuring competitiveness. 4.2 New materials: technology R & D and industry-driven, high-end products promote both quality and efficiency.
According to the priority petrochemical production early warning report for 2022, ethylene, acetylene, ethylene, benzene, and other basic petrochemical raw materials such as ethylene, acetylene, ethylene, etc., are still at a peak in production in recent years, with a reduced supply gap for some of the products; polyolefins and polycarbon acids.
Synthetic resins, such as esters, remain overcapacity, pvc continues to be overcapacity and synthetic rubber has a high level of structural overcapacity. According to Drogen, 2021-2023 was a high-speed expansion of the production capacity of basic chemical products in the industry, and after 2024, the new production capacity in the industry.
According to the “14th Five-Four” guide for the petroleum and chemical industry, published by the China Petroleum and Chemical Industry Federation, the emphasis is on accelerating the development of the chemical industry by breaking through high-end polyolefins, engineering plastics, and high-performance.
Key raw materials such as silicone materials, high-performance membrane materials, electronic chemicals, biochemicals and degradation materials, as well as sorghums, high-carbon alpha-vinyl hydrocarbons, polymeric catalysts. Emphasis is placed on the optimization of engineering plastics such as polycarbonate, polymethyl formaldehyde, special resins and degradation materials, high-performance fibres such as carbon fibres, aromatic beams, perfluorinated ion filtration film, high-transmission filtration film, lithium batteries, etc.
In our view, the development of new materials in the chemical industry is based mainly on the transformation and high-end transformation of generic products, the breakthroughs of products, the company as the leader of the domestic chemical industry, its clear advantages in terms of product abundance, technological sophistication, and so on, and the company's competitiveness is expected to be further highlighted.
As of 2022, we had 238 new material bases, mainly concentrated in Jiangsu, Shandong, Zhejiang, etc., with a relatively fragmented overall layout. In addition, new materials have been developed primarily for small and medium-sized enterprises, with a lack of industrial development planning and a complete industrial chain layout, with a relatively high linkage effect.
Weak, and the country’s large private petrochemical enterprises have long focused on scale development, insufficient investment in research and development and industrialization of new materials. Companies, as large petrochemical companies, have unique advantages in technology R & D, marketing channels, financial inputs, and are able to form a whole chain from R & D production to product sales, technology sharing and business synergies.
Corporate technology research and development is well established, and the potential for new material breakthroughs continues to be released. Since the company’s “one base, three wings, three new” development strategy in 2020, the company has continued to push for new material plate layouts, creating the China-Petified New Materials Technology Corporation in the same year.
In addition, the company’s Beijing Chemical Research Institute focuses on oil-based materials for more than 60 years, with deep technology deposits; and the company’s petrochemical Science Research Institute, which has long developed high-end chemicals and new chemicals.
In the long triangle, the company also owns the Shanghai Petroleum Research Institute, effectively supporting scientific research in the southern coastal region. In practical terms, the company has been breaking new ground in recent years, while the company is still building 1.2 million tons of ethylene in Tianjinnan port and a cluster of new materials in the industry project, sea level refining 1.5 million tons of ethylene and high-end new materials.
New material potential is expected to be released on a continuous basis, such as projects. 4.2.1 New energy material: high landscape resonance with import substitution, higher value-added properties of products, e.g. ethylene and acetic ethylene conglomerates, followed by Hdpe, ldpe, lldpe
Compared to polyethylene material, bva reduces crystallization and increases material resilience, resilience, etc., by adding ethylene acetate (va) single body to the molecular chain.eva material performance is mainly influenced by melting indexes and va content, the more flexible and softer it is when the melting index is certain; and when the va content is certain.
The higher the melting index, the better the product processing and surface light. bva materials are widely used in the fields of photovoltaic film, footwear, wires, etc., of which 53% are applied to photovoltaic membrane, a key area of application downstream of the eva. Figure 94: Major applications downstream of the eva in 2022 (%)
At the demand side, according to the China Association of Photovoltaic Industries, the number of additional photovoltaics installed worldwide in 2022 was 230gw, an increase of 37% over the previous year, and the Chinese Association of Photovoltaic Industries predicts that there will be a significant increase in the number of light-voltage plants.
The global average of additional photovoltaic loads in 2023-2027 is 400gw, which is expected to sustain the industry’s climate at the end of demand. We measure the amount of photovoltaic membrane per unit gw at 1.2 m2 for the component, corresponding to an average of 2.02 million tons per year. At the end of supply, we measure the limit of global photovoltaiceva in 2022, based on different device processes.
With 1.36 million tons of capacity, the world is expected to increase its capacity by 15, 57, and 710,000 tons in 2023-2025. We are projected to supply 131, 188, and 259,000 tons globally in 2023-2025, based on an average industry start-up rate of 82% in 2022.
In the first half of the year, the company held a combined share-holding capacity of 900,000 tons, with industry accounting for up to 37%, and in the future there are still medium-smelting phase 2 of 200,000 tons of capacity planning. We believe that the future photovoltaic industry is expected to maintain a high profile, with companies acting as evapolar taps, and production bases covering many parts of the country, with priority to benefit from a tight balance between supply and demand in the industry.
Figure 95: Distribution of capacity in the country ' s 2023h1 ethylene and high-carbon alpha-vinyl hydrocarbons (mainly 1-butylene, 1-hexylene, 1-octane, etc.), where polyvine-based elastics are polymerized, the poe usually refers to ethylene/1-octane with a mass score of more than 20% for 1-octane.
In the poe material, the polyethylene chain crystalline zone acts as a physical interface, with typical plastic properties, enabling it to become elastomeric after adding a certain amount of alpha-vinyl hydrocarbons, so that the poe product is very resilient and well processed, while the poe material has excellent age-resilient properties. Poe material is used downstream mainly for photovoltaics, cars, wire cables, etc.
With regard to catalysts, polyolefin-type flexibles consist mainly of acetylene and ethylene/α-vinylene condensates, which traditionally produce acetylene condensates.
z-n catalysts have low polymer temperatures, and poe products are soluble and glued by solvents at lower polymer temperatures that the fusion reaction cannot continue, so traditional z-n catalysts cannot produce polyolefin-like elastics with crystalline chains. Super-mixed metal catalysts can effectively control the insertion of a conglomerated monomer, thus producing ethylene-based crystalline segments.
/ Alpha-vinyl hydrocarbons co-polymer products. α-vinyl hydrocarbons generally refer to high-carbon hydrocarbons above c4 and c4, of which the production of alpha-vinyl hydrocarbons such as 1-hexylene, 1-octane, etc. is mainly based on the selective concentration of ethylene, but the difficulty is the existence of a series of difficulties such as the high cost of catalysts in production, catalytic and selective deficiencies, and the ease with which the by-products block the pipelines, and the existence of process barriers for high-carbon alpha-vinyl hydrocarbons.
High, and difficult to prepare, so more than 80% of the c6+ long chain α-FOA still depends on imports. Poe production technology has long become a “crack neck” ring for the expansion of the domestic market, as foreign firms have patented the catalysts needed to produce poe, the polymer process, and the process technology for producing important poo-based carbon-rich α-FOA has been strictly blocked.
As of 2022, China’s market demand for pe particles was mainly based on imports, and the industry was in dire need of national production replacements. Since 2010, the company has organized laboratory research and research at research institutes, breaking through a number of technical and engineering challenges, from autonomous catalysts to product processing.
In September 2022, the company’s petrochemical 1,000-ton/year-poe test device was able to access the flow process and produce a product that was qualified. In June 2023, the company’s petrochemicals company, the company’s petrochemical petrochemicals, Ltd., recorded 50,000 tons/year-old ethylene tetra-octylene device to further secure the supply end of the raw material. In our view, the company’s self-research of the Poe technology was successful.
A breakthrough has been made to provide a good basis for subsequent industrial production, with the prospect of a convergence of landscapes in the photovoltaic sector, and the opportunity for companies to increase their prices for new energy materials. 4.2.2 High-performance materials: product applications have continued to widen and variability opportunities have emerged
Ultrahigh molecular mass polyethylene (uhmwpe) generally refers to linear long-chain polyethylene (LCM) with a molecular structure of more than 1.5 million per cent, but because of the size of the molecules, the ultra-high molecular mass polyethylene (MCM) has a much superior performance. In performance, it is more resistant to wear, shock, and durability than traditional high-density polyethylene products.
The study of excellent properties such as drugs, low water inhalation, no venom, and good applicability in battery diaphragms, defence force workers, high-performance fibres, medical, etc., with high-end applications mainly in lithium diaphragms and fibres, which together account for 59%. We believe that ultra-high molecular polyethylene, because of its special performance, is widely applied downstream, on the one hand, and on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand.
Substitution of products from the same application scenario can be achieved, thereby further opening up the market space for products and achieving supply-side boosted share of applications downstream of ultra-high molecular concentration polyethylene (%), with technological advantages ahead of schedule, company downstream multi-platform layouts.
R & D, the first pilot industrial production of uhmwpe diaphragm specialties in 2017, breaking the dependence of the product on imports, and achieving a technological breakthrough in the application of uhmwpe in the membrane field. As of the first quarter of 2023, the country produced uhmwpe resins with a capacity of 23.15 million tons, petrochemicals under the company had 20,000 tons of capacity and petrochemicals in Yonsan had 15,000 tons of capacity, total
The ratio of productive capacity reached 15 per cent and downstream applications were mainly applied in the areas of lithium diaphragms, tubes, panels, etc. In the area of uhmwpe fibres, the public-owned mechanized fibres company owned 0.33 million tons of uhmwpe fibre production capacity, with an industry share of 7.7 per cent. The company had a technological advantage in the area of uhmwpe materials and had applied layouts in various downstream areas, covering a wide range of uhmwpe markets.
By 2026, according to cncic, the main application of ultra-high molecular polyethylene downstream will be lithium diaphragms, which are expected to reach 47%. By the first quarter of 2023, there were only five enterprises in the country capable of producing lithium battery diaphragms, namely Selanis (Southern King), Yangzil petrochemicals, and Henanvo.
Sam, Srbon, petrochemical, and petrochemical. Due to the high raw materials in the lithium electricity industry, the industrial chain length, the complexity of the certification process, and the need for additional production capacity to enter the market, it takes a certain period of time, while both the company’s petrochemicals and petrochemicals can produce diaphragms, with a clear differential advantage. In 2020-2022, the rate of opening of lithium diaphragms continued to rise, supported by the demand for new downstream energy vehicles.
Lithium diaphragm production in 2022 was 10,467 million square metres, an increase of 49 per cent in comparison with the previous year, yielding 13,322 million square metres, an increase of 71 per cent in relation to the same year, the rate of start-up continued to rise to more than 90 per cent, and the supply and demand patterns of the industry were significantly tightened. In order to meet the demand for new downstream energy, the demand for the source car expanded, and the capacity of the additional lithium diaphragm continued to be added to the code.
In 2025 and beyond, 181, 10, 9 billion square metres of additional capacity will be available. We believe that the expansion of additional production capacity of the photolithium diaphragm below ultra-molecular polyethylene will be significant, and demand for upstream diaphragms will be strongly pulled, while companies, as a small number of ultra-molecular polyethylene diaphragm suppliers in the country, are expected to change the climate.
Carbon fibre, a high-intensity high-modulus fibre with more than 90% carbon content, is a high-end variety of fibres, mainly made of glue, thugs, aromatics, polyylamines, etc. with high temperatures. Carbon fibre mechanics are excellent, light-dry aluminium, but strong-dry iron, with high elastic modulus, high low-temperature, corrosion resistance, fatigue, etc., and are widely applied to wind power, body and body.
Leisure, orbital transport, pressure containers, among which wind power generation and sports recreation are the main applications of carbon fibre in the country, accounting for 36% and 28% respectively. Substitute spaces for national production are still in existence, and the company ' s big filamentary carbon fibre has broken through.
In recent years, as a result of the gradual release of carbon fibre from domestic production, our dependence on carbon fibre imports has continued to decline, but some high-end applications have not yet been fully opened, such as aerospace and new energy vehicles.
The petrochemical input and the driving of the country’s first ton-grade 48k large filamentary carbon fibre engineering plant have enabled it to move from critical technology break-ups, industrial trials to industrialization and nationalization of critical equipment, becoming the first country, the fourth country, with large wires, tons/years of silk, 12,000 tons/years of large filamentary carbon fibre.
A low-cost + light-quantified market. The company ' s 48k big filamentary carbon fibres can significantly improve carbon fibre monoline production and quality under the same conditions of production, while achieving low-cost production. Compared to smaller filamentary carbon fibre products, large filamentary carbon fibres can significantly reduce production costs, according to the publication of the “developementofacost” in Srinivasnunna et al.
The paper of the journal mdelfortheproductionofcarbonfibres calculates the production cost per unit of $35/kg for 3k filament fibres and only $11/kg for 48 k filament carbon fibres, and we believe that the low-costization of large filamentary carbon fibre products is expected to gradually break the application constraints associated with the high price of carbon fibre and drive the product forward.
In light quantitative terms, based on data from the operation of a high-speed train using carbon fibre composites compared to the aluminium alloys of the same module on line 18 of Shanghai's subway, “Blue in the Gulf”, it can be reduced by up to 35-40% in weight, and effectively aid trains can operate lightly in quantitative terms and reduce energy consumption costs. We believe that carbon fibres are lightly quantified products.
There will be an alternative to traditional metal materials, which will drive new demand generation from supply-side technologies, with product market penetration and depth expected to increase further. Figure 105: Cost of production of different filamentary carbon fibres (US$/kg)
In April 2023, at China’s International Plastic Rubber Industry Exhibition, China’s petrochemicals published a series of new products, including polyethylene, polypropylene, metallic polybutylene, polybutylene-1, new barrier materials, man-made wood, etc.
It is argued that the company’s ability to expand its market is expected to continue to grow in the future, along with the company’s ability to produce new chemical materials in new configurations, and that the potential for future growth of new materials or to become full-scale growth poles of the company’s performance can be released.
Non-oil operations have been steadily developing, with a steady overall increase in profitability. Sino-Plus-Easis Marketing Co. Ltd. is China’s petrochemical non-oil major. In terms of its business performance, the profit-making contribution of Easiers has increased steadily in recent years. In 2022, the company’s non-oil business generated revenues of $38.1 billion, an increase of 7.6 per cent over the same period, with an average single shop earning an annual increase of 13.604 million yuan, an increase of 8.56 per cent over the same period; non-oil.
By contrast, China’s petrochemical group creates a unique new retail competitive advantage. The country’s network of gas stations is characterized by a strong presence of channels and zones. As of 2022, the country had 28,000 shops, accounting for 25.58% of the total market of convenience stores. The number of stores is second in the country’s chain of retail convenience stores.
China's petrochemical gas station has a wide audience, and companies are promoting customer management, continuing to build new online marketing practices, building a unified national membership operating system through online and platform-based management mechanisms, reaching over 140 million members in 2022, of whom over 47 million are members, and a total of 5481 million in platform transactions.
In our view, easy brands have a unique channel and location advantage, with a wide audience of products, and companies are constantly pushing on to crowd management, increasing corporate brand value and profit security. Figure 108: Distribution of retail convenience stores in China in 2022 (one)
In September 2022, China made it easy to publish the "Four Strategic Projects" (Four Strategic Projects) to create human-car-life eco-circles, focusing on the development of 60 billion product categories, including tobacco, environmental protection, alcohol, oil, automobiles and related supplies, water and water. In retail, easy coffee was introduced in 2019, combining local specialty and poverty alleviation products; in 2022.
With regard to the coordination of automobile services, 9313 car services were developed, with 5263 networked car washing machines, with a car sales value of $1 billion in 2022, an increase of 60%. In the case of catering, it was easy to combine the supply of gas stations with a “breathing road” operation.
Recruiting, adding 167 new catering projects, creating niche shops such as local features, fresh maps, etc., will continue to enhance the value of easy new consumer goods. According to China's Values Information 2023, China's petrochemical and fast brands are worth up to $20.7 billion, ranking among the top of China's retail trade brand values.
The potential for non-oil performance contributions is expected to be released. Diversified development empowers new economic business breakthroughs. 11 new economies under the corporate umbrella, including easy-to-be, easy-to-be, etc.
Sub-brands, with industrial layout covering areas such as e-commerce, lubricating oil, brand asphalt, green gasoline, oil treasures, mineral water, etc., where easy-to-reach platforms continue to optimize electronic commerce city functions. As of 2022, easy-to-reach clients had 784 million online commodities and 1,102 platform enterprises had “free-to-do” services, with transactions amounting to $557.8 billion and online payments amounting to $117.8 billion
In addition, the company ' s new economic operations, which are supported by such products as the Great Wall lubricant and the East China Sea titanium, are continuously enabling, promoting the upgrading of the quality of the company ' s non-oil and technology-led and listed companies to enhance the internal dynamics of development and the valuation of the 5.1 technology-led enterprise objectives, and developing and investing in the continuous growth of the internal dynamics of the company.
In 2022, the company spent 22.510 billion yuan on R & D, an increase of 6.7 per cent over the same period. In terms of the transformation of R & D results, 40 years after its establishment, the group has accumulated more than 100,000 patent applications, more than 60,000 grants and received a national award for technological inventions.
78 National Science and Technology Progress Awards, 385 of which cumulatively completed more than 200 major packages of technology industrial transformation, created a strong research and development base and technological reserve for companies in the whole industry chain. Research institutes were set up to provide innovative support for the industrial chain.
Research and development institutions and more than 50 research institutes belonging to enterprises, covering a wide range of fields such as exploration and development, research technology, engineering and petrochemical technology, have laid a solid technological foundation for the development of the company's entire industrial chain. In terms of the staffing of researchers, companies have a high-quality research team, the number of researchers has increased steadily over the last five years, and in 2022 they had 6354 researchers.
We believe that China’s petrochemical history, after 40 years of technological deposition, continues to march in the fields of oil and gas exploration, oil refining and chemical engineering, and major engineering equipment, and continues to make breakthroughs in areas such as upstream production, downstream cleaning, oil products, and research and development of new chemical materials, which significantly enhances the potential of companies to improve efficiency and optimize costs.
Scientific research institute Name Scientific research technology direction: The sea-level layer is a technology for oil and gas production theory and resource evaluation, complex carbonate rock reservoir development, and five other technologies, China Petroleum Chemical Co. Ltd. Oil Exploration and Development Research Institute
8 series of unique technologies: ethylene technology, synthetic resin technology, synthetic rubber technology, chemical and environmental technologies, organic and fine-tuning, Beijing Chemical Research Institute, China Petroleum Chemical Co. Ltd.
In recent years, the group has continued to promote innovation and science and technology reform, focusing on the multi-dimensional aspects of the reform of the marketization of scientific institutions, the transformation of the industrial transformation of research results, and incentives for the marketization of research and development personnel.
At the end of the same year, the State Finance Committee of the Council of State, “Scientific Model Enterprises”, piloted by the North Chemical Institute and the Institute of Social Welfare, launched a pilot operation in all eight direct research institutes, completed a reform programme for “sub-branch conversion”, deepened market-based reforms, and innovated endogenouss. In the area of industrial transformation of scientific research results, the China PIC Group has been implementing the Ten Dragons Science and Technology Initiative since 1991.
By breaking the boundaries of units, teams, professions, and concentrating on scientific research, engineering, production, equipment manufacturing, engineering, etc., efforts have been made to create an autonomous innovation and transformation path. To date, the group has cumulatively completed more than 200 major technological packages of industrial transformation.
In terms of incentives to market R & D personnel, the Group has developed the " Observations on Strengthening the Establishment of Incentives for Science, Technology and Innovation " , which sets out 22 policy measures in five areas, namely, performance appraisals, wage support, and the systematic construction of mechanisms to guarantee incentives for science, technology and innovation. We believe that the Group has continued to advance the Science and Technology Section.
Deepening reforms can effectively stimulate the innovation capabilities of R & D personnel, continuously enhance the market-based effectiveness of R & D results, and further boost efficiency gains in upstream up-to-date oil and gas storage and downstream processing of the oil and chemical industry chain. 5.2 Business reforms are more elastic and low valuations are more flexible.
In 1983-1998, in the context of China’s reform of the petrochemical industry, China’s general petrochemical company was established and opened the market economy of decentralization and general contracting of the country.
Lines: During times of difficulty in building finance, reforms have opened up market-based financing channels to achieve early practice of institutional reform of investment by enterprises. The 1998-2013 establishment of a market-based competitive position for companies has resulted in the consolidation of a large number of high-quality domestic and foreign petrochemical assets and successful access to capital markets, both within and outside the country.
In the course of the year, the group entered a deep-water transformation, restructuring the company ' s industrial chain up and down, strengthening science, technology and innovation, breaking down institutional barriers, stimulating workers ' potential, and pushing the company into a high-quality development phase. We believe that the process of reform of the group was adapted to the historical processes of different times, with early company asset consolidation, market economy reforms, etc.
The cornerstone of good development has been laid, with companies deepening market-based reforms in recent years, emphasizing innovation-driven and high-quality development strategies, breaking down institutional barriers and stimulating market dynamism, and further strengthening the core competitiveness of the fossilized poles. 2013-2023:
3) Strengthening the drivers of innovation: optimizing the allocation of scientific and technological resources, achieving synergy and open innovation, highlighting the results of scientific inputs, exploring the benefits of creating innovation, building a world-class energy chemical company, 4) deepening the reform of State-owned enterprises: delineating 80 specific tasks for deepening the reforms, implementing them on a case-by-case basis, breaking down institutional barriers, stimulating the dynamism of the workforce,
The Sroe level is better than the energy sector as a whole, and following the launch of the three-year action programme for the reform of State enterprises in 2020, companies have continued to deepen and change, and Roe has shown a marked improvement: international oil prices rose sharply in 2022 as a result of the geopolitical conflict, demand was limited in the context of the build-up of the epidemic, and company Roe levels have fallen, but still outpaced the average for the whole industry and the country.
The overall level of industry and energy, with a market net rate, reached a relative historical low in 2022. We believe that companies’ continued deepening reforms have been effective, capital returns have been excellent, while valuations are still not fully reflected in the market, and companies have a higher investment value than industry and market-widea performance.
The company maintains a robust shareholder return, and after deepening its reforms in 2020, its shareholders ' shares a, h and offshore hydrocarbon companies ' dividends are at a collection price on 31 July 2023, China ' s petrochemical a and h shares are 5.73 and 9.24 per cent, respectively, in 2022, which is the highest in the category of "three barrels of oil" in terms of historical dividends.
China’s petrochemical system reform has continued to deepen since the adoption of the Three-Year Action Programme for the Reform of State Enterprises in 2020-2022.
Business restructuring has become a key initiative for further corporate reform, covering a wide range of areas, including major business restructuring, regional integration restructuring, professionalization, and restructuring. In the context of major business restructuring, in May 2023, the company completed a group on the petrochemicalization and long-range refining of the country, the formation of the China-Pulsified Lake South petrochemical company, and the “older” and “lower up” production capacity, further upgrading the refining industry.
In the context of regional integration restructuring, at the end of 2020, the central smelting absorbed the integration of the Yangtze River, further optimizing the allocation of resources. In the context of professional restructuring, the Sino-Plus Group formed the China-Pulsification and Latitude Company, moving exploration and development operations towards specialization, high-end, and increasing the capacity of the company to produce more. In addition, the Sino-Pulsification Group has developed and built on low-performing assets.
A platform for asset transfer, internal rental, non-reimbursable transfer and transfer of company idle assets, transfer of property rights to inefficient assets that are not in line with the corporate development strategy, and further upgrading of management operations. By the end of 2022, the Sino-Plus Group had cumulatively completed 53,000 transfers of internal assets.
Ministry integration, reduction of related transactions and improvement of management efficiency; on the other hand, with the gradual exit of inefficient assets, reduction of the operating burden on companies, effective control of management operating costs and increased corporate efficiency, the company is expected to bring about a higher horizontal comparison of 5.3 “three barrels of oil” with each company's value.
The “one-sift-five” increases the efficiency gains and the fossilized taps rise to high-quality development opportunities. In 2023, the National Investment Commission convened a meeting of central corporate corporate bearers, which identified the central enterprise “one-fifth” goal for 2023 as a “one-and-a-half-sift” increase, which is to ensure that total profits increase faster than the national gdp increase; the “one-stable” or asset-liability ratio is stable at about 65%; and “four-square”
Increased net asset rate of return, intensity of investment in research and development, full labour productivity, and operating cash ratio by four indicators. Compared to the two-savvy system in 2021, the “one-savvy” system replaces the net profit indicator with the net asset rate of return and the turnover indicator with the operating cash ratio, which places greater emphasis on the business's value-producing shareholders.
Capability, which effectively promotes central firms to pay more attention to the security of cash flows and enhances their ability to sustain investment. In our view, the “one-for-five-per-cent” policy imposes new demands on petrochemical companies to improve their quality of operations, while at the same time paying attention to safeguarding shareholders' return on investment, with China's oil, China's petrochemicals, and China's sea oil as my own.
China’s petrochemical profitability is robust, and its resilience to risk is high. The profitability of oil price volatility is a typical performance advantage of China’s petrochemicals.
The net asset yields of the company are at the median level of “three barrels of oil”, with a more robust overall performance, influenced by geopolitics in 2022, a sharp rise in international oil prices, a downward pressure on the cost of the company’s downstream refining of the oil industry, leading to a decline in net return profits, a slight decline in Roe’s performance, but a stable overall profit performance and a strong resistance to risk.
Capital spending increases competitiveness, and the ability of people to generate income continues to improve. While firm capital spending is below the level of oil in absolute terms, the firm has continued to increase capital spending in recent years, reaching $172.5 billion in 2022, a year-on-year increase in capital spending, which continues to increase the company’s competitiveness in the entire industrial chain.
The reform of the system of management of the total number of employed workers has continued, China's petrochemical managers have withdrawn, the rate of marketization of workers has increased considerably, and labour productivity has become an important test for the “one-for-five-per-cent rate” of China's companies. In 2022, the rate of labour productivity in China was 8.85 million yuan per person, a 25 per cent increase in the same year, with a marked increase in the income-generating capacity of the population.
5.3.1 Upstream: The company has achieved significant productivity gains and effectively compensated for weak resource endowments. Since the 13th Five-Year Plan, the company has continued to scale up its seven-year operation, with a continuous increase in its crude oil stock replacement rate, in addition to the extremes of the new crown epidemic in 2020, and its reserves have been secured
In 2022, the crude oil stock replacement rate reached 188.31%, which is still evident against a background of weak resource endowments, and is inextricably linked to continued breakthroughs in upstream exploration and development technology, continued capital investment, and future reforms of mining rights, rational resource allocation of high-quality blocks, and the release of the company's upstream plates.
Figure 127: crude oil production of “three barrels” in 2010-2022 (millions of barrels) Figure 128: natural gas production of “three barrels” in 2010-2022 (billions of cubic feet) Figure 129: crude oil stock replacement rate of “three barrels” in 2010-2022 (years)
Figure 130: Subsistence rate for “3 barrels of oil” natural gas reserves, 2010-2022 (year) Figure 131: “3 barrels of oil” crude oil reserves, 2010-2022 (year)
From the point of view of the size of the refinery, we compare China’s petrochemicals with China’s oils, and China’s petrochemicals to China’s 10 million tons of oil. China’s petrochemical oil refining capacity amounts to 277, 2.3, and 0.52 million tons, respectively, of which China’s petrochemicals account for 50%.
For 214 million tons, or 77% of the company ' s refining capacity; for China ' s oil-rich million tons, there are 13 such plants, totalling 155 million tons, or 68% of the company ' s refining capacity. China ' s petrochemical plants have a more significant advantage in terms of their locationalization and scale. In addition, China ' s petrochemical industry has actively promoted the upgrading of the refinery, with 7 in 2023.
The refinery is in the process of being upgraded, and once it is completed, it is expected that the company's overall refining efficiency will increase again, further enhancing the efficiency of the company's refining, and that the oil precipitation will increase significantly, in line with the long-term energy transition. According to the “145” Development Guide for the Petroleum and Chemical Industry, published by the Petroleum and Chemical Industry Planning Institute, during the “145” period, the country will continue to promote the “down” of oil refining enterprises.
In 2022, China’s petrochemical oil harvest fell from 63% to 58% in 2022, while China’s oil harvest fell from 69%.
In response to the downward trend in the consumption of long-term finished oils, China's petrochemicals have continued to promote a forward-looking strategy to increase the production of oil, with lower levels of oil harvests, which are more conducive to the development of refined and high-end downstream routes, and to the structural improvement of refined oil-chemical products, thus laying a good foundation for the company's base industry, which is growing rapidly.
Figure 134: China ' s petroleum and China ' s petrochemical oil production in 2018-2022 (million tons) Figure 135: China ' s petroleum and China ' s petrochemical oil harvest in 2018-2022 (%) Figure 136: China ' s petroleum and China ' s petrochemical ethylene production in 2018-2022 (million tons)
Figure 137: China ' s petroleum and China ' s petrochemical production (millions of tons) from 2018 to 2022. Innovative technologies continue to break through, stimulating the potential for market-based competition.
New material plate capital expenditure was 41,771 million yuan, a decrease of 23 per cent in the same year; China ' s petrochemicalization was 81.5 billion yuan, an increase of 10 per cent in the same year. International oil prices rose significantly owing to geopolitical influences in 2022, and China ' s higher-than-anticipated capital spending on upstream oil led to a reduction in capital expenditure on refining plate, but China ' s petrochemical capital spending continued to intensify in downstream areas, consolidating the refining industry.
In terms of R & D effectiveness, petrochemical patents have been increasing in recent years, while oil in China has declined. In terms of patent type distribution, the distribution of Central and Central petrochemical patents is concentrated in the areas of catalysts, reactors, catalytic fission, but in terms of the distribution of patents of each type, China's petrochemicals hold the patent rate for chemical technology.
In our view, the company has continued to increase its payroll costs for downstream refining and has achieved good results, and China’s petrochemicals are expected to continue their technological breakthroughs in the future, further stimulating the potential for market-based competition. Figure 140: 2022 China’s petroleum and petrochemical patent concentration areas
Profit forecasting, valuation and investment rating 1, Price: Taking into account the diminished influence of subsequent geopolitical factors, we assume Brent prices for 2023-2025 are $85, 90, 90/b. The prices of crude oil and natural gas are based on Brent oil prices.
Production: In accordance with the SCP strategy, and taking into account the continuing breakthroughs in the company ' s upstream oil and gas mining technology, we assume that the cost of the operation in SCP comprises mainly production costs (other than taxes), depreciation amortization and impairment, taxes and three additional items, of which the cost of barrel oil production (other than taxes), barrel oil taxes and two additional items remain highly relevant to oil prices.
The depreciation amortization of barrel oil is more stable, as forecasted by tar prices.1 Prices: finished oil, chemical light oil prices are projected on the basis of historical market prices and trends in Brent oil prices.2 Production: Based on historical data, assuming a small increase in crude oil processing in 2023-2025, the overall rate of harvest of finished oil has remained stable.
3. Cost: Determination of future refining plate Māori based on historical oil prices in relation to the return of single tons of Māori data on refined plates, and further projections 1. Prices: ethylene, synthetic resins, synthetic rubber, synthetic fibre monomer and polymers, and spreads in synthetic fibres. Roots Determination of future chemical products based on projected price differentials and Brent oil prices, taking into account the relative weakness of land end demand in 2023.
Singles and polymers, synthetic fibre differentials benefit from the recovery of demand and the replenishment cycle, and the 2023-2025 price differentials are projected to continue to warm.3 Cost: The future chemical plate is determined by the historical oil price and the one-ton Māori data regression of the chemical plate, and then projected 1. Price: The historical industry zero differentials are projected for 2023-2025, combined with the refined oil.
The average realized price forecast for the plate determines the price of the finished oil market and distribution plate, of which the zero price differential for petrol, diesel batches was relatively stable in 2023-2025, benefiting from a recovery in domestic demand such as air routes, tourism and so on, and the zero price differential for sea-based coal batches has steadily increased.2 Production: Assuming that the company's total gasoline output for the refined plate is sold, and assuming a steady increase in the sale of finished oils by category in 2023-2025.
Cost: Assuming that the price of refined oil products is the cost price of marketed distribution plates. Profit forecasting, valuation and investment rating Upstream exploration development, supply-side elasticity gradually weakening and demand-side recovery, international oil prices or high shocks,
For the refining industry, the cost-side oil price is running steadily, downstream demand is being repaired continuously after the epidemic, residents travel and end consumption are warming, and the refining boards are expected to move up the profit center. For the marketing and distribution of the plates, the residents are returning to warmth, the infrastructure works are being continuously repaired, and the finished oil is being repaired.
Consumption remains strong, corporate marketing and distribution plates are profitable and risk-resistant, and profit contributions are still expected. I am 6.44, 5.88 times, and China ' s petrochemical shares are 5.45, 4.13, 3.77 times lower than the industry average, respectively. Given the strong advantages of corporate integration, higher volatility in the price of oil, strong industry leadership, and the company ' s continued increase in capital spending.
Risks of sharp fluctuations in crude oil prices, underproduction of additional reserves, and risk of excess national refining capacity
4. Overstretched risks for the consumption of finished oils by new energy vehicles
Hwang Ming, Doctor, University of Mines of China, registered consulting (investment) engineer, deputy general manager of the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, member of the China Society of Geology and Mineral Economy, member of the China International Engineering Advisory Corporation ' s pool of experts, member of the China Price Association ' s Coal Prices Select Committee and former member of the China Coal Industry Association
The Deputy Director of the Sectoral Advisory Service (which chaired the workshop) has been involved in research and advisory work in coal and energy-related fields for over a decade. He has chaired the 13th Five-Year National Project on Coal Survey and Development, the revision of the coal industry technology policy and enterprise-related advisory studies. He is responsible for research in the coal sector in June 2016. He is responsible for research on the coal sector.
Liu Hong Guang, a doctor from Beijing University, and a member of the Central and Professional Committee of the China Society of Environmental Sciences on carbon peaks. He was an expert and assistant to the China Institute of Technology on petrochemical economy and led a study on medium- and long-term projections of energy consumption, and the editor-in-chief published and published China Energy Outlook 2060; completed a study on “Cultural carbon peaks and implementation pathways” in the petrochemical industry and participated in the national ministry's oil and gas industry planning, the construction of a new energy system, and the development of a new energy system.
In March 2023, he joined the Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research and research in the petrochemical sector. Hu Xiao Yi, Master of Economics, University of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, and Bachelor of Finance, University of Xinnan Finance and Economics. In July 2022, he joined the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre.
Liu Xing, Master of Arts, University of Hong Kong, Bachelor of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 to engage in petrochemical research, partly unregarded and unreconciled, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analytical or opinion in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and guidance in making investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and responsibilities. This report is made available only to the specific client mentioned above, and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in the present report are only dated from the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
A special notice may not be issued in respect of letters of credit securities for studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.