China's petrochemicals, the efficiency of the process, the energy industry, and China's main petrochemical business cover the whole chain of petroleum petrochemicals, operating in a market environment characterized by volatile oil prices.
International oil prices are expected to continue at mid-high, upstream exploration and exploitation operations or high-scenes; refining plates and chemical panels are expected to continue to boost efficiency gains and the industrial competitiveness of the main refineries is expected to increase; marketing and distribution plates are expected to be actively configured to provide “hydrogen uniforms” for new operations and fuel stations are expected to rise to “energy stations”
At the same time, the company’s upstream oil and gas exploration and exploitation operations have continued to be characterized by high temperatures, and the continued optimization of refinery and gas station assets has led to the integration of petroleum and gas exploration, petroleum refining, oil production, and chemical products from China’s main petrochemical battalion. Performance is stable.
At the same time, the company uses stock buy-backs, etc., to preserve the company's value and its shareholders, explore and develop plates, technological advances contribute to increasing production in storage, and efficiency gains increase profitability. As the “deep ground” moves forward and the theoretical technology of exploration and exploitation continues to evolve, oil and gas mining operations will have to take place in the future.
At the same time, the global oil and gas trade pattern has been reshaped, international oil prices have been re-established or maintained at medium-high levels, and oil and gas-mining plates are expected to continue with their high profile.
Since then, China’s petrochemical projects have been built or modified. In 2023, large-scale refining projects such as the Tianjinnan Harbour Project (phase II), the Tianjinnan Harbour ethylene Project, Hainan refining 1 million tonnes/year of ethylene and the refining of oil are progressing in an orderly manner.
In the future, with the restructuring of refinery products, the ratio of high-end chemical products has increased, China's petrochemical plants have gained an advantage in size 119,863.72 marketing and distribution plates, the number of gas stations has continued to grow and the retailing of finished oil has been consolidated; by 2023
Six months ago, China's petrochemical gas stations reached 30918, with a total domestic distribution of 92.47 million tons of finished oil, an increase of 17.9 per cent compared to the previous year. In the context of the rapid development of the carbon-neutral and new energy industries, China's petrochemical authorities have been active in setting up “hydrogen oil and gas uniforms” for new operations, promoting the upgrading of the gas stations to “energy plants” and using hydrogen as a nuclear source.
In the future, China's petrochemical gas station, which is based on a market price of 21 September 2023, is expected to upgrade its assets into a low-carbon transport energy supply network throughout the country.
Based on the high profile of oil and gas mining operations and the continued improvement of efficiency gains at refineries and gas stations, it is expected that the company Sino-Soldier International Securities Company Ltd. will qualify for portfolio investment consultancy operations
Risks of volatility in international oil prices, risks associated with changes in environmental policies, abnormal production installations, man-operated petrochemicals: risks to safe production from refining and trading failures, economic volatility, global economic downturns.
China Petroleum Industries Co. Ltd. (Chinapetroleum & Chemicalcorporation, sinopec), a leading industrial leader in the integration of petrochemical companies, China ' s petrochemicals (subsidiary: 600028.sh, Hong Kong border: 0386.hk) is a giant energy-chemicals enterprise that collects oil for exploration, exploitation and transport.
China’s petrochemicals group ranked second in the wealth world’s 500-Power industry in 2019 and 2020, and fifth in 2021 and 2022. From 2019 to 2022, China’s 500-strong company ranked first.
At the end of the twentieth century, China’s petrochemical industry faced a situation of numerous producers, inefficient production, intense domestic competition, and very weak international competitiveness. To remedy this situation, the Chinese Government undertook a comprehensive restructuring of the petrochemical industry, with production going up and down.
Geographical relations, which combine the formerly loosely organized China State Petrochemical Company with the former Ministry of Petroleum Industry, China Petroleum Industries Group and China Petroleum and Gas Group Corporation. China ' s petrochemicals is an exclusive shareholding enterprise of the China Petroleum Industries Group, which is currently listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and on the Shanghai Stock Exchange, respectively, with the controlling shareholder being the State Treasury Committee of the State Council.
As of 30 June 2023, based on the industrial chain, China ' s main petrochemical battalion operations can be divided into three main upper-middle- and lower-stream segments: upstream, mainly involved in oil and gas exploration, transport and storage; central and central tourism, mainly involved in the production of petrochemical products; and downstream, mainly involved in the sale of finished oils and chemicals.
In addition to being China's largest supplier of finished oils and petrochemical products, and according to a 2022 report published by China's petrochemicals, China's petrochemical aromatics production capacity is ranked second in the world, third in the world, and the refining capacity of ethylene is ranked first in the world, and the total number of fuel stations is ranked.
Mining: excavation, extraction of oil, oil and gas from the reservoirs to the bottom of the well and to the bottom of the well
Figure 4. China's petrochemical-related ranking of 1.2 fossil energy reserves for the main forces.
Our fossil energy consumption is more than 80%, and our crude oil gas dependence is still high. Our energy structure is still dominated by traditional energy sources. According to statistics from the National Statistical Office for 2022, coal accounts for 56.2%, oil 17.9%, gas 8.4%, and gas 82.5%. As of 2022, our crude oil dependence is 82.5%.
70.46 per cent of China ' s oil, China ' s petrochemicals, China ' s sea oils, and its role as the main force of China ' s petroleum and petrochemical industries play an important role in the security of China ' s energy industry. China ' s oil, China ' s petrochemicals, and China ' s sea oil production in 2022 accounted for 10.5 million tons of crude oil, respectively.
The total share of crude oil production in China was 51.86 per cent, 17.45 per cent, and 25.70 per cent, respectively. The total share of refined oil and chemical industries was China ' s core petrochemical business. In 2022, China received 5.38 per cent, China 35.62 per cent, China ' s oil exploration and production, refining and chemical plates, and 16.88 per cent.
21.49 per cent: China ' s oil and gas sales board accounted for 83.59 per cent of the total. China ' s petrochemical, oil and chemical panels accounted for a larger share of the total compared to China ' s oil and China ' s sea oils.
Increased exploration and development inputs, with China maintaining annual production of more than 450 million barrels of oil and gas equivalent in 2020-2022. At the same time, China's petrochemicals actively use overseas resources and strengthen international cooperation on hydrocarbons. According to official Chinese petrochemical statistics, by 2023, China's petrochemical fossilization was implemented in 17 countries along the “one-way” route on 31 oil and gas exploration and development projects with a cumulative yield of 364 million tons of oil equivalent:
The Yanbu Refinery, a joint venture of the State petrochemical and Saudi Arabian companies, has become a model for China-Sha cooperation, providing a cumulative amount of 129 million tons of clean oil.1.3 The global refinery champions, with robust growth in performance, have generated revenue of 3.32 trillion yuan, a 21.06 per cent increase in the same year, the net profit on maternity has continued to grow faster, and the net profit on maternity in 2022.
In a volatile oil-price environment, business performance has been stable. International oil prices fell rapidly in 2020, with Wti crude oil futures on 20 April 2020 at a negative settlement price of $37.63, as a result of the global new crown outbreak and the adjustment of crude-oil-producing countries’ production policies.
In 2021, the international crude oil market stabilized with the implementation of an OEC+ policy and the gradual recovery of the global economy, leading to price shocks, and in 2022, the geopolitical conflict in the Russian Federation triggered an imbalance in the global system of trade in stone energy and a sharp rise in crude oil prices. In 2023, international oil prices were gradually falling, but they were still in the middle. In the context of the volatility of international oil prices, central petrochemicalization was dependent on the industrial chain.
Research and analysis of the net market rate of China ' s petrochemicals over the past 10 years, which reached 1.74 times and 1.25 times in 2015 and 2018. Since 2023, China ' s petrochemical valuation has been significantly repaired, but it is still at a low level in its 10-year history. At the same time, the company uses stock buybacks, etc., to preserve the company ' s value and shareholders ' rights and interests. According to the company ' s August 2023 announcement, the company intends to use its own funds to pass through.
By 21 September 2023, the company had acquired 10,000,000 shares, or 0.01 per cent of the total equity of the company, through a centralized competitive exchange. In 2018-2022, the performance of the international oil giants showed a more consistent pattern of volatility, with the new crowning epidemic and the fall in international oil prices in 2020.
In 2022, as a result of the sharp upturn in international crude oil and gas prices, oil companies increased their operating income, net repatriation profits, and roe. The performance of China’s petrochemicals and China’s oil prices was less volatile than those of overseas companies such as Exxon Mabil, Chevron, and Shell, when oil prices fell.
At absolute low levels, China’s petrochemicals and China’s oils are still quite profitable. As oil prices rise to absolute highs, China’s petrochemicals and China’s petrochemical oils are less profitable than overseas targets.
Exploration and exploitation: increased production from reserves, reduced efficiency gains 2.1 Re-engineering of global oil and gas trade patterns, international oil prices are expected to remain at medium-high demand ends and global demand for crude oil continues to grow, but at a slower pace.
Oil demand will grow by 2.2 million barrels per day, reaching an average of 102 million barrels per day, but we believe that there is a possibility that the rise in global economic growth or further slowdown in demand for crude oil will shrink as a result of factors such as the policy of the Central Bank of Europe and the United States of America to raise interest rates, the continuation of the conflict in Russia and Ukraine. On the supply side, Russia’s production is limited, opc continues to decline, and the crude oil production in the United States is growing slowly.
After eight rounds of sanctions were imposed on Russia, influenced by factors such as transport power and substitution for buyers, Russia reduced its supply of crude oil to Europe, and its sellers reduced by 385.9 million barrels per month. On the one hand, the oil-producing countries, represented by Saudi Arabia, pursued a strong policy of reduction; and, on the other hand, the slow growth of oil production in the United States shale, the ability to regulate oil prices, according to weekly data published by eia, was significantly reduced, as of September 01, 2023.
Weekly, US crude oil production amounted to 12.8 million barrels per day, an increase of 700,000 barrels per day compared to 30 December 2022 and an increase in international crude oil supply. Figure 17: Trends in international crude oil futures prices. Figure 18: Trends in US and Russian crude oil production.
Figure 19. Trends in global demand for crude oil 2.2 Resource endowments in oil and gas fields, China ' s main oil and gas exploration operations in the upper petrochemical sector, company-owned branches in the upper section, and oil and gas resource coverage
Among them, the company owns China PIC as a professional exploration company; and the Victory Field Company, Chinafore Field Company, Henan Field Company, Jianghan Oil Field Company, Jiangsu Oil Field Company, Shanghai Ocean Oil and Gas Company, Huadong Oil and Gas Company, Northeast Oil and Gas Company, Southwest Oil and Gas Company, North West Oil and Gas Company, China North North