Lungi shares (601012.sh) were expanded to produce 5gw unit-priced batteries to speed up the high-efficiency battery layout.
On March 11, 2021, Lungi announced a further expansion of the 5gw single crystal battery capacity in the Bank of Sinagawa, with an estimated investment of $3.1 billion, with the project estimated to be operational in 2022. In December 2020, the company had invested in the expansion of 3gw single crystal-efficient batteries, and this time it continued to invest in the expansion of 5gw high-efficiency battery products to speed up the supply of electricity.
We maintain a business-wide lead in silicon-cell-assemblies. We maintain a profit scenario, predict the cost orientation of the company ' s luminous development, and the strategic direction for integration is clear, regardless of efficiency gains or cost optimization, and the drop is a long-term goal of photovoltaic development.
With the silicon and the component end, it is easier to speed up the battery production mix and integrate the whole silicone-cell-assembly chain. And, with the component and silicon playing a competitive role, the battery expansion is less difficult to deliver and leads together.
Since 2021, the high rate of growth in demand has led to a sharp rise in industrial investment, with silicon, battery, and assembly chains planning for larger-scale expansion.
This increase has led the industry to enter a phase of low-price competition, with the recent publication of a photovoltaic component head-manufacturer and a second- or third-line manufacturer, with a greater focus on new energy consumption in an era of parity, and with the publication of the Prescription Conditions in the Photovoltaic Manufacturing Sector (2021 edition), policies have guided new energy sources to increase the capacity of the industry to absorb and improve the quality of supply.
The company updates report - the premium buy-out of Sent avoids downstream waste and inefficient competition. Lungi shares respond positively to policy demands, increase investment in efficient products, and contribute to the smooth and high-quality development of the photovoltaic industry.
Corporate Information Update - Locking Cores again, Guaranteeing Supply to Highlight Headlines - Corporate Information Update - Locking Silicon Head
Silicon supply, integrated competitiveness highlights unquestionable -