The silicon taps lock in silicon supplies, and the combination of competitiveness highlights the fact that Lungi shares 601012.sh is the king of silicon.
On February 2, 2021, the company signed a silicon purchase agreement with Jiangsu, under the Paolíon energy flag, for a combined purchase of not less than 914,000 tons of silicon in March ~ December 2023, using a monthly bargaining mode with open locks. According to our statistics, the Lungi shares were locked in 2021 through the long list purchase model.
Some 250,000 tons of silicon were set at about 82% of the demand for silicon in 2021, and the supply of silicon in 2021 was strained at a sufficient rate to guarantee the raw materials, and the company accelerated the locking of suppliers and secured and stable supply chains were strained. And silicon production was significantly expanded in 2021, with an expected increase of nearly 100gw in capacity.
Silicon is a scarce resource, and silicon manufacturers have increased their locking on silicon. According to our statistics, in 2021, the industry silicon long-term lockdown was around 450,000 tons, 78% of the supply, the firm locking ratio is at a leading level, reflecting the strong supply chain management capacity of the leading firm; and the company is buying on a large scale.
* Upstream cooperation, downstream outreach channels, and integrated carrier competitiveness highlight the long-term goal of photovoltaic development, regardless of efficiency gains or cost optimization, which is being accelerated by manufacturers.
For example, Lungi shares have significant advantages at the end of silicone, increasing long single locks when silicon resources are scarce, and downstream components have quickly opened up market space through brand and channel advantages.
Corporate Information Update - Performance meets expectations, silicon-cell-assemblies are integrated into the whole industry chain, elements of competition are firmly captured across industries, photovoltaic carrier competition, integration champions are levelled off 2021.1.29
The strength has been increasing, and in the light of the global trend towards reducing new energy use, the dominant advantage has been highlighted.
Corporate Information Update - 6% of shares in high capital, leading the battle to an era of parity.