Q4 performance forecast for 2020 issued by the company, with projected net profits of $8.2-686 billion, with a year-on-year growth of q4, with net profits increased by supplementary materials, loss of exchange, impairment of assets, etc.
Dragging, ring drops: According to the Department of Energy, a total of 29.5gw was added in 2020q4 to the grid, even considering that some of the projects were not fully connected, we expect that the company ' s q4 components, silicon chips and revenues will continue to grow significantly. However, the price of q4 light-voltage glass was too high.
The profit margin ratio for the company ' s component business has declined, resulting in a decline in the company ' s net profit ratio for the q4 season. Moreover, given the rapid change in the size of its photovoltaic product over the past year, and the fact that the company acquired the Vietnamese photovoltaic at 1. Pre-collect, cash flow boom, supply chain advantage
20. 201112. Upgraded supply security for silicon, sharing upstream profits, centralized impairment treatment, which we believe is the first time that the company has reached the limit of 20gw for this year ' s performance forecast, the first time that the supply chain has been the leading enabler component industry in the world.
3. " Component operations are starting to work, with sustained stabilization of excess profits " , continued in 2021: according to pvinfolink, the company ' s components delivered more than 20gw, with the first global hit, with a global market share of the company ' s components in 2020 accounting for about 17 per cent (about 2019).
4. In the context of the persistent pressure on the supply of silicon, large-scale glass, the company ' s forward-looking layout at the end of the supply chain will begin to harvest over the past few years, with Merchant ' s component cities moving to more than 25 per cent in 2021.
"Continuing on the fast track of profitable growth - Ryu, high degree of certainty in overseas demand, increased incentives for domestic investment, gradual return in glass prices, component industry, better than expected: a large amount of offshore financing locked in last year's global low interest rate environment."
In the context of the high degree of certainty in building this year and the significant reduction in the expected rate of return on investment in photovoltaic projects for a variety of reasons, global demand and investor tolerance for component prices in 2021 will probably be better than expected, with the release of fuel prices, such as glass folding, gradually returning to a reasonable price, and the company component business in
In addition to the continuing high-speed sales, profitability is expected to show a recovery trend and a higher-than-expected performance. Silicon profits will shift in part upwards and downstream, but companies will remain healthy: the silicon chain against a backdrop of a single crystal silicon production that can continue to grow and will exceed end demand and silicon production capacity for the first time this year.
The transfer of excess profits to relatively scarce silicon ends is consistent with industry, but given the pace of production, production (8621) 61357595, the ability to climb the slopes, the withdrawal of old production, etc., the actual excess of the silicon chain this year is still expected.
Uwentian score, then averaged the final rating as average market investment