Performance meets expectations, silicon chips, double-dip champions, Lungi shares for the year 2020.
Overall performance is as expected, silicon silicon, components are growing faster, q4 is partially impaired and exchange losses are affecting the overall performance is as expected. Silicon prices have remained stable in the last four quarters, with silicon silicon prices of 158, 75, 166, 182 specifications at 3.15, 3.25, 3.9.
Four quarters are likely to be affected by loss of fixed assets and loss of exchange, with impairment of fixed assets and appreciation of the national currency. We believe that such impact is short-term: with the completion of the re-engineering of the production line, the company’s early capacity has been fundamentalized, it has been upgraded to the mainstream size standard, and the future space for impairment of fixed assets has been reduced; in terms of exchange rate risk, the company is already active.
With foreign exchange derivatives, exchange-rate risks will be effectively hedged in the future. Silicon supply is still better balanced with silicon silicon patterns, and corporate leadership will continue to prevail \triangleright
It is expected to maintain a tight balance of silicon materials throughout the year 2021, with companies fully locking silicon supplies through long sheets, but some of the new entrants that do not lock in raw materials may have limited capacity to deliver. Moreover, companies own the industry’s largest in-kind capacity, with a high self-supply ratio, so that the silicon chain as a whole remains in better shape.
A deep accumulation of technology and management has been created, with new entrants still maintaining a stronger advantage than new entrants. At the same time, support materials, such as active hot spots, may be expected to fall at a faster rate than expected in the future, and silicon operations are expected to remain at a better level of profitability.
\triangleright expands downstream, rapidly growing into a global hub. In 2021, components are expected to deliver 40gw above and continue to be champions. As the main pole expands, the future market concentration of the components will continue.
Upgraded. With a full-blown price parity, component price pressures are reduced, brands, channels, service values are highlighted, and future cluster business is expected to contribute more value. 58 times per (ttm) in the voodoo industry, the company is the leading industry, with a strong executive, supply chain management capacity and capacity.
This control capacity maintains a “recommended” rating. Photovoltaic machines fall below expectations, product prices fall above expectations, raw materials prices rise, performance meets expectations, and city share continues to rise.
The rapid growth in performance and the increasing advantages of industrial chain integration The forecast of corporate financial statements data is aggregated Bonds, East Wu Securities, and Chinese Securities, which were added to the civil security in August 2020.
Dinya, a multi-year photovoltaic industry research experience formerly employed in Solarzoom, New Age Securities, and joined the civil securities in December 2020. The author, with the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels, and that the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, seeking, through reasonable judgement and conclusions, objectivity, impartiality, and not being influenced by any third party.