The components leapfrog to the top of the world, and the accelerated expansion of their production is taking place at the end of January 29, 2021, and the output of the components jumped to the top in 2020, with an expected increase in the concentration of the components.
\triangleright Market Data: On January 28, 2021, a wave of bottom-up loadings brought the stock of Lungi up to 10 gw in four quarters, sorting out the data based on photovolt information.
The rise in intensity, the persistence of the strong, the build-up of global photovoltaic demand in the era of parity, the accelerated expansion of the company's integrated production capacity, and the continued strength of its leadership. According to our previous statistics, the company's single crystallized silicon/cell/assembly production capacity is expected to vary by the end of 2020, in conjunction with the company's expansion plan.
In addition, the company has published a series of extension programmes in four quarters, including the Rigang (10gw) silicon rods, silicon (20gw) silicon sticks and silicon chips, single crystal batteries (10gw), single crystal batteries in the new Western Aral region (15gw) and so on, to continuously expand the integrated production capacity, with the hope that it will become a strong leader.
In 2020, the company set up a joint venture with the Tonway Unit to lock in over 10.18 million tons of silicon per year, and signed a multi-silicon long purchase contract with the Asian silicon industry and new, large and new energy sources, respectively, and signed a multi-silicone long purchase contract with Fulette and South Boba.
The purchase of a long purchase order for the smoothing of the raw materials is fully guaranteed. 28th floor of ITC, 69th West Street, Taiwon City City, 28th Central China, West Side Street, Beijing City, 28th China.
International Centre, 7th floor, Shanxi Securities Co. Ltd., risk of changes in global photovoltaic policy; risk of price fluctuations in products and raw materials; and additional photovoltaic loaders
This report is presented independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I did not, for no reason, nor will I.
The person undertakes not to use the information available in his or her identity, location and practice for his or her own personal gain or for that of another person.