The company expects to achieve a net return profit in 2020.
q4 saw a slight decline in the q4 round of performance, due to impairments and exchange gains and losses.
We expect the company to deliver 23gw throughout the year, with over 22gw outlet, up by 200% over the year, which is more than previously anticipated. According to pvinfolink, in 2020, the volume of the company's component outnumbers the world for the first time and benefits mainly from the firm's deep global channel layout.
In the last six months, equities compared to the depth of 300, are expected to sell more than 50 per cent of their components overseas in 2020, and domestic markets are benefiting from a strong recovery in demand, a return to about 50 per cent of their domestic output and an increase in their volume.
More than 350% long. The company's integrated layout is deep, the long-slave advantage is to lock in the raw material and the supporting materials of the supply-strapped chain, and the company's Māori rate for the component chain is expected to remain above 20% in 2020, far from high, silicon is highly profitable, long-silica supplies are guaranteed, and competitive advantages are prominent.
We expect the volume of corporate silicon silicon in 2020 to be about 59gw, out of which 34gw (about 5.8 billion) was sold, an increase of 23.1 per cent over the same year, of which q4 was sold about 1.8 billion, with ring growth of about 14.7 per cent.
The industry chain is very low, with excellent bargaining power up and down, and we expect the O4 company monocrystal silicon is more than 30%. The firm has a strong competitive edge in silicon silicon, with some second-line plants with less competitive pressure on the company, mainly as a result of deeper corporate integration and downstream.
The market expansion of components has been remarkable, and the silicon chain pattern is closely related to the component chain. At the same time, the company’s industrial chain is prominent and strategically involved in Yunnantungwei, with the Asian silicon industry, new energy sources, secures a stable supply of silicon, which is expected to be the most in the larger upstream silicon supply environment.
For six months, we have maintained a corporate “growth” rating. Global photovoltaics have fallen short of expectations, changes in international trade, and increased competition in industry.
The author of this report, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces the report independently and objectively, with due diligence and professionalism, and ensures that the information used in the report is derived from compliance channels, seeks to reflect the author's research views clearly and accurately, and does not constitute any third-party conclusion.
In addition, any part of the author’s remuneration is not directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendation or opinion in this report.