The company announced two major procurement contracts on 8th day: 1) signed a multi-crystal silicon purchase order with Oci Malaysia, Korea, to purchase approximately 7.77 million tons of silicon during the 2021.3-2024.2 period, but
The current market price for silicon pre-estimated the contract amount of approximately $6.36 billion (excluding taxes); 2) signed with Fullet a long list of light glass purchases, agreed on an additional 27.86 million square metres in 2021 over the 95.92 million square metres of purchases agreed upon in the previous long list, and agreed on the purchase of 46gw components in 2022-2023.
The supply of core raw materials has continued to increase, with silicon, glass long sheet coverage being the first in the industry: based on a forward-looking view of supply and demand in the industry and enterprise development, Lungi signed silicon on a large scale from three years ago.
1. “Continued power of component operations, exchange rate, reduced value, glass sheets, 5 copies based on the company's production of silicon 90gw/component 45gw in 2021, with the current announcement that silicon/glass sheets cover 65 per cent of the company's raw material requirements for the year”
2. Pre-collecting, cash-flow surges, supply-chain advantages around, and higher than other components of the same-calibre statistics, the supply-chain management advantage will continue to dominate the city, with the expectation that silicon chips/components will continue to dominate.
“Improving supply security for silicon, sharing upstream profits, over-prospecting profits: Silicon and glass costs in single/double components at current industry chain prices amount to about 20 per cent and 17 per cent (one-sided)/19 per cent and 23 per cent (two-sided) respectively, and account for component cost structures.
The first two are clearly identified. Because of the mismatch between the rapid growth of end demand and production capacity in the middle and downstream and the longer silicon/glass extension cycle, the core raw materials of the two photovoltaic components began to appear significantly in 2020h2 cases.
Photovolons have repeatedly hit Davies, adjusted the supply to demand, and based on current demand outlook and expansion progress, this tight supply of and demand for core raw materials is expected to have a significant impact on the implementation and profitability of the component company's market strategy.
Impacts (detailed in our annual strategy report released in December of last year). It is particularly noteworthy that most of the glass production that is currently economically available in the industry, matching 182/210 large-sized components, comes from new production after 2020, and that this year's total supply meets only about 50 gw demand.
A high proportion of some new capacity is locked in, which will ensure that component companies fully earn excess profits from large-scale component products. We measure that the global market for components reached about 16% in Lungi in 2020, and it was the first time that a strong supply-chain security level would enable companies to move to 25% of components in 2021.
It is expected that both silicon and component operations will show a higher level of profitability. Uwentien scores, and then the average of the final ratings is calculated as the average market investment.