Proprietary acquisition of Sent shares, plus bitv operations, Lonki shares (601012.sh) proposed premium acquisition of 27.25 per cent of Sent shares, and enhanced business expansion of bipv
On 5 March 2021, Lungi's shares announced that they were to agree on the transfer of 27.25 per cent of the shares of Sent in cash, that the company would become the second largest shareholder of the Sent shares upon completion of the transaction, and that there would be no change in the ownership of the Sent shares and the actual controllers.
This acquisition will help to promote the convergence of business between the two sides, to make full use of the advantages of the Sent shares in building roof design and maintenance, and to combine the advantages of the Lungi shares in the production of bitv products with a view to building large public buildings with strong and strong alliances to boost the rapid penetration of bitv.
Sent shares are leading companies in the country's metal construction siege industry, focusing on the two main areas of “high-end metal construction containment systems + environmental protection” that are used for industrial and public building housing (walls) surface systems. The Implementation Opinion on Accelerating Green Building Development in our country sets out the goal of green building scalding development, and the metal containment system is going to be used.
And Pipv fully meets the above-mentioned requirements, while meeting the country’s “3060” development strategy. Lungi shares, combined with Sent’s strong shares, are a powerful boost to the development of the bipv, and slow down the lack of construction experience in the light-voltage industry, thus contributing to the rapid penetration of the product.
Bipv has a large market space, the “tops” are about to develop rapidly. The “tops” came down in July 2020, targeting clients like industrial parks, logistics, and so on, because of their superior working life, wind resistance, waterproof roofs, etc., the advantages of building materials are highlighted and precisely because of excellent machines.
The company update reports - again locking in the core, the "tops" can fill the roof, increasing the installation space by more than 15%.
New energy sources, which currently cover about 4 billion square metres of buildings per year, 5% of which use the product of bipv to reach nearly 20gw installed capacity and a wide market space.
Silicon Supply, Integrated Competitiveness Highlights - Corporate Information Update - Performance Matches Expectations, Integration Leads Matching Prices - 2021.1.29