\triangleright, third quarter of the year, company operating income of 22.8 billion yuan, ring + 49.1 per cent, year + 55.7 per cent; net parent gain
The company’s single-season net profits are rising at a high rate compared to the previous three quarters’ record best performance. In terms of revenue structure, revenue from the three main categories of fee-based operations is rising at a significantly smaller rate, net interest income is falling at a lower rate than the previous three quarters, and in terms of fee-based operations, brokers, regulators and investors’ revenues are increasing at a faster rate than the same time.
There was a slight slowdown; the credit business income was significantly narrower on a year-on-year basis. (1) In the case of self-employment, the financial investment ring grew by 7.1 per cent, with a single-season revenue \triangleright \triangleright
Net middle assets increased by 10.0 per cent over the same period, maintaining a high rate of increase, but the self-leveraging ratio did not increase by as much as the value of financial assets, but significantly reduced the ratio of claims occi, tpl/equityoci/claimoci by +17.9 per cent/-0.9 per cent for the combined debt index, respectively.
Accounts, self-employment rates of return remain more elastic; equityoci also continues to grow and is expected to expand self-employment (2) in brokering, with revenue from brokering operations of 25q3 nearly doubling over the same period last year, and a three-monthly round increase in the purchase of securities.
Quarterly brokerage revenues exceed 21q3 and have been newly high since 15q2, with the ring ratio +47.4 per cent and the same ratio +99.5 per cent, up 73 pct by 25q2 and up by 99.5 per cent over the same period. The stock base in the 25q3 sub-city has been reduced by a total of 164 trillion dollars during that period, and corporate brokerage revenues have increased significantly.
> (3) In terms of managing operations, 25q3 fund management income increased significantly at a similar rate, and the summer fund aum continued to grow. 25q3 company management net revenue was 3.3 billion yuan, ring + 13.1 per cent, year + 27.1 per cent, year on year 25q2 increase by 14 pct. According to ifind statistics, 25q3 end summer fund collection aum
A total of 2.12 trillion yuan, or 21.9 per cent more than in the same year, represents a net profit of 870 million yuan for the 25q3 summer fund, or +38.6 per cent more than in the previous year. The size of the management of the summer fund has continued to be repaired since 24q3, and the 25q3 net profit has risen significantly in the same year, providing strong support for the overall performance of the company.
>(4) In the case of investment operations, the size of the company ' s ipo and refinancing underwriting has increased significantly, with a steady increase in debt underwriting. > (4) In the case of investment under investment, 25q3 companies have invested 1.6 billion yuan, or 41.8 per cent, or +46.8 per cent. In the case of equity underwriting, the size of equity financing under 25q3a is 78.7 billion yuan, or the same amount.
+79.3%; of this amount, ipo/refinancing will be 26.5 billion yuan, 52.3 million yuan, the same year + 80.6%/ capital scale will be repaired steadily, and the size of the company ' s ipo and the scale of refinancing will be increased significantly. On the side of the creditors, 25q3 companies will be underwriting 569.99 billion yuan of various types of bonds, compared to 7.2%.
\triangleright net interest income of $500 million, ring +28.0%, which is a loss compared to the same period last year. 25q3 interest income.
The same scale of melting has also risen to an all-time high of 8.0% in the city; the purchasing-back balance ratio has declined, but the same ratio has risen significantly. A two-fold increase in size is likely to lead to a sustained recovery in corporate credit operations.
\triangleright Division, taking advantage of the opportunity of the equity market to continue to move up the balance between good and mixed, continues to consolidate the dominant position of brokers, managers, investors, etc., steadily expands its own income, gradually recovers its credit revenues, and continues to do so in the first three quarters of 2025.
Performance is robust, and the year-round net profit is expected to rise above its historical highs. Maintenance of the “recommended” rating. Figure 1: Cumulative operating income and rate of increase for SCM securities. Figure 2: Cumulative net profit and rate of increase for SCM securities
Figure 3: Business income and rate of increase for the SCM season, Figure 4: Net profit and rate of increase for the SCM quarter, Figure 5: Changes in the structure of SCM operating income
Investment gains from enterprises + net gains from changes in fair value; (2) other business income after 1h25 by new calibre Figure 7: Trends in central securities roa and roe Figure 8: Net interest rate on return of trusted securities, administrative rates and other operating cost rates
Figure 9: Size and speed of financial investment in SCM, Figure 11: Revenue from SCM brokering and speed of increase, Figure 12: Size and speed of purchase of SCM securities
Figure 13: Revenue from SCM operations and speed of increase Figure 14: Revenue from SCM operations and speed of increase
Figure 16: Size and speed of buyback of SCM securities, Figure 17: SCM market gain (pe) Figure 18: SCM net (pb)
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.