The company’s business is greatly affected by the neo-crowd pneumonia epidemic. The company’s long-standing competitive advantage in the fluorinated industry has been rising, but in 2020 the industry has gone down and maintained its rating.
The performance of the company declined considerably in the first quarter of the year. The company issued a quarterly report, which generated revenue of 3,333 million yuan in the first quarter of 2020, a decline of 11.58 per cent in the same year, attributable to the net profit of the shareholders of the listed company of $12 million. The new crown pneumonia epidemic has had a greater impact on the company’s operations. The epidemic has led to poor logistics and industrial chains.
Balance, weak demand in product markets, increased competition, greater difficulties in company supply, production, marketing, storage, and connection, resulting in a decline in production and sales on a par, and a sharper drop in product prices. First, prices for refrigerant products fell by 22 per cent on a year-on-year basis over the quarter, except for raw materials for fluorinated industries.
Prices of fluoropolymer materials have fallen by 23.5% over the same year, and prices of fluorinated fine chemicals have fallen by 45.5% over the same year. But prices of key raw materials have increased by 3.84% over the same year, reducing profitability levels.
The sales of fine chemicals increased by 111% on a year-on-year basis, and the sales of other products declined. The sales of fluorinated raw materials decreased by 31% on a year-on-year basis, while refrigerant sales fell by 5% on a year-on-year basis.
The company currently has more than 400,000 tonnes of refrigerant products, of which second generation HFC-22 is second in the country; third generation HFC is the global leader, and there are several HFC feedstocks, refrigerants, fluoropolymer materials, etc.
The building-in-progress project will be completed by 2020, and the competitive advantage will be further enhanced, providing a solid industrial base for top-notch international HFC-based firms. The advantages of the domain are rising, but the industry was downsized in 2020, maintaining an increased rating.
Sino-Soldier International Securities Company Ltd. Environmental policy relaxed and product prices fluctuated significantly.
Wang Haitao