Giant shares (600160) Chemicals at the bottom of the production landscape, waiting for industry to return to normal, Southwest Securities Research and Development Center.
Summary of performance: The company achieved business income of $15,595 million in 2019, i.e. -0.39 per cent of the year, and achieved a decline in the temperature of products such as refrigerants. Demand performance was weak overall, industrial output was increased, refrigerant exposure - 42 per cent, and self-supporting materials, methane chloride, trichloroethylene and tetrachloroethylene, respectively, were valued at the same price.
Compared to -18 per cent, -7 per cent, -10 per cent, -34 per cent, average prices of chemicals, alkali, vinyl amphetamine, 21 per cent, -22 per cent, average prices of fluorinated polymers, ptfe - 28 per cent, price of raw flints, same price + 6 per cent, sale of fluorinated raw materials by companies in 2019, 1.9 million tons (Yoy+22.9 per cent), sale of fluorinated polymers, 854 million tons
(yoy+19.04%), sales of basic chemicals, etc. 2.14 million tonnes (yoy+37.88%), sales of food packaging materials, industry at the bottom of the landscape, determined to keep a good eye on leading businesses. Low demand plus outbreak effects, 2020. Refrigerant sector warming delayed, and industry is expected to accelerate integration at the bottom, contributing to further consolidation.
In particular, the company is the domestic refrigerant leader, of which 2 is the alternative, the refrigerant is still a profitable one, with the company holding a quota of 588 million tons, the second and third generation of refrigerants, the competitive nature of the competition and the willingness of the industry to expand, while the company has a well-developed network of industrial chains, channels and channels.
At the same time, companies are accelerating inputs such as fluorinated polymers, their product structure will gradually be optimized to extend to higher value-added products, and overall risk resistance will increase as the share of a single business decreases.
The refrigerant supply as a whole is subject to policy constraints, the current 2 generation refrigerant supply is subject to quotas and the quota is decreasing, while the demand for air-conditioning replacement markets is still growing and can always be relatively profitable. The 3rd generation of refrigerants will also be managed in 2022.
Given the current level of competition in the three-generational cold-agent industry, which has combined the effects of the epidemic, the industry may accelerate its exit and market share will be concentrated. At the same time, high-end fluorinated polymers still have many gaps in the country, and there are prospects for future development.
1. Larger shares (600160) product collation Scenario 2: Māori rate for basic chemical industries dropped to 20%, Māori rate for fluorinated raw materials operations remained at 7%, sales of fluorinated polymers increased by 20,000 tonnes, HFA increased to 150,000 tonnes, and fluorinated fine chemicals increased by 30%.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.