The cyclical boom continues to increase production and sales, waiting for the new start of the leadership cycle, mega-stocking (600160.sh) 23/04/2020
On April 22, 2020, the company released its Annual Report 2019. In 2019, in the wake of the end demand downturn, the cooling industry went down, and the company's main product fell in terms of discounts and price hikes: 2019, real companies.
The refrigerant industry has accelerated the phase-out, and the long line is expected to break out of reverse. The current refrigerant market in our country is in a three-generation replacement period for second-generation refrigerant products: the second-generation refrigerant quota has been significantly reduced, four-generation refrigerants have become widely available, and manufacturers have taken up a three-generation refrigerant market share.
As a result of the catalytic effects of the epidemic, three generations of refrigerant competition and accelerated industrial phase-out, three generations of refrigerant capacity expansion are now at an advanced stage. In recent years, the market share of company production quotas of 22 generation r has increased year by year with the reduction and redistribution of total market shares and continued to add three generations of refrigerant to the countercyclical expansion process.
Yes. The company ' s well-structured, cost-conforming, branded and channeled industries have significant advantages and are expected to emerge in the future and take the lead in benefiting from the industry ' s reversion dividend, leading the entire fluorinated industry ' s reversion. • Structural optimization benefits, extension of the industry chain to the upper end of the value chain.
The company has the advantage of a complete fluorinated industrial chain, which will extend to the upper end of the value chain in the future. In 2019, the Division focused on the implementation of advanced chemical materials projects such as fluorinated polymers and pvdc, and fluorinated materials items such as ahf.
Capital and technology adaptation projects such as the SF3 refrigerant and its blending project, the FF4 11kt/a HFC chemical co-generation project, the new generation, the ten years of gold opened by the fluorine industry, and the upgrading of stock units, with fluorinated polymers receiving 7.15 per cent of the total from 2014
In addition, the company has been involved in the establishment of the Zhejiang Integrated Circuit Industries Development Company Ltd. to foster new growth points. We see that the company will benefit fully from the process of national substitution of high-value-added fluorinated products.