In anticipation of the cyclical recovery, the long line is expected to come out of reverse, mega-stocking (600160.sh) on the 27th of April, 2020.
• Short-term end demand is low, still looking for a better fluorinated industrial chain, maintaining a “buy-in” rating Q1 2020 report issued by the company: 2020 q1, low refrigerant end demand, downside industry, corporate operating income of $3.33 billion (compared to 11.58 per cent); net return to the mother of $1,190.41
● The accelerated phase-out of the refrigerant industry, with the prospect of a reversal of the lead, the impact of the Ncp epidemic, the decline in the production of air conditioners, refrigerators, cars and the impact on the demand for refrigerants. According to the National Statistical Office, in 2020, q1 produced 36.8 million air conditioners, domestic refrigerators, cars, respectively.
In March, logistics, rehabilitation, and 4.4.98%. The output of air conditioners fell by 20-30% in April compared to March. Weak end-of-life demand, refrigerant companies have fewer orders and refrigeration units are operating at a low rate.
Against the background of an imbalance in the pattern of demand, three generations of refrigerants have now entered the phase-out phase-out phase-out phase. The company’s second generation of refrigerant r22 has the second highest capacity in the country; the third generation of refrigerants has the world’s leading position, combined with small packagings leading the global market in refrigerants, and has been in reverse in recent years.
We're looking forward to industrialization of the fourth generation of refrigerants using home-grown technologies. We're looking at the firm industry as a champion, and we're looking forward to emerging in reverse, leading to a recovery in the fluorine industry.
The company ' s refrigerant industry is well-structured, cost-complimented, branded and channeled, and financially sound, with good cash flow and low asset-liability ratios compared to its peers.
Level operating capacity and built-in benefits, with future corporate industrial chains to be developed in synergy, will extend to the upper end of the value chain, while increasing production and sales will continue to wait for the lead-up cycle to begin.
9.83% of the year ' s performance is flat with the fluorine cycle. In the future, the company will improve the competitiveness of the production apparatus and the efficiency of the restructuring process through production capacity, company cover report - refrigerant acceleration, energy efficiency reduction, reduction, structural optimization, etc.
In a new era, the fluorinated workers’ dragons have opened the golden decade -- to optimize the layout and organize production operations. The bottom of the cycle is not pessimistic, and we wait for the new beginning of the fluorinated industry cycle.