Lee Xiaojun, 2017h1 net profit of 23% a year, continues to lead.
Looking ahead, we look at the huge markets brought about by rising consumption and low concentration in the soy sauce industry. The seafood industry, as the absolute leader of the soy sauce industry, has a clear pre-eminence, which is conducive to expanding the competitive advantage of other spices.
In the first half of 2017, the seafood industry achieved operating income of 7,438 million yuan, an increase of 20.57 per cent over the same period; net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies of 1,823 million yuan, an increase of 22.7 per cent over the same period; operating income of 3,427 million yuan per quarter for the second quarter, an increase of 24.88 per cent over the same period;
The net profit of the mother is $846 million, an increase of 25.15 per cent over the same period. In the second quarter, the combined Māori rate for the company was 45.1 per cent, the company was a leading domestic appetizer, with the company producing more than 2 million tons of total appetizers, and the soy sauce was the company’s main business, accounting for about 60 per cent of the total, followed by fuel consumption and sauce.
The market size of the class is in the lead, even in the absolute lead. Looking ahead, companies have strong brand and channel advantages, allowing them to continue to consolidate their current niches and do other new products.
At the same time, as a private enterprise, companies have flexible institutional mechanisms, with a total management cadre of 148 individuals holding corporate equity, directly or indirectly, and cash-based incentives for other front-line employees, which are conducive to adequacy.
In terms of industry, the food and beverages sector has been negatively affected by the slowdown in economic growth, but, compared to other consumer sectors, because of the cyclical characteristics of the taste industry and the absence of it, it is not.
With the impact of imports, it is expected that spices will continue to grow at a better rate in the future. At the same time, the flavour industry has a low concentration.
A strong marketing network, with expected future performance ahead of industry, is expected to do well. In summary, we expect the company to realize a net profit of $3.473 billion in 2017 and 2018, respectively (on the basis of expected remuneration (expected return; er), as follows:
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong), Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose.