A six-monthly report from the Seafood industry showing a sales income of $7,437 million in the first half of the year, an increase of 20.57 per cent in the same year; and a net profit of $1,823 million for the mother, an increase of 22.70 per cent in the same year.
Two-quarter net gains were higher than market expectations: 2q achieved sales revenue of $3.42 billion in the second quarter alone, an increase of 24.88 per cent in the same year; and net profit returns of $846 million, an increase of 25.15 per cent in the same year, with an acceleration of income and net profits of 10 per cent in the same period.
As the company previously restructured its marketing team in the East China region, the East China region is still in a lulling phase. But, according to the semi-annual report, the East China region’s business over the first half of the year has not been significantly delayed, so the two-quarters have been better than expected.
The price hikes are gradually showing, and the Māori rate continues to rise.
On the cost side, the increase in sales costs is more pronounced, both because of the lower base of sales costs last year and because companies have actually increased their sales costs since the third quarter of last year, 2q sales fees.
Since the beginning of the year, data on the total catering sector of social retail consumer goods have accelerated for the same period of six months. One of the most important costs of cooking is that of cooking.
At a time of glory, businesses with access advantages are the first to benefit, so we value the company's performance throughout the year. And, like the white and wine industry, the taste and taste industries are high-mori, low-turn industry characteristics, and their high-mori dimension will become increasingly apparent as consumption rises in the future.
In our view, the flavour plate has a high Maori and a high growth feature, and Sea Sky is a leading research assistant: Monszür, with a major failure in corporate governance, poor business performance, and a significant loss of market share by industrial competitors.
1. Yearly review of the seafood industry (603288): Four seasons of higher income than expected and achievement of equity incentive performance targets 2. Three quarter of the seafood industry (603288)
A summary of company financial statement data projections is Chen Baidu, Master of Technology Economics, Beijing Transport University, 2012 Allies Democratic Securities Institute, engaged in light industry and publicly listed company research. Menssoe, Bachelor of Science in Economics, Beijing University of Aeronautics and Astronautics, Fbba, Yangjiang Business School, joined in civil securities and food beverage research in 2016.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.