The seafood industry (603288.sh) The flavour fermentation industry.
The company’s basics (RMB) include revenue from the soy sauce business of $4,429 million, an increase of 19.95 per cent over the same period; and revenue from the aphid oil business, which grew at a further pace in the second quarter, with industry price increases and consequent cost investments key.
1. The company ' s performance growth ring of 2017q2 has increased again over q1, and we believe that it is mainly due to competitive increases and higher cost rates. The company was forced to build up upstream raw materials in December 2016.
This and the pressure on transport costs were the first to raise prices in the industry, with q1 at the market price acceptance stage. The benefits were from the fact that 16q4 companies did not press charges through channels, stock levels were healthy, and q1 sales were in good condition.
The q2 sales fee performance in 2017 was also an important backdrop for the growth in corporate income. As the best appetizers, the most obvious benefit is the reheating of meals.
In the first half of the year, the company continued to add up to the cost of sales, which is associated with the continuation of the title of sponsorship of multiple issues. The increase in the current period, in promotion fees and staff costs, was followed up by the main impact of the price increases, and by the current period of transportation due to adjustments in transport regulations and increases in sales.
In the current period, the management costs were better controlled by the company, which dropped by 0.94 ppt to 3.79%, while the financial costs continued to make a positive contribution.
The gross gross domestic product (GDP) rose by 0.81 ppt to 44.89%. Research shows that the company's share of high-end soy sauce is expected to reach 40% this year.
There are strong mergers and acquisitions in the company as a leader in the spice industry. It is expected that on several occasions the company has publicly expressed its vision for future development in terms of more products.
Breakthrough. On January 24, 2017, the company announced the acquisition of 70% of the shares of Jiang Dan and Vinegar Industries Limited for the production of the town ' s vinegar. We maintain the previous view that the company ' s expansion of existing products would probably take the form of an acquisition that would integrate the branding of new products with the established channels and marketing capabilities of the sea.
Given the current low concentration in the liquor, vinegar, and compound sauce industries, the consolidation of the department has the ability to obtain a significant market share in the new product categories, and future industrial integration is expected. The cost of raw materials fluctuates, food security risks are being incurred, and costs are being overestimated.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market: Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment
Long-term competitiveness ratings focus on the enterprise’s fundamentals, judging the overall competitiveness of the company over the next two years against the average value of the listed company in the industry.
The total net profit of the ticket is divided between the total market value of the rounded up on the day the transaction is reported and the net profit of the prior year.