High-end sales of soy sauce continue to increase and expect more outreach expansion initiatives. The seafood industry increased its net profits by 22.70 per cent in mid-2017 over the same period. The seafood industry (603288) issued its mid-term report for 2017 on the night of 14 and achieved revenue during the reporting period.
With $7,438 million in revenue, an increase of 20.57 per cent; $1.823 billion in net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies; and improvements in the continued increase in the company's Māori level in high-end sauce sales.
The company ' s Māori rate rose to 44.89% during the reporting period, up from the same year and at the beginning of the year, and the gross profit increase was mainly due to the fact that the overall sales of the company ' s products had been well received and the prices raised at the beginning of the year, particularly in the case of soy sauce products, which had increased significantly. Companies have been increasing the proportion and expansion of high-end products in response to rising consumption.
A breakdown of the exhibit products, which led to a steady increase in the sales of high-end sauce oil during the reporting period, led to an increase in the company’s Māori level. Companies’ sales costs increased by 51.61% over the reporting period, mainly through increased marketing and promotion of their products, and promoted branding and marketing of large items, such as the one-time branding of popular art programmes.
The prices of the company’s main raw material, soybeans, show signs of a fall in prices, which may lead to future improvements in the company’s profits. The company also completed the process of re-engineering the production capacity of the former plant, the first phase of soy sauce and the mini-taste during the reporting period, the Gang.
The construction of the Sou factory has been completed. The growing production capacity, combined with technological upgrading and scale effects, will also have a profit-enhancing effect in the future.
Products such as soy sauce and aphid oil have a higher branding of the country’s consumer population, and the consumer’s approval level is s07905141001. The company’s channels are extensive, deep, have a very high penetration rate, and continue to sink into vulnerable areas.
It is important to upgrade consumption, develop consumer goods, enrich the product system, and strengthen brand image for the young people of the age-changed age by means of well-known and popular art shows, and increase brand penetration of major products. Seaday has now become the absolute leader of the domestic market for soy sauce, but it competes with the foreign taste-team industry.
From this point of view, even in the stock market, open-source equity companies continue to expand their market share through competitiveness such as product upgrading and product-based expansion.
Urban Gate B, 5th floor, will be warming, and the spices industry will also be warming downstream, increasing speed. The company has already begun to diversify its strategy, adding a powerful channel capacity to the vinegar industry, and will further consolidate the company.
The status of a condicious conglomerate. We look forward to the company’s vanguard position in the industry, its robust operation, its powerful channel capacity, its future potential for higher-end new products and products to enrich the profits, and look forward to more of the company’s outreach initiatives.
Figure 1: The history of the seafood industrype Figure 2: The history of the seafood industry ps is presented independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner, with their own qualifications or considerable professional competence, as granted by the Chinese Securities Association.
This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not received, nor will I receive, direct or indirect disclosure of company-related information as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
(a) In the six-month period following the reporting date, the increase or decline in securities relative to the market benchmark index was defined as follows:
Underweight: Industry is weaker than overall market performance.