q1 shows good performance and looks forward to continued improvement: the company publishes its annual report 2024 and its quarterly report 2025. In 2024, the company continued its previous trend with a profit impairment.
The series of milk powders and dairy products and cold drinks recorded revenues of $17,479 million and $8,345 million, respectively, and continued the downward trend of the previous quarter, while powdered milk benefited from a 24-year-old upturn in the mouth and the upward trend of the previous quarter. 24q4 recorded a 31.00 per cent Māori rate.
Same-0.74 ptt, presumably due to a decline in the scale effect and the price of the product. Rates tend to shrink, with sales rates, management costs, R&D costs and financial costs
Loss of value. If the impairment effect of Ao Yu's goodwill is excluded, the operating profit rate of 24q4 is 2.68 per cent, compared to +0.12 pct. Therefore, the company recorded a net profit loss of the parent in the single quarter. 25q1 income is positive, the gross sales margin is higher, and the net profit of the deduction is higher.
25q1 liquid milk, milk powder and dairy products and cold-drinking products have recorded revenues of $19.640 billion, and liquid milk has been significantly reduced by the same year; on the other hand, the growth in milk powder income has led to a positive overall income. The ratio of Māori to Māori 25q1 is 37.82%, compared to +1.80 pt, which we believe is mostly hairy.
At the cost side, the Division continuously reduces the efficiency gains, sales costs, management costs, R&D costs and financial costs, respectively - 1.53 pct, -0.70 pct, +0.13 pct and +0.10 pct, respectively.
The company’s operating profit margin is the same as +4.11 pct. Thus, the company’s 25q1 net profit is higher.
Among them, the gold crowned baby powder has grown in double digits, the Sunda Stock Company has the fastest growing brand on the head, and the adult milk mills have been the first in the industry, and the market share has continued to grow;
At the same time, the company's forward-looking innovation, 24-year-old new product, Beijing City West Avenue A-127.
In 25 years, the company will add more codes to its functional nutrition and dairy products.
Profit predictions and investment ratings: light-loading, looking forward to continued improvement in performance. After 24 years of industry, companies have taken the initiative to adjust their channels and actively seize business opportunities, and 25q1 has initially turned. On the supply side, we believe that the industry's cow degeneration is now at its end; on the demand side,
Functional and structural needs are expected to contribute gradually to the warming of dairy demand. At the same time, the company is active \triangleright Zhao Ray, a master of food science and research, graduated from the Madison branch of Wisconsin University in the United States, followed by two years of beauty.
It covers dairy products (in-depth study of the shares of Elie, the milk industry of the Montagnards, the fine bluestore and the natural milk industry) and food additives (in-depth study of the Bronze Garden, Kabyo).
In-depth study of the petty food trade (in-depth study of taste-free foods, perchance ducks, brilliantness, trade-off foods, salt-salt-salts, kale-su foods, and so on) and in-depth study of the petty-food trade.
Grain fluids, Qingzhou cellars, Shanxi wine, tea industry, ginsakes, river shares, worlds of the world, sauce plates. Wang Xuejin, Master of Management, Cornell University, United States of America, B.A. in Economics + International Relations, Washington University, covering beer (in-depth study of Huayun beer, Qingdao beer, Chongqing beer), beverages (in-depth study of farmers' springs, Togong beverages,
Part of this is not relevant, is not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report. Sinda Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications of the CSRC-resumed securities investment consultancy business.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference in investment decisions for this category of clients. Both parties have strict agreement on rights and responsibilities. The present report is only available to the above-mentioned specific clients and is not intended for public publication.
The opinion and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report alone suggest that the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and that historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.