Iri shares (600887.sh) big impairments affect 2024 profits, 25q1 profits are good.
In the first quarter of 2025, the announcement was 33.02 billion dollars, an increase of 1.4 per cent, and 48.70 billion dollars, a decrease of 17.7 per cent, followed by a decrease of 4.63 billion dollars, a 24.2 per cent increase. In 2024, the demand for dairy products recovered weakly, with negative annual growth.
In terms of cost, the q4 Māori rate decreased by 0.7 to 31 per cent on a year-on-year basis and should be influenced mainly by changes in product structure (lower year-round benefit cost, Māori rate increased by 1.3 pcts on a year-on-year basis); and the current cost management rate decreased by 0.36 pt on a year-on-year basis, financial cost decreased by 0,42 pt, and sales decreased on a year-on-year basis
Prices of sales fell by 0.82 pct over the same year. 24q4 performance declined significantly mainly because of the birth rate and increased competition in the industry, with institutional investors accounting for the share in circulation a
The milk industry did not perform as expected, and companies reduced their goodwill by 3.04 billion. The total value of assets and credit impairments amounted to $5.23 billion throughout the year, except for Australasia's goodwill.
In the case of liquid milk, there is an increase in the income-earning bonus and the milk powder business, resulting in an increase of 1.8 pcts for 25q1 over the same period; and a decrease of 1.98 pcts for the reporting period, mainly due to sales costs, due to the maintenance of controls during the reporting period.
The rate falls by 1.53 pcts and management costs by 0.7 pct from the same year.
During the year, after impairment, the company will be light-loaded, the original milk price remains low, the cost is still high, and we expect that, as consumer confidence is restored, the demand for dairy will gradually improve, and through the maintenance of the health of the chain of care and the price of the channel will be stabilized, the costs will be raised more efficiently, and the base level will remain low for the entire year.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose.