The global vision opens up room for growth - the PHL 2020 performance forecast.
The performance increased significantly, mainly as a result of the high demand for engineering machinery and the marked increase in profitability The increase in the Māori rate of pump valve products was significant, while the company strengthened its internal management and the net interest rate rose significantly. In addition, the impact of non-recurrent gains and losses on net profits was approximately $52.38 million, mainly due to the depreciation of the dollar and increased exchange losses.
The demand for engineering machinery is strong, pump valves and motors, hydraulic systems are more expensive, and the volume of excavators sold in 2020 was 3,276 million, an increase of 39 per cent in the same year, and the rate of national production was 69 per cent, an increase of almost 6 pct from 2019.
(b) The increase of about 5 pct in the city of the excavator tank, accompanied by an increase in the national production of the excavator, on the one hand, and the competitiveness of the company ' s more competitive products, on the other, and the significant increase in the share of the city of the excavator pump valve, which, according to our calculations, has been accompanied by a scalding of the main plant; the industrial pump valve has also produced a full volume of liquids in the area of car suspensions and spin drills;
The pressure system has been fully quantified in the field of high-altitude platforms.
A review: Three quarters of performance, with competitiveness highlighting accelerated scale expansion. Globally, catching up with FDI, with great potential for future growth, firms continue to grow rapidly and are expanding in size, with anti-super-national firms in many ways, ranging from income growth to profit quality.
In 2019, the sum of revenues from Kawasaki and Kyb global hydraulics operations amounted to approximately $22.3 billion.
By contrast, the competitive edge and competitiveness of companies are evident. It can be expected that, with the company's improved line of oil, pumps, valves, motors, etc. in the field of hydraulic systems, the company will be able to rely on solid technology.
With the capacity to operate and be sound, it will gradually take up the share of foreign investment and even the future of the global market for high-end hydraulics, allowing for long-term growth.
Qin Ya men have vast import substitution space to maintain the company’s “buy-in” rating. Capital investment is not as high as expected, overseas customers are not expanding as expected, and overseas markets are at risk.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and, by reasoning judgement, concludes that the conclusions are not subject to any third party approval or influence.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the China CSRC, S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the C.I.S. The securities investment advisory business refers to the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and the provision of information, analysis, and forecasting by the institution and its consultants for portfolio investors or customers on portfolio investment.
And the behavior that was published to the client.