The accelerated process of production (1) was affected by the continued recovery of the capital estate, with 328,000 excavators sold in 2020, compared to 39 per cent in the same year, resulting in an increase in revenues from the company ' s dredging tanks; and (2) a general increase in the number of mainframe plants affected by the overseas epidemic
The annual increase in the market share of corporate pump valves is around 10 pct; (3) with product structure optimization and scale effects, it is highlighted that the company’s combined Māori ratio has further increased its performance.
(1) Excavator tank: The logic of growth that continues to grow with renewed demand for the excavator industry, artificial substitution, export demand pull-up remains unchanged, and we expect the volume of excavator sales to remain at around 10% in 2021 on a high base to provide stable demand for the excavator tank operation. Furthermore, with downstream mainframes,
The concentration of manufacturers has increased, and the company's share of the oil tank is expected to increase even further. (2) Non-scopic tanks: in 2021, we thought that we were warming from overseas awp demand, continued expansion of the country's awp plants, such as the States, the Ding and the Central Union, and that the new customers of the sea industry and the sea were well developed and new sources of energy were available.
The weather continues, and companies are expected to grow by more than 20 per cent in their non-square tank operations.  Excavator pump valves: initial validation of the main plant, penetration is expected to increase further.
The initial validation of the mainframe plants has led to a more definitive national production trend, and the epidemic has accelerated the process of domestication of the former pump valves. Currently, the penetration of the large- and medium-digger pump valves is much lower than that of the small-digger pump valves, mainly due to long periods of proof and limited capacity. With the continued expansion of the production of the large- and medium-digger pump valves, there is leakage of the large pump valves in the company.
Rates are expected to be similar to those of small digs (about 50%) to further increase corporate performance.  Unmarked, industrial pump valves: sustained activity, conversion of global hydraulic fluid tap upgrade valuations, non-bill pump valves, sustained closed hydraulic systems achieved full approval in the high-altitude platform area
Quantified support for industry q3 with industrial pump valve systems achieving full-scale production for the first time in the area of car suspension and dredging drilling, with strong performance growth and subsequent growth momentum
The company has completed a zero to one breakthrough, and is on the verge of a one-to-n breakthrough, and we expect the business to accelerate its release in the next two years. In addition, the international flagship development path, such as Raxler, will cut into the industrial pump valves, and continue by 2020-10-26.
General pump valves transform the company from China’s leader into a global leader, further improving valuation. Performance is over-expected, and the next growth engine holds a profit forecast and investment rating: we expect the company’s net profit for 2020-2022.
Sustained; Pump valve R & D sales are not as risky as expected. Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, already has a portfolio investment advisory committee