A strong base for beneficiary industries, a strong basis for corporate annual reporting overmarket expectations, a strong base for beneficiary industries, and an overmarket forecast for corporate annual reporting overperformance in 2020, mainly benefiting from strong growth in demand in downstream industries
The sales and sales of products such as product excavators, master pump valves have increased significantly, and the Māori rate has risen as a result of economies of scale and product structure optimization. Non-recurring gains and losses are expected throughout the year.
According to data, 32,760,000 excavators were sold throughout 2020, an increase of 39 per cent over the same year. The company ' s oil tank sales increased significantly as a result of the high growth in the engineering and machinery industry represented by excavators. At the same time, total equity/flow (million shares)
A significant increase in the market share of the pump valves used by the company ' s excavators, with 6-50 t-scale reverse motors already in place for the mainframe plant, total market value/flow (millions of dollars) modeled, bulk-packed platform for high-altitude operations in non-digger areas, car suspensions, swirling drills
Full production in the 12-month maximum/minimum area, accelerated import substitution of pump valves, accumulated advantage in the hydraulics area, moving from import substitution to global assembly: as high end liquid
The company has accumulated in product R & D, manufacturing, marketing services, and continues to benefit from a strong base.
The main advantage is that products are recognized by core customers like Caterpillar, Trinity, and Xu. Corporate Face - 2020/10/26 not only replaces imported products domestically, but sells developed countries and places like Europe and America, Japan, etc.
Over 20% of exports in the Engineering and Mechanical Industry (601,100) have accumulated a group of high-quality clients in the industry.
Industry research in the field is good at industrial chain research, especially in robotics and automation-related plates. Eight years in the financial sector, with representatives including Robot Trends.
The Centre, which joined the Pacific equities in July 2017, is good at capitalizing on investment opportunities. The Centre, which joined the Pacific securities in September 2017, is good at capitalizing on investment opportunities from industrial trends.
In July 2019, the Centre joined the Pacific Stock Exchange in an effort to study industrial fluctuations in search of certainty.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.