{\cHFFFFFF}{\cH002601.sz} Tradingbuy Inter-District Operation.
The first half of the year was under pressure to wait for titanium powder prices to warm, downstream property was slowly recovering, titanium demand was weaker, company-owned prices were falling, and performance was under pressure. The company was the global titanium powder leader, with titanium material in the whole industry chain, titanium powder and sponge production.
The company’s new energy module began to produce production last year, and battery materials have grown in size, complementing the industry’s main business, to create a corporate second curve. Given that titanium is still weak, maintaining the “inter-zone” rating.
The titanium powder was down and performance was under pressure: 2023h1 was down year-on-year, mainly affected by the fall in the price of titanium powder. 2023h1 titanium powder market averaged $15,492 per ton (Yoy-20%), titanium ore averaged 2015 yuan/tonne (Yoy-5%), titanium powder-tritanium prices were reduced, affecting industry.
The price of titanium powder is gradually warming. q2 single season, the average market price for titanium powder is $156.08 (Yoy-19%, qoq+2%), the average price for titanium concentrate is 2016 (Yoy-4%, qoq+0.1%) and the price for titanium powder is gradually warming.
Youy+25.5%, all self-service. The company’s annual self-sufficiency rate for titanium concentrates is expected to be over 60%, with a significant cost advantage.
The price of titanium powder has fallen, some titanium powder companies have issued price hikes, followed by the “Holden Gold 10” season, and titanium powder prices are on the rise, and the company’s profits are expected to recover. The Māori rate has fallen in comparison to the previous year, and the cost rate has been reasonably controlled: the downside of the price of the main product has costed the company Māori.
In the titanium chain, new energy materials help to grow again: the company is a global titanium chameleon leader, the entire chain of titanium, the vertical titanium concentrate, the horizontal titanium titanium, the current capacity of titanium powder production.
1.51 million tonnes/year with a titanium production capacity of 50,000 tonnes/year; and sustained growth in long-term capacity following projects such as 200,000 tonnes/year of titanium chloride, 100,000 tonnes/year of titanium chloride, 30,000 tonnes/year of high-quality titanium titanium technology, 30,000 tonnes of titanium transfer stage titanium II in Yunnan.
The company is actively engaged in the new energy industry, building the capacity of iron phosphate and lithium phosphate to boost the economic value of the by-products, using the iron sulphate by-product of titanite powder. The company has planned the battery material-grade iron phosphate project 200,000 tons, the lithium ion battery material industrialization project 200,000 tons, and the lithium ion battery with artificial graphite.
In the case of polar material projects of 100,000 tonnes, lithium ion batteries of 200,000 tonnes, electron levels of 200,000 tonnes/year, iron phosphate production capacity of 100,000 tonnes/year, graphite of 25,000 tonnes/year and graphite production capacity of 50,000 tonnes/year, follow-up projects have been steadily advancing, opening up a second growth curve for companies.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong), Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare this report is reliable, but the information in this report has not been independently verified.