Investment rating: buying (maintenance) .. company performance in the first half of the year is largely in line with expectations, and the real-estate market is likely to boost demand for titanium powder.
The titanium industry has declined, and corporate-owned titanium powder lines have fallen in profit. In the first half of 2023, the market for titanium has been weak, compared to 300 deep prices.
As the economic situation improves in the second half of the year, and the demand for the final sector warms, the demand for titanium will grow. Companies will benefit fully from the advantages of scale and integrated industries.
The advantage of the chain is to further reduce production costs, expand product structures and increase corporate profitability by insisting on integrated titanium industry chain layout, deepening resource and cost advantages.
In recent years, the company has continued to expand upstream and to promote the integration of the industrial chain. The company has acquired Sichuan Dragons Ltd., Yunnan Metallurgical Co. Ltd., New titanium Co. Ltd., KIMC Co. Ltd., assets of the titanium plant, and the Hunan East China Company.
Companies, etc., have been investing in the production of 400,000 tons of chlorized titanium powder per year, the 500,000 tons of titanium climbing orthopaedic ore upgrading conversion to chlorinated titanium slag project, the 300,000 tons of sulphur chloride per year of titanium compost green manufacturing project, and the 800 tons of waste acid pyrotechnic project.
The advantages of the industrial chain and the continued multi-product industry of the elements of titanium, zirconium, zirconium, iron, thallium, etc. will further enhance the profitability of companies.
In 2021, by acquiring 100% of Henan's new carbon materials, the company took advantage of its talent, technology, etc. to enter the graphite negative poles industry and to enter the new energy sector officially.
A project to produce 200,000 tons of battery-grade iron phosphate per year has been planned, a project to industrialize the production of 200,000 tons of lithium ion per year, an annual production of 100,000 tons of lithium ion batteries with artificial graphite-subpolar material, a continuous expansion of the capacity of titanium powder production, and a new energy industry.
Project on integration of non-polar materials with 200,000 tonnes of lithium ion batteries per year, 150,000 tonnes per year of electron-grade lithium phosphate, with 200,000 tonnes of battery materials per year of iron phosphate per year (phase II.2. Change of shares to achieve operational focus and update
Total 100,000 tons of iron phosphate, 200,000 tons of lithium ion batteries per year industrialization project (one 50,000 tons of lithium phosphate), 100,000 tons of lithium ion batteries per year with artificial graphite negative polar material 3. titanium powder production accelerated release, new energy industry
The project (a phase of 25,000 tons of graphite negative poles) and a project to incarcerate 200,000 tons of lithium ion batteries per year (a phase of 50,000 tons of graphite) are already in the production phase. The company will fully exploit the advantages of titanium coupling and “big chemical, low-cost” and the potential for profit is expected to increase further.
In the first half of 2023, the company’s main product, titanium powder, sponge titanium, continued to fall in prices and its performance was under pressure, owing to weak end demand in the first half of 2023. The cost of vertically integrated titanium industrial chains of companies accelerated the orderly development of high-end sponge titanium and new energy materials for lithium electricity.
The company’s second-growth space will be created. Given that the company’s main product is at the bottom of the cycle, (1) the company’s titanium concentrate construction is expected to be less advanced than expected; (2) the company’s capacity is released less rapidly than expected;
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.