Performance was smooth and product upgrading and out-of-town strategic results were significant
On April 30, 2019, the Ocean River Shares published annual reports for 2018 and quarterly reports for 2019, 18 companies achieved 24.16 billion yuan, or +21.3 per cent, of business income throughout the year; net profit on maternity was 8,115 million yuan, or +22.45 per cent;
The year-round performance was smooth, cost-rate control was excellent, the rate of increase was slightly higher than planned for the 19q1 battalion \triangleright controls were still excellent, and the cost of sales dropped significantly to ensure overall profit performance.
+5.1 +5.1 +5.5 %, largely in line with market expectations, the industry demand phase-down companies have taken the initiative to reduce pressure on channels by 19q1 companies to collect/repatriate net profits of 10.89 billion yuan/40.21 billion yuan, compared to 14.18%/+15.7% and 1.974 billion yuan compared to +505 million. Overall, 19q1 has a robust start, with a growth rate of +14.18%.
A slight increase over the year-wide growth target (+12 per cent); a slight decrease in the cost rate during the period, with a slight increase in the cost of sales and a significant decrease in the financial cost rate; and an increase in the certainty of collection due to the same ratio of pre-collected accounts to +505 million, combined with sales of the company's calendar year q1, a relatively low percentage of business collections over the next three quarters.
In 18 years, the price of tons of white wine sold rose significantly, with a sustained increase in the share of revenue received outside the province. In 18 years, the company earned $22.9 billion in white wine/red wine business, or $10.7.52 million in wine/red wine, or 20.5%/-5.5% in white business business.
Prices have risen significantly, indicating that the structure of the company ' s products has improved well, and the unit price of the product has risen significantly. For 18 years, the share of sales abroad/intra-provincial sales was 49-51 per cent, with 2.3 percentage points higher, and the province 1.
Implementation of the “six good” strategic idea, full implementation of the “1246 Project”, high-quality health development, high-quality alcohol growth, with a focus on sub-high-end wine and 18 years of good wind, good products, good stories, good channels, good self, good mechanisms
High-quality real-estate wine, a little thought, a strong push for dream blue brand upgrades, and the adoption of promotional projects such as the "Manufacturers' branding program" 2. People's Food Drinks Annual Strategy 2019: off
In 19 years, the company plans to fully implement the “1246 Project” in line with the pattern of brand growth cycles, combining development opportunities such as consumption upgrading, industry differentiation, and keeping up with product empowerment and investing in the production of eco-circles in order to create higher-quality development.
iii. Profit forecasts and investment proposals. Steady growth, product structural upgrading and out-of-town strategic performance are remarkable and positive. Maintenance of a “recommended” rating.
The company ' s financial statement projections are summarized in Jed, Beijing University, Bachelor of Economics and Master of Arts. In 2011, he entered the securities industry and is now in charge of food beverages and agricultural orientation studies at the Institute of Civil Securities.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and that, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.