Daily consumption of foods, beverages and tobacco Ocean river shares: high-end, deep nationalization continues to push for stoppages + price adjustments, high-end products for good growth
The company started to raise prices for mainstream products after the river stopped increasing market quotas for the Dream Blue Classes and M9 products, starting on May 21.
Some of the products will increase by more than 20%. In order to further promote the growth of high-end brands, the Ocean River created a high-end branding department and a two-trenched branding independent department, which focuses on m9 and manual classes, hoping to hit them.
In 2018, the dream series grew by 50%, with a tax caliber of more than 10 billion, while the revenue ratio reached a high yield, and m9 has gradually grown into high-end brands in the province.
Total equity/flow (million shares) created, focused resources fully placed high-end brands, hoping that m9 would become a baton for m6.
There's still room for an upswing in the provincial focus on resources, market share, q1 Sea blues and dream blues, which have been growing at a slower rate this year than last year.
In an effort to correct channel prices and adjust profit distribution, the Division did not allow the channel to be pressurized; on the one hand, there was a process to upgrade and digest old product terminals.
At the same time, the provincial market has been strategically adjusted and optimized in response to competition within the province.
- 2018/08/29 Selection of a Senior Officer, with emphasis on focused market focus management; third, focused market focus resources, strong river stock (002.04) Dream Blues continue to be high
This year, q3 has seen a gradual increase in the positive growth of the market in the provinces, which is expected to continue.
There is still room for further improvement in the market share. Xinjiangsu market continues to be active and depth nationalization continues to advance.
This year, the company set up a target of 49 per cent of sales revenue, hoping that the company would establish 28 districts outside the province, which would further sank. The number of dealers outside the province would be 70 per cent, mainly for medium- and high-end products, and the overall market structure would be better than the internal market.
The New Jiangsu market is an important engine of growth in the provincial markets, 297 in 2015 and 495 in 2018, accounting for more than 70 per cent of the total.
Last year, with the classic blue series of packagings, costs and sales strategies fluctuated considerably, slowing down marketing. We judge that with this year’s company’s adjustment to marketing policy and the rapid growth of dream blues and above, income and profits are growing steadily throughout the year.
China's target for 2019 is to achieve an increase of more than 12 per cent in business income, and we have a fast growth of high-end products, a strong white- and wine-priced card position, a major regulatory flaw in the company's management as consumption rises, increased competition within the province, and a lack of promotion of new products.
During the period, major macroeconomic changes led to a slowdown in the demand for white wine, among other things.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report