In the first half of 2020, the steel industry affected downstream demand in the first quarter of the epidemic, high steel stocks, and the price of iron ore.
The combination of higher factors has led to a significant decline in profits, with the average profit of the steel industry falling by about 50%, but the company's performance in the first half of the year has remained stable and has shown a strong resistance to the cycle. We believe that the firm's profitability benefits mainly from three factors: first, the company's full synergy during the reporting period.
The effects, the operational effects, were higher than ever before, making up for the shortfall in foreign trade through in-country trade gains, with companies selling 6.67 million tons of steel in the first half of the year.
Through the centralized procurement of large quantities of raw materials, the control of total resources and inventory, and the crushing of procurement costs by the Nino-Thaifurt steel as a platform, and the simultaneous implementation of a full-process reduction during the production process, the effect of which is significant; and, third, the full product mix of companies, the higher value added of special steel products and the relatively stable demand of client groups and products
At the industry level, there has been a sharp recovery in the sale of automobiles and engineering machinery since the second quarter, with a 21% increase in vehicle production in July.
At the corporate level, the company intends to acquire a limited share of Xu's shares through a subscription to additional registered capital, and if the offer is made, the company will further enhance the synergy and profitability of the industry chain. In the short term, Qingjima will be environmentally friendly.
The completion of the relocation project in the second half of next year and the increase in the utilization rate of the Yangtze steel industry will increase the performance of the public sector. In the medium and long term, the company, as the leading company in the special steel industry, is expected to benefit fully from the national production replacement.
The high-end special steel demand from the upgrading of the manufacturing industry is growing steadily. The company is expected to be tax-free in Fukuda, Shenzhen.
Tsengdu China Free Trade Experiment (Sichuan)
The company (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) is a client. The company is not considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving the report, and has no direct business relationship with the company.
This report is prepared on the basis of information that the company considers to be reliable and publicly available, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of such information.
The opinions, assessments, and projections contained in the report are the only points of view and judgement that are available on the date of issuance of this report, and are subject to change without notice. At different times, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments, and projections contained in this report. At the same time, the prices, values and investment revenues of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in this report may fluctuate.
The company is not obliged to update the information contained in this report to all recipients. The company may modify the information contained in this report without notice, and the investors should follow up with the relevant updates or modifications.
The company seeks to report objectively and impartially, but the ideas, conclusions and recommendations contained in this report are for the information of investors only, not as an invitation or guarantee for the purchase or sale of securities or the subject matter of their investments. The views, recommendations, etc. do not take into account the specific purpose of the investment, financial position and specific needs of the persons to be obtained from the report, and consult with any professional financial consultant in the financial, tax and other fields. The company ' s previous relevant studies predict and analyse accurately and do not predict the accuracy of this report and this document.
The company and the author shall not bear all the consequences of relying on, or using, this report and other relevant studies of the company.