In 2021, the company sold $8,556 million, an increase of 48.45 per cent over the previous year, which was significantly higher than the increase in revenue. By the end of 2021, the company had received advance payments.
According to the announcement, 22q1 companies are expected to achieve a gross operating income of around $3 billion, an increase of about 25 per cent over the same period; a net return profit of about $1 billion is expected to be achieved, an increase of around 24 per cent over the same period. As the Jiangsu region was less affected by the epidemic during the spring season, there were more workers returning home.
In the second quarter, despite the outbreak, the pipeline stock remained healthy, with significant structural upgrades, reduced advertising input, and a gradual release of profit elasticity.
In the lead of structural upgrading, the company increased its Māori rate by 3.5 pct to 74.6% in 2021; the sales rate fell by 2 pct to 15.1% from the same time as the advertising cost input.
The ratio of share to management costs decreased slightly, from 3 pct to 18.6 per cent for the overall period; Net interest rates increased from 1.1 pct to 31.7 per cent for the same period, and profit elasticity released further.
\triangleright The End of the World (603369): Agglomerations are new.... Growth is significantly higher than average, and the Huaihai region outside the province and at the border with the three provinces is growing at the same rate.
In 2021, there were 1,051 company distributors, an increase of 103 perturbations and a steady increase in deep-deep farming.
Home, new distributors are located mainly outside the province, reflecting the company's claims to the national invasion, and training outside the country for the present (603369): the channel continues \triangleright \triangleright
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd., Ltd., kept the "buy-in" to the company for $2.01, $2.57 and $3.24 per share of the annual amortization.
The risk factors are: increased intra-provincial competition; under-exploitation of out-of-provincial markets; recurrent effects of the epidemic.
In Shenzhen, the National Commission for Land Planning conducted a study on the evaluation of the real estate tax base (National Social Fund) focusing on macro, real estate, and fiscal issues.
The component is not relevant, is not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views contained in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindard Securities”) has the CVM-approved qualification for portfolio investment consultancy.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.