The product structure continued to be optimized, with rapid growth in the province continued on 30th of April 2022, when the company published a quarterly report for 2022. In the first quarter of 2022, the company achieved operating income of $2.99 billion.
\triangleright plus 1.04 ptt, product structure leads to a steady increase in the Māori ratio; sales/management costs increase by 1.11/same decrease by 0.11 pt; sales return of $2.56 billion, equal to 20.95 per cent; contract liability balance of $1,140 million
The product structure has steadily improved, with rapid growth in the province. In the product structure, 830 million yuan, yoy + 30.4%, was collected in the first quarter of 2022, and the product structure has steadily improved, and we expect the company to continue in 2022.
Upgraded trends, sub-high-end productsv and Quantico have maintained rapid growth; regional expansion, January 2022, Jiangsu Province increased its revenue by 25.8 per cent, with Xiaoyan/Nanjing/Saline/Sunan/Su-Chu/Xiaohai, respectively, sharing the same income as Wang Xiaohai
Strategic markets have been growing relatively well, with the downfall in the northern part of the province and greater penetration in the southern part of the country; incomes have increased by 10.6 per cent, compared with 6.5 per cent, compared with 0.8 pct, with a relatively smooth pace of expansion outside the province during the first quarter; there has been a net increase of 6 dealers in the first quarter and a net decrease of 46 dealers outside the province, and we expect to remain in the company province in 2022.
In 2022, the “Four Battles” will be deepened around the 13455 approach.
Viet Nam. 3 refers to a three-pronged approach, highlighting differences, building core competitiveness, striving for high-level competitiveness, taking over the new track, accelerating all the use, and fighting out-of-area breakthroughs. 4 refers to industry confidence, brand confidence, quality confidence, and developing confidence. 4 refers to deepening the "Four Battles": 1) and working hard to upgrade the v9 brand.
1. In 2021, the Episodes of the World (603369.sh) published an evaluation of: promotion, marketing, first v9 and then v; (2) expansion of the mass surface, which continues to be used as a force to open basic disks, to increase the heat of brand names, to improve the system of division of control boards, and to continue to promote the cultivation of subdistricts; and (3) enhancement of the features of the world.
(b) A combination of measures to speed up the break-up of the market in the extra-provincial areas, the co-branding of the two brands, the diversity of the camp data points: successful implementation of the “open door” and the projected structure
5 refers to the strengthening of five guarantees, the upgrading of marketing organizations (strength v9, establishment of the Ministry of the Nation for the Future and high-trenched marketing companies), increased market input, and the deepening of the process.
In our view, the 13455 marketing approach helps companies to strengthen the two-wheel-drive strategy of “goods assessment: a steady rise in the trajectories, structural upgrades driving cards and channels” and achieve high-quality development.
Investment recommendations: The company successfully achieved “open door” in 2022, increased product share of the special category, increased product coverage rate of the special category: steady increase in the total year of collection.
\triangleright \triangleright
This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and opinions of researchers, whose findings are not motivated or influenced by any third party, who have not received, either directly or indirectly, specific recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.