Constellation of the world (603369): The state continues to work, the extravagance of the country meets expectations, the performance of which grew steadily in 2022.
Report on the Assessment of Events in the World (603369): Monthly Data: Report on the Evaluation of Events in the World (603369): Expanding Productions Forward: The Company's White Liquor Camp collected $6,369 million (25 per cent increase) in sales.
Report on Incidents in the World (603369): Performance is in line with Report on Incidents in the World (603369): v Series accelerated by 65% (5 pct); speciala collects 1.714 billion yuan (14% increase).
The Dynamics Study of the Constellation (603369): The V Series: Dynamic Engines, Expeditious Falls of Equity Incentives - 2021-12 - Extensions, v3 More Consumptions, Upgrade Consumers, Follow-through Extensions; v9 Loans
In the subregion, 1,271 million yuan (18 per cent of the same increase) was collected in 2021, or 20 per cent (or 7 pct); and 1,578 million yuan (or the same increase) was collected in the Nanjing Region.
(a) The sum of 852 million yuan (33 per cent more), or 13 per cent (or 1 pct less), is expected to power the Nanjing region as an engine of the company;
A net increase of 103 vendors; 88 more outside of the province. Equity incentives are expected to accelerate down, and the v series is expected to continue to work.
The main line of the issue is to keep the tone of the “good and fast” work firmly in order to focus more on differences, high-end, nationalization of the “triple approach.” At the end of the product: the company continues to refine the v99 coalition operating mechanism, with clear transmission of the V9 war.
A bit of positioning, stabilization of the price system, refinement of the v3-to-target, and optimization of the main layout. At the same time, the strength is guided by an approach based on raising the share of the undisclosed, non-grateful country; and a strategy to improve the production of foreign markets in order to meet the demand for differences.
At the end of the channel: the company deepens its strategy of “diplomat uplifting, zonal tillage”, developing its classification, marketing strategy and appraisal system; accelerating weak market breakthroughs, and developing the provinces surrounding Jiang Su in a comprehensive manner.
Regional expansion: corporate systems are designed to create out-of-town markets, guided by strategic objective thinking, and to clear out the policy of creating fragmented markets with the characteristics of the present world; taxonomy is organized into specialized teams to improve market organization and outreach.
Three key points for the future of the company: first, v series target of 10 billion over the next 10 years, v3 and bid m6 + pre-carat 600-7000; second, planning for South Sudan is expected to be close to 4 billion, with greater potential for future growth; and third, 1455 planning provinces
Over 20 per cent of the total, expansion is a mandatory option for companies to open up to the ceiling, and now the company is pushing deep into differences, high-end, nationalization, and doing all it can to implement it.
War. With long triangles at its centre, accelerate the formation of strategic blocks; with Kyotsu, Guangdong, Jiangxi, Hunan and Hubei priority areas at its core, foster priority markets; and with local market development using an interactive layout development strategy for city and district districts and strong district market development.
"Focus law." Breaks outside the province follow the regional outreach strategy of "Comprehensive planning, priority breakthroughs, radiation, ladder development." We continue to look at the national system, which leads to the continued optimization of the product structure compared to the continuous upgrading, with the v series looking for a new company.
Power engines, long-term opportunities to build the perimeters with the Sou wine. The projected 2022 - macroeconomic downside risk, the epidemic is driving consumption, growth is not as high as expected, v the series of growth is not as high as expected, and expansion is out of the country as expected.
Sunshan: Master of Economics, four years of food and beverage sellers' research experience, comprehensive coverage of food and beverage industry, clustering, in-depth study of white wine industry, etc.
Short-term potential shares; thinking about white wine plates, with deep market-based thinking and insight into Soo's wine. What's the word: Shandong University, Bachelor of Law, University of Warwick, United Kingdom, has a double master of law and economics that reflects my research?
This report is produced by Chinese securities and is used only by customers of Chinese securities.
Yes, but without any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information. We have tried to report its contents objectively and impartially, but the information and views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, which do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financials, and the persons to whom this report is based.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.