In 2021, we achieved $6.41 billion, a 25.1 per cent increase, a net gain.
Two hundred and thirty million yuan, an increase of 29.5 per cent over the same period, and a gain of $1.62 per share. The 4q21 battalion and net profit, respectively, were optimized product structure in 2021, branding increased, and the weak regions of the province performed well. (1) In terms of sub-products, the provincial base has been tightened and the internal product structure has been upgraded smoothly, with over $300.
In the year 2021, the world reported a performance rating of $4.17 billion, an increase of 35.7 per cent, a rise of 65 per cent, and an increase of 5.1 per cent. I continue to enjoy the upgrading of business needs in the provinces, around the dollar. v The impact of the fight is high.
Intra-provincial cultivation has continued to deepen, with weak regional performances.
In Nanjing, Salt City, where the growth rate was 18%, 19.8%, 15%, and in vulnerable areas, 13.3%, 13.6%, 9.5% respectively. As mentioned in our previous in-depth report, there are large differences between North and South in Jiangsu Province, leading economic developments in South and Central Sudan, and competition between companies and the Sudan.
South and Su-chung, although late, have much room for improvement in the provinces as brand power continues to rise, and as the country's v series is fully imported, the value of the product is $199,000 per ton, an increase of 24.3 per cent, the price of the product is significantly higher, and the rate of Maori is rising.
Advertisement costs have decreased considerably. Fair value change gains and investment returns have decreased by $225 million the same year, delaying the increase in profit margins. 1022 has been opened, the new chairman has been well-connected, and the growth of power has continued.
Sub-high-end expansion dividends in Su Province, the company continues to optimize its product structure, while during the spring season the epidemic was better regulated, with 1q22 revenues, net profit increases of 25 per cent and 24 per cent, respectively, successfully opening the door. (2) On 7 April, the company announced that the former Chairman of the Board, Zhou Ming, would retire at his age and be pleased by Gu Xiang.
In November of that year, after two years of in-depth knowledge of the company's production and channels, adding up to its rich management experience, we thought that the new chairman could be a smoother, more powerful and more sustainable. (3) The company set a target of $7.5 billion for 2022, for a net gain of $8 billion.
The target was not successfully completed. Sino-Chinese International Securities Company, Inc.
Food beverages: white wineii