In 2021, the company achieved high-quality growth, with a steady increase in the structure of its product \triangleright.
Millions of yuan, an increase of 51.3 per cent, and rapid growth in operating profits; the balance of contractual liabilities at the end of 2021 was 2,067 million yuan, an increase of 1,206 million yuan over the end of the third quarter, an increase of 971 million yuan over the end of 2020, and an “adequate reservoir” performance.
\triangleright expects the company to continue its structural upgrading trend in 2022.
Rapid growth; regional expansion, with the company Jiangsu Province increasing by 24.4 per cent in 2021, with the south-south and south-south poles growing by 32.9 per cent and 32.5 per cent, respectively, with a net increase of 103 corporate distributors in 2021, with a net increase of 88 in the south and a continuation of the expansion in the south.
Chang. It is expected that in 2022 the company’s provinces will continue to be the main markets for growth, with Sunan and Su-chung as the main markets, and that in 2022 it will continue along the 13455 lines, deepening the “Four Battles”.
3 refers to a three-fold strategy, highlighting differences, building core competitiveness, trying to be high-level, taking advantage of the new track, accelerating all the use, and fighting out-of-the-way. 4 refers to industry confidence, brand confidence, quality confidence, 1. The New World (603369.sh) January-February 2022.
Quantified data assessment: successful opening of the door, expected structure, confidence development. 4 refers to deepening the "Four Wars": 1) steadfastness, investing in the v9 brand, pushing to the top, selling the business, v after v; 2) lifting the surface, continuing the hard-wiring base plate, magnifying it.
2. The performance of the world economy (603369), the heat of the brand name, the improvement of the control system, and the continuous promotion of subdistrict farming; 3) the highlighting of features, the strengthening of the present world; and the assessment of a steady increase in the share of the ta+ category, the structural upgrading drive.
(iv) A combination of measures to speed up the break-up of the external market, a combination of two brands and a variety of three-quarterly reviews of the world's future (603369), the Ministry of Industry, the Ministry of National Origin for the present and the High Gorge Marketing Company) and to increase market input and deepen the process.
Report: The TA+ ratio has risen steadily, the harvest has been set to increase throughout the year, and the scheme of excellence has been put in place, and incentives have been improved. We believe that the 13455 marketing guidelines have helped companies to strengthen the "Purpose 4. The Constellation of the World" (603369) in 2020: "10."
A two-wheel-drive strategy and high-quality development.
Commentary: "13th Five" is a smooth cut-off, and the 14th Five-Five Sword means that increased competition within the \triangleright has led to less than anticipated market sales of the dominant products and price-plate imbalances; 3) the impact of the epidemic is continuing beyond expectations.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.