Consistency in the world (603369): Performance meets expectations, overall trend (1 pcc) is the continued optimization of the product structure, especially the upgrading of the national context 612 million yuan (or 14.9 per cent) net cash flow from operating activities, of which refunds are made
930 million yuan less, 650 million more than the same year, and the reservoir is at an all-time high.
Effort, Time for Out-of-Survivor Emission - 2022-04-16.
Report of the Factories of the Present World (603369): Monthly Data: billion yuan (8 per cent less) or 1 per cent; Report of the Factories of the Present Life (603369): Expanding Delivery Forward
Subregionally, 2,786 million yuan (26 per cent increase) was collected in the province of 2022q1, compared to the current year's horizon (603369) event evaluation report: performance is consistent with the current year's horizon (603369) event evaluation report: v series acceleration
5.49/8.77/2.94/3.28/337/400 million, respectively, for the same year.
Not for the Huaihai, Su, Nanjing, but for a split, 2022q1 direct sales revenue of $35 million (5% increase) is expected to accelerate the landing of the equity incentive, and the v series is expected to continue to work.
Brand: The company will focus on the theme of “Focus quality, focus on new ways to cross” and firmly capture the tone of “good and fast” work, with greater emphasis on differences, high-end, and nationalization of the “triple approach”.
At the end of the product: the company continuously perfects the v99 coalition operating mechanism, clearly communicating the V9 strategy, stabilizing the price system; perfects the v3 target and optimizes the main layout.
External market product strategies to meet differentiated demand. Channel: companies deepen the “sub-sub-regional” strategy, classification, marketing strategy and appraisal system; accelerate weak market breakthroughs and develop the river on a comprehensive scale.
Regional expansion: the corporate system plans out-of-town markets, guided by strategic strategy thinking, and clears the policy of fragmented market formation that is characteristic of the present world.
A few; classification of professional teams to improve market organization and outreach. Three key points for the future of companies are: first, v series target of 10 billion over the next 10 years, v3 and bid m6+ price band of 600-7000; and second, South Sudan region, 1455
Planning is expected to be close to 4 billion, with greater scope for growth in the future; 3rd, 14th and 5th, with more than 20 per cent out of the total, and expansion outside of the province, which is a mandatory option for companies to open up to the ceiling.
Genev is fighting hard, k is uplifting, k is uplifting, k is uplifting, k is uplifting the world, and bruising out of the country. With the long triangle at its centre, it speeds up the formation of strategic blocks; and kyotsu, Guangdong, Jiangxi, Hunan and Hubei focus areas are at their core to foster priority markets;
Municipal market development is based on an interactive city-district layout development strategy, and district-based market development is based on a “focus law”. The out-of-town breakthrough follows a regional outreach strategy called “Comprehensive planning, priority breakthroughs, radiation, staircase development”.
The column ratio continues to improve the structure of the product, with the v series looking for a new engine for the company, long-term opportunities to follow the Sou wine to build the perimeter. 2022 - The macroeconomic downside risks are expected to slow down consumption, the epidemic is not growing as expected,v
The Food Beverage Group presents Sunshan: Master of Economics, four years of research experience in food and beverage sellers, full coverage of the food and beverage industry, etc.
Caramel plates, in-depth study of the White Wine industry, etc., have been employed in the short-term potentials of the State Trust in Securities, New Age Securities, China Sea, and have been hard at thinking about the White Wine plate, with deep marketed thinking and insight into Soho. What's the word: Master of Laws, University of Shandong, Master of Laws, University of Warway, United Kingdom, with a double master of law, economics, etc.
I will not receive any form of compensation either directly or indirectly because I did not, nor because I did not receive any form of compensation for the specific suggestions or opinions in this report.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.