Purple shares (000938), IT technology hardware and equipment, industry-wide chain layout, cloud computing drives robust growth in performance
1. The expansion of the subsidiary Xinhua Xinhua III business led to a robust growth in corporate performance q1 quarter operating revenue of $13.507 billion, an increase of $34.51 million, a net gain of $275 million, an increase of 32.78 per cent, and a robust increase in performance.
The financial costs of 1 company q1 were reversed from positive to negative, with a similar decline of 227.38 per cent, and cost control was effective, with a 20-fold increase in distributed storage, ranked first in terms of revenue growth in the telecommunications sector, leading to growth in cash flows from corporate operations; and 3 companies continued to grow their R & D inputs, with R & D in 2020.
The cost is 4,131 million yuan, an increase of 4.8 per cent over the same period, 6811 R & D personnel, 2 R & D workers, high profile of the electronic information industry, and the company's continuous “digital brain”, which will continue to be protected as the global electronic information industry evolves rapidly.
The digital economy has become a new dynamic for global economic development. Total market value/flow in the epidemic (millions)
In the broader context of accelerating the digitalization process, 5g as the key support for technological innovation and intelligent applications up to 12 months/minimum point to motivate industry users to actively explore R & D design, manufacturing, business management, market uniforms
The new areas of cloud computing, big data, object networking, etc. and computing machines, storage equipment, servers, network communications equipment and information network security products are being integrated, and new models, new practices, new demands, new markets are being developed.
As a leader in the construction of a global new generation of cloud computing infrastructure and industrial intelligent applications services, and in keeping with the trends of the global information industry and the characteristics of its niche business, based on the information technology business area, around the “aiinall” strategy, the layout of the “chill-yun-net-”
For 12 years in a row, the company was ranked first in China's corporate-level wlan market, with the purple cloud as its core engine, focusing on the three main markets of government, operators, and international industry, with a continuous “digital brain”, building core capabilities in the field of clouds and intelligence.
Application, leading the new generation of cloud computing infrastructure and innovative development of smart applications. We look at cloud computing, big data, networking, artificial intelligence development, the high profile of the electronics and information industry, and the ability of companies to innovate in technology and to cover the globe.
One billion yuan, net profit for mothers is 2.250 billion yuan, 2.77 billion yuan and 3.53 billion yuan.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.