Utility shares (000938), IT technology hardware and equipment active in expanding cloud operations, with robust growth in performance
1. Sustained optimization of the income structure and robust growth of the company ' s business income in the first half of 2021 was $30.75 billion, an increase of 20.11 per cent in the same year, a net profit of $926 million for the mother, an increase of 8.08 per thousand in the same year, and a steady increase in performance.
Point: 18,757 million yuan in revenues from infrastructure and service operations, year-on-year growth. idc data show that in the first quarter of 2021, companies, including various product markets such as switchboards, routers, etc., increased their presence and maintained their market leadership; 3 holding subsidiaries, Purple Clouds
Actively expanding industrial clouds, building core capabilities for cloud infrastructure research and development, transport and maintenance, operating in the first half of the dollar, with losses of 49.10 per cent less than in the same year; and sustained growth in research and development inputs of 4 companies, with total equity/flow (million shares) in the first half of the year
The investment of 2,191 million yuan, an increase of 17.38 per cent over the previous year, provided a sound technological basis for the rapid development of cloud services operations.2 The high pace of the digital economy and the responsiveness of the company ' s industrial chains to demand
In recent years, the digital economy has gradually become an important engine for global economic growth in the future. My purple share (000938), The Whole Industry Chain, has given high priority to the development of the digital industry, with a series of new infrastructure and industries.
Cloud computing as a driver of robust growth in performance typographical transformation, government digital services, digital civic engineering guidance and enabling policies. - 2021/08/04 globally.
In the context of the impact of the new coronary pneumonia epidemic and the increased uncertainty of economic development, the digital economy has shown greater resilience, which has contributed to the acceleration of innovation in new models of economic development and new business patterns. At the same time, cloud computing, networking, artificial intelligence, big data, machine learning, blocks.
New technologies, such as chains, are becoming more mature and integrated with business information needs, which will further boost the demand for and breakthroughs in the ict infrastructure and related technologies. In the first half of 2021, the company’s deep layout “chips-clouds-nets-side-end” industrial chain, which is now being developed by the company.
Harnessing opportunities for re-engineering urban and industrial development, building on years of technological accumulation and digitization of ict, building on the “co-mixed cloud” cloud platform, and continuously strengthening the core energy of the cloud, top-level design capacity for digital transformation and the ability to fully integrate the resources of ecological partners
We're looking at cloud computing, big data, material networking, artificial intelligence development, electronics, and so on.
The high profile of the information industry, together with the ability of companies to innovate in technology and to cover the world's research institute, Beijing City West Side.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.