Innovative Technology and Enterprise Services Research Centre Market share increases are significant, autonomous chip improvement strategies are in place Industry climate increases add market share increases, int infrastructure revenues are growing rapidly.
During the reporting period, revenue from ict infrastructure and services operations reached $18,757 million, an increase of 28.03 per cent, representing 61 per cent of revenue collection, an increase of about 4 pp, and continued optimization of the overall income structure.
1. " Network tap chip project " , which further refined the industry ' s main brand revenue of $302 million, an increase of 77.84 per cent over the same period. The market share of a number of products, including servers, routers, wlans, safety products, etc., increased further in 2021.
The company's high-end network processor chip, based on the 16nm process, is in the product testing stage.
In addition, the company plans to develop a high end of 7 nm.
Router Chips, which in 2022 introduced a higher-sized series of 800 intellectuals to produce a 7nm process. The successful release of the chip enabled the company to have a well-developed "chill-coated-net-end" product layout, core technology that is self-controllable and can be sold externally, strengthen industrial ecology, and open up long-term market space.
The market’s concerns about the group’s debt have been relieved to some extent. In China’s effort to develop the ecology, there are companies that do.
The company’s revenue is expected to grow double-digit over the next three years. As a result of the increase in revenue from its products, we have increased the revenue from its infrastructure operations by 8 pp, reducing the Māori rate.
(+8.4 per cent) billion yuan, resulting in a net profit of $19.31/24/26/26/765 million for the mother. Competition in the industry increased 40 times over 22 years; 5g advanced less than expected; trade friction between Central America and the United States deepened; overseas market expansion was less than expected; risk management; and the covid-19 epidemic continued to affect overseas demand.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment