On May 23, the press reported that on the afternoon of 21 May, the relevant government authorities held a workshop on coal and put in place a number of measures to curb the price of coal as soon as possible.
The Luang State coal industry (600188.sh) will start with an additional 200-300 million tons of railway capacity production and transportation contracts, based on the existing ACEC contract volume. The main coal companies, such as Shua and China Coal, will be required to reduce the monthly price of the 500-carats to 570 yuan per ton in the green zone.
With regard to coal imports, the meeting called for targeted support for power-generating enterprises on a basis not exceeding last year’s totals, which would facilitate customs clearance, quality control, etc. Domestic power coal masters would agree, prices would be regulated, or they would limit coal companies’ elasticity. In the current low-season season of traditional coal consumption, coal prices would rise too fast to be expected.
\triangleright’s concerns about the supply and prices of coal in the season have led to a number of recent initiatives to guarantee the supply of coal in power plants and to reduce the cost of coal in power plants. This will solve the problem of coal use in downstream power plants, while reducing the elasticity of coal companies.
A regional development pattern has been established with the company's three-legged research assistant. With the company's bunker coal mine, the schilling coal mine, and the Australian base, Moraben Coal \triangleright
The three-stage engineering capacity was gradually released, 100 per cent of the shares of the joint coal company were acquired, and the regional pattern of the company's “triple-up” development in 2018 is now in place, and Zhou Jie's research assistant, Wang Chimin's research assistant
The combined price of coal in Australia is consistent with the price of coal in the port of Newcastle, but it is slightly lower, and the difference between the price of cocoal is significantly reduced. International cocoal prices are rising in the middle of a tight supply and demand environment, with the current prices of coal power at Newcastle in Newcastle ranged from RMB 562.882 per ton, RMB 547.60 per ton, and RMB 626.73, respectively.
The highly marketable environment in which the Australasia base operates allows companies to be more resilient and enjoy the dividends of industry. The international market price of coal is more market-based \triangleright \triangleright
The Australian base contributes about 40% of coal production (reference company 2018q1 data) to the Luang State coal industry, and sales prices are not subject to domestic regulation, and performance is more flexible. Against a backdrop of weak global supply and demand cyclical improvement, the tight balance of supply and demand will keep international coal prices on the rise in the long run, compared to the Sunda Stock Exchange Ltd.
The coal industry in Xiangzhou can benefit more from the dividends of the industry.
\triangleright share price catalyzing factor: Coal, methanol price hubs continue to rise, joint coal profitability continues to be released, and the company’s sales at the base have increased further. \triangleright \triangleright
Risk factors: short-term fluctuations in coal prices, safe production risks. \triangleright financial data on the front page of the company report
A comparison of the profits and valuations of comparable companies (collected on 25 May) Carbon, natural gas and fertilizer, agrochemicals, textile chemicals, fine-chemistry intermediates, and new energy sources, car light quantification, methanol economy, carbon emissions have been studied in particular.Dr. W.W., China Mining University (Beijing), registered consultant (investment) engineer, member of the China Geology and Minerals Economics Society, member of the China International Engineering Advisory Corporation's expert bank, and member of the Chinese expert pool of business audit consultants.
He was the Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Service of the China Coal Industry Association (which chaired the work), engaged in research and advisory work in coal and energy-related fields, chaired the 13th Five-Year National Coal Survey and Development Planning Study, revised coal industry technology policy and enterprise-related advisory studies, and joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2016, which was responsible for research in the coal sector; Zhou Jie, Master of Mining Engineering at the General Coal Science Research Institute, Master of Business and Industry Management at the People's University of China; joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in May 2017 for research in the coal sector.
Wang Chimin, Master of Mining Engineering College, China Mining University, joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2017 to conduct research in the coal industry. Sinda Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consulting, which the CVM has granted. This report is produced and published by the Sunda Securities Commission. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sunda securities and provides support and reference for investment decision-making in this category, with strict mutual agreement on rights and obligations.
The present report is prepared with publicly available information deemed reliable by a credit certificate, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. At different times, or through the use of different assumptions and criteria, different perspectives and analytical methods have led to the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which special notice may not be given.