The price of methanol has continued to rise and the profitability of non-coal plates has increased significantly since mid-March, with the average price of methanol rising from 2587 to 3018 ton on 15 March, an increase of 17 per cent;
We believe that this sharp increase in the price of methanol is due mainly to three factors, namely the restoration of energy elasticity and environmental factors that have led to an increase in the demand for gas in the country's energy sector, resulting in a lack of raw materials for gas methanol, and a recent increase in the capacity of methanol installations under repair.
10,750 tons, or 13% of the country’s total production capacity, and the supply contraction caused by the over-renovation of the manufacturing capacity; third, since March, downstream product installations, such as formaldehyde, have recovered and contributed to higher methanol prices in the face of supply constraints. The energy cycle is expected to lead to a sustained increase in methanol prices.
There is a clear gap between the supply of gas-based methanol and the supply of raw materials. Moreover, the trend in methanol prices is highly correlated with oil, and the global supply and demand balance is tight.
The pattern has led to a trend upward trend in the price of methanol over the next two to three years, which has strongly supported the price of methanol. So we judge that even if some parts of the region had completed the repair of methanol installations, the supply had recovered, methanol prices might have returned rationally, but they would remain high, with price poles rising.
The company’s methanol plates are now more profitable. Ordos and ellipsine are the company’s main operators, with 900,000 tonnes of capacity per year and 600,000 tonnes per year of capacity, respectively. In addition, Eldos is able to complete phase II of its crediting industry methanol (90 million tonnes/year) and ellipse methanol plant phase II.
The project (600,000 tonnes/year) is under active construction, with production expected to be completed by early 2019, and the company ' s methanol production will double. We expect production of methanol from 2018 to 2020 to be about 150, 300, 3 million tons. According to the latest data, the average cost of methanol in the elves has been 2,500 yuan/ton since this year, compared to the same period in 17 years and throughout the year.
Increase by 200 yuan/tonne. With the company ' s Methanol II project coming into production in 2019, the company ' s Methanol portfolio is expected to increase further its profitability. + High-dimension Red Potential Core Assets of Coal, 2018.03.25.
\triangleright Stock Catalyst: Coal, methanol price hubs continue to rise, joint coal profitability continues to be released, and companies’ sales at the base are further increasing. Risk factors: short-term volatility in coal prices, safe production risks.
\triangleright Sinda Securities Co. Ltd.
The company's front page financial data are comparable to the company's profits and valuations (collected on May 14th).
Charcoal, natural gas industrial chain, special studies on fertilizers, agrochemicals, textile chemicals, fine-cheming intermediates, and new energy sources, car light quantification, methanol economy, carbon emissions.Kok Wing Ming, Ph.D. (Beijing), registered consulting (investment) engineers, member of the China Geological Minerals Economics Society, member of the China International Engineering Advisory Corporation's expert bank, member of the China Sindha Business Audit Expert Bank, former Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Service of the China Coal Industry Association (chair), research advice in coal and energy-related fields, and chaired the “13th Five” National Coal Survey and Development Programme, revision of the coal industry technology policy
Zhou Jie, Master of Mining Engineering, Master of Business and Industry Management, People’s University of China, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in May 2017 for research in the coal sector. Wang Chimin, Master of Technology, School of Mining Engineering, University of China, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2017 for research in the coal sector.
This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSCP, which provides support and reference in investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above. It is not intended to the public that the report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the CSCR, but the CSV does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the points of view and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the report, and the securities or investments referred to in this report are not addressed to the public.
The price, value and investment income of the capital may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.