002027.sz reports depth of the elevator media re-valued, expanded lock-in incremental market strongly recommended (maintain)
Elevator media are revalued, the industry is entering a growth boom, integrating into the elevator scenes that are necessary for the urban population, and the elevator media have a very high advertising exposure and brand activation.
According to Nelson's survey, the elevator media reach 74% and the eye share 19%, respectively, with far greater publicity than the rest of the underline media, and are almost at the same level as the Internet media (88% and 26%) and the television media (76% and 21%). Since this year, the elevator media have been gaining value.
It is estimated that 65% of the clients in the first 20 years of the 18th half of the year before the commercial launch chose the electric ladder, compared to 35% in 2015. The current market size of the elevator media is only around 10 billion, with a 200 million population covered, with a single population covered by 52 yuan, for outdoor transport only.
One-third of the media, as well as the television media, have a huge potential for growth. We believe that, thanks to continued client and capital attention, the elevator media has been revalued. The elevator media industry has grown by more than 20% in 17 years, almost the highest in all media, given the unique advertising value of the elevator media and the many times the void.
In the meantime, the elevator media industry is expected to enter the growth boom. The competitive advantage is to build the Elevator River, leading the industry’s dividends, and the company is the absolute leader of the media in the world of life, in the city of elevator television, elevator posters, and cinema advertising.
The company has an unattainable spot advantage, especially in a core business where the media are more valuable (advertisement media can cover more human flows and higher consumer capacity). In Beijing, for example, companies have more than 100,000 positions in the core business circle, leading all their competitors by more than 50,000.
Under the dominance of the business sector, companies are getting advertising from large customers, 72% of the elevator media are 20 percentage points higher than the industry, and competitors are unlikely to threaten the company’s moat. At the same time, in a comparable caliber, the rapid expansion of new media outlets does not directly raise the rental costs of the industry, nor do they exist for advertising.
Major subsidies have a very limited impact on companies. We believe that companies, as a Jedi leader of elevator media, rely on a core dot advantage to continuously access large customer resources, which makes the Māori rate much higher than the average for their peers. Pointing and customer resources make up the moat that the company can hardly cross, and the company will take the lead in accelerating growth in the harvest industry.
First, according to our estimates, the elevator media revenue of 2018h1 has increased by 30 per cent, the highest level in recent years, and the rapid rise in corporate income reflects the continuation of demand in the absence of an expansion.
Second, the new-tide media created interest in electric posters from advertisers. Ten of the top 15 advertisers in front of elevators put on the new-tide-postings. The advertisers' demand for electronic media is rising.
Among the main clients, the share of low-line urban consumers in the top four industries has exceeded 50%, and the demand for low-line advertising will be released as the market position of three or four high-line cities rises. We believe that, under three major expansion drivers, companies propose and rapidly implement “Base 500, build 5 million terminals and cover 5”
The goal of a billion consuming people is expected to take the lead in locking up the incremental market in a context of strong demand. Profit forecasting and valuation: given that companies are in a period of positive expansion at point, costs are rising dramatically, and we and we expect that the risk of building rental costs rising, the impact of new competitors, and macroeconomic impacts.
The company was founded in 2003 as the founder of the elevator media and received $4,000 in silver and silver in the same year.
The company was successfully listed in NASDAQ in 2005, with the company ' s elevator television market accounting for nearly 50%. In the following years, the company entered a more radical M&A expansion period of 172 million, 325 million, 225 million and 168 million dollars, respectively, for framework media, crowd media, catch ads, and seal media.
It has also expanded the media scene from elevators to such areas as sale malls, the Internet, and visual protection, moving towards the goal of “making the biggest digital media in China.” But, with the global financial crisis of 2008 and the unsuccessful integration of the acquired Internet advertising companies, the company’s performance has fallen, it has been forced to strip away non-core business (haeye advertising, seal media, etc.).
In July of this year, the company also received 15 billion dollars in strategic investment. Looking back at 15 years, a few of them remained floating, the only thing that remained constant was the firm’s commitment to the elevator media scene, which was constantly operating in the industry.
The firm's expansion plan, “500 cities, 5 million terminals, covering 500 million mainstream consumers”, is expected to deepen further. 1.2 Jiang Nanchun is the real controlr, and Ali's share-in-the-equity structure is improved.
The company was founded by the company’s founder, who was an important gene for its success. In 2009, the company returned to control, helping the company to successfully complete its work on the core of the elevator media in the context of its downsides.
During the month, the Alibaba Group used 15 billion to make strategic investments in companies, taking 10.32% of the company’s shares from several major trading parties under the Chinese capital flag, Glossycity (hk) under the Chinese capital flag, Kelley’s capital under the flag of Giovanna, Tio2 under the Chinese capital flag, and Jiang Namchun’s indirect holding company, Media Management Holding Limited.
Privatization shareholders such as Giovanna, who have held corporate shares for the last three years (cumulative reduction of 24% of the company’s total stock), have been under constant pressure for the company’s share price. Alibaba’s strategic entry has enabled four privatized shareholders to withdraw from the group of major shareholders as they wish, and the company’s equity structure will receive a firm’s equity structure (after the transfer of shares has been completed)
1.3 The monopoly of the elevator media, leading the cinema media The company has a monopoly in the elevator media, leading the cinema ' s media. Currently, the company ' s main business includes elevator posters, building media, and cinema media, with 70%, 90% and 60% of the city, respectively.
More than 200 cities; more than 500,000 elevator television spots (including elevator television and digital posters) covering more than 120 cities; and 126,000 contracted film screens, covering 1900 cinemas. Companies are monopolized in the area of building media, and years of development have helped shape the moats, which are almost impossible to cross.
The elevator media monopoly, the cinema media leader, the cinema screen media, the elevator poster media.
Building video media No. 540,000 (e) Urban coverage: 200+
Urban coverage: 120+ Film screen market: 60% Market share: 90%
The advertising is highly effective, with elevator media re-valuing the use of 2.1 elevators, which, because of their unique features, are of higher consumer interest than most media outlets.
In terms of the share of users’ eyes, elevator advertising accounts for 19% of consumers’ advertising time, after the Internet and television advertising. In terms of coverage, elevator advertising covers an income structure similar to that of airport advertising, which is close to 50% of the monthly income of 8,000.
High-income people, whose consumption capacity is higher in advertising. Thus, elevator media, which rely on the use of elevators, have a higher level of income and are less likely to be dispersed by other media, are able to produce higher advertising effects and cover greater consumption capacity. 2.2 Advertising owners and funders are beginning to appreciate the potential value of elevator media.
Elevator advertising has been growing in large numbers. The elevator media, with its unique brand activation effect, has helped the brands of Rissing Coffee, Walti, and the State of God to rent cars, which have become a hot spot for discussion in recent years, attracting more and more advertisers to launch. According to the commercials announced by ctr, the first 20 brands were launched, with only 7 of them in 2016, or 35%, compared to the first half of 2018.
This change is due mainly to structural changes in advertisers, such as blacks, brands that do not advertise on electric ladders, etc., and their investment in advertising is declining. And brands like Skycat, Kyoto, etc., have been on the increase in recent years, with greater recognition and commitment to elevator advertising.
On the other hand, capital markets have shown a strong interest in the elevator media. Since 2017 alone, elevator-related media companies have been investing in the market.
Over the past year, the capital market has seen an increasing interest in elevator-related media. This is both recognition of the value of elevator media and acceleration of the value of elevator media at 2.3 points.
Elevator media prices led the way, market size accelerated, and volume prices accelerated the re-evaluation of media values. According to ctr, the first half of 2018, the car advertising market review data, the elevator media publication bill, for the first time, jumped by 20%, with elevator posters and elevator video billing increasing by 6 and 15 percentage points, respectively. Even taking into account the large discounts prevailing in the industry, the market size of the industry remained high,
The size of the elevator media sector grew by 20% in 2017, slightly higher than the price of the elevator press. Combined, the industry is showing a trend towards higher prices, which will accelerate the re-evaluation of media values. 2.4 In the traffic perspective, media values have been undervalued for a long time.
But given the low discounts that prevail in the advertising industry, the cpm does not reflect the true value of the various media. So, using the idea of the Internet industry’s user flow, we see consumers covered by the major media as the flow of the media.
And then, according to the size of the market in the major media, how much value can be generated by individual flows. The measurements show that, although the elevator media currently cover more than 200 million people, the market size of the elevator media in 2017 was only 10 billion left right because the market was poorly nurtured. The average income of the individual population covered was only $52, far below $178 for outdoor traffic media, $153 for television media, and so on.
427 dollars for Internet media. Given that elevator media have the same consumer interest as high-value media, such as television and the Internet, and that they have a higher consumer capacity and deserve a higher value, the share of elevator media in the market and individual coverage is now far lower than the output of other media.
The potential market space for elevator media is about $30 billion, and the potential market space is more than twice that. 3. The competitive advantage is clear, with 3.1 mastering the locational resources of the core business circle, with a high protection river.
At present, the value of media resources to advertisers lies mainly in the number of people covered by the medium, the power of consumption and the length of coverage. As a result, there are significant differences in media values between urban and suburban areas due to differences in population and income characteristics, while corporate advantage is reflected in a monopoly on media resources in the core business.
For example, in Beijing, the highest-value urban area, according to our grass-roots research data, the number of company points in the main urban areas of Beijing (e.g., Assangyang, Haidian, etc.) is over 100,000, leading all of its competitors by more than 50,000. For other first-line cities, the company also has a greater dot advantage. In Shanghai, the company has more than 30,000 media spots, twice the total number of its counterparts. In Guangzhou, the Shenzhen Fukuda and others.
In downtown China, corporate media outlets have a greater advantage than competitors. Thus, companies’ dominant advantage is not only in the number, but also in the value, of their location.
For three to five years, there is exclusionary nature in the short- and medium-term, and colleagues have little access to this high-quality location resource. Second, for reasons of cooperative stability, property companies are more likely to rent more with their original customers. Finally, in order to prevent multiple elevator mediums from entering the old mediums, which have led to a decline in eye occupancy, the rental of the staircases has gradually become the mainstream.
The firm has less than 600 buildings, or less than 10% of them. 3.2 Accompanies high-quality customer resources, with significant scale effects, and companies are far ahead of their competitors in terms of customer resources and profitability.
The effect of advertising has also been to enable the company’s advertising media to gain frequent access to advertisers, and to provide companies with opportunities to work with large advertisers. Currently, companies have established stable partnerships with thousands of brands such as Alibaba, Tseng, Kyundong, the United States Mission, Drip, Bocing, Unilever, Farmer Springs, Golden Dragonfish, Benz, BMW, and General Motors.
Business accounts show that the top five clients of the company have invested 2,657 million, while the combined revenues of the three companies in cities, Chinese and New Tide are only 852 million. With scale effects, companies have a unique bargaining power and the high-morigin model is difficult to replicate. 3.3 The challenge of the new Tide media fails to reach the company’s core interests.
Extair TV is powerful in generating revenue, and the new wave media compete directly with the company. Elevator media are now mainly located in elevator waiting areas, and elevator waiting areas, mainly in elevator television, and elevator posters. Since elevator television is located mainly in elevator waiting areas in commercial buildings, the media is far more valuable than elevator posters.
The spot income is about five to six times that of elevator posters, while the single dot cost only two to three times that of elevator posters, which is the company’s main profit point and the company’s high-value media spot. And the new-tide-screening media now competes directly with elevator posters in the company’s elevators, and is distributed mainly in community buildings, with limited impact on the company’s elevator television business.
Figure 18. The media outside the company ladder is limited in its impact, and the new wave media are not attractive in terms of price. In the echelon media, the screens of the new tide media compete with the company's elevator posters, but the advertising price is not clearly attractive because of the new tide media's rotation mechanism.
For example, in the case of the first-line city, the price of the popular elevator poster 3.0 is $1648 per week, and the price of the new tide's up-and-down screen set is $518 per week. However, the new trend is based on a rotation of 300 broadcasts for 15 seconds a day, for a total of 1.25 hours, one-twelfth of the total airtime.
In view of the lower discounts prevailing in the industry, we have learned that the implementation price is $3.92 per hour for customers with more than $1 million, and 4.00 per hour for new customers. In general, the new tides appear to significantly subsidize the promotion of customers, specifically in their rotations, and the actual investment price is higher.
There is no competitive advantage, and the impact on companies is currently quite limited.
Xinchao Media Journal Price (Framework 3.0): $1648/week
Press price (up and down screen package): $518 per week Show time: 24 hours/day Show time: 1.25 hours/day
The dichotomy of single-point output reveals a huge difference in publishing rates. In the case of price subsidy discounts, there is a greater polarization of the individual point income of firms in the industry, which can only be explained by the publishing rate. By the national calibre, the new tide in 2017, the city’s verticalness, and the company’s single-point income are $787, $318 and $3597, respectively.
Single-point revenues are still well above industry averages. We believe that companies are far ahead in publishing rates, mainly because they have the highest-quality placement places and the best-quality customers in the market. Based on grass-roots research data and our calculations, companies now have a total printout rate of 60% to the right, while, based on peer-to-peer income comparisons, peer-to-peer rates are only 10% to 20%, and leading firms have very different rates from other firms.
Large, so that companies have a single-point income advantage. 4. Once again, there is a good opportunity to expand by locking up the incremental market, locking up 4.1 performance against the gambling period and unleashing expansionary capacity.
Overachieving performance is a bet, and the speed of expansion has increased significantly. In the case of seven-hepties trading, the company has been able to break out of the profit-side constraint by giving performance commitments of 2015 and 2016 billion. The company's strategy began to shift from the original “resourcing to expansion” to “exploitation before nurturing the market”, with 2.5 million elevator advertising units targeted for 2018. As of July, the company had already completed 235 elevator advertising units.
The dotted pattern, which is close to 50% expansion, is a significant increase from 30% in previous years. After the overachievement of performance against gambling, the company has been able to move away from performance constraints and refocus on business expansion. 4.2 Demand levels have continued to thrive and incomes have returned to high growth.
In the context of the accelerated revaluation of the value of the elevator media, advertisers’ demand for the elevator media has continued to thrive, thus contributing to a return to high corporate income growth. In the first half of 2018, the company’s elevator-media business grew by 30% to its highest level since 2015, driving the company to close to 30% of the total 2018q2 battalion.
We believe that a sustained surge in demand gives companies sufficient confidence in their expansion strategies, and that growth that needs to be sought will also require the company’s commensurate enrichment and refinement in media positions.
4.3 The demand for new media is growing, electronic posters are proliferating, and in the midst of a digital wave, large advertisers show a strong interest in new elevator media.
As an example of the new tide, which has successfully attracted the interest of most large advertisers, thanks to the dynamic billing in the ladder, nearly 10 of the top 15 advertisers in the first half of the 18 months of the year were active on the new tide. We believe that the new tide will be able to attract the attention of advertisers through the new media, even if there is no dotted advantage and the client base is relatively weak.
According to the 2018 h1 report, company advances rose significantly to 1.3 billion, an increase of 63% from q1 in 2018. Among the top five prepaid clients, companies looked at Xian Electronics (Pilip China Agency) and Qingdong.
According to company research data, including display equipment for some electronic posters, mainly for equipment upgrades and placement of new locations. According to the company's location expansion plan, we expect that the company's location of 2018 electronic posters will increase by 340,000. Given the company's media presence in major cities, potential clients are much more capable of developing than their counterparts in electronics.
The demand for advertising is expected to be further boosted by the high consumer attraction of posters.
4.4 The main clients are underpaid, and the demand for low-line city advertising is opening up. The company's main advertisers are concentrated in fast-drying, the Internet, and transport, and there are larger market spaces in low-line cities. According to the company's 18-and-a-half-year report, the company's main customers are concentrated in the areas of fast-drying, the Internet, and transport (mainly automobiles).
According to the Penguin think tank, 43% of the inhabitants of low-line cities have no housing-type expenditure, well above 21% of first-line cities. Without mortgages and rent pressure, low-line cities have greater consumer potential and market access.
As the number of consumers in low-line cities increases, the main advertisers will be aware of the value of advertising in low-line cities, the advertising in low-line cities shows a similar level of consumption across industries, and one brand has sunk. As early as 2009, our low-line cities were very close to the level of first-line consumer consumption.
With the increase in consumption capacity in low-line cities in recent years, the consumption capacity of fast-discharged products is almost equal to that of the second-line cities. For example, two of the largest dairy industries, Montagnard Eli, account for more than 50% of access to their third-line and lower-line cities, which are low-line cities in terms of their availability.
In the area of apparel, the number of local brands such as captors, basuchouses, etc., has reached or even exceeded the number of second-line cities on the third-line and below, as can be seen from the distribution of large brands, the importance that they attach to the market in low-line cities is almost equal to that of second-line cities.
The capacity of the country’s three-line and suburban cities is now 54%, and low-line cities have huge potential markets for the Internet sector. In major power suppliers, as well as in the social sphere, low-line consumers are low-line consumers.
The proportion of urban users is rising, and low-line cities are becoming the main opening market for major businesses. The number of users in the electricity sector, the Tokyo East and more low-line cities, has surpassed the number of second-line cities, while the share of low-line cities has reached 44% for treasure-scagging. In the social sphere, qq is almost universal in the major urban areas, with the exception of some of them, in terms of the distribution of hotspots.
Outside the mountains, most of the regions have a relatively average density, and low-line city users are large. We believe that, at present, low-line city users outnumber second-line cities, becoming another major market for companies involved in the Internet industry, and low-line city advertising needs are the second largest off-line cities in the area of automobiles and communications, and low-line cities.
In addition, in the area of communications, the consumer market, which is the end end of electronic equipment, mainly mobile phones, is now more than 50% of the current five major brands.
According to the above analysis of the company’s four major client industries, the company’s main customers are roughly equal to those of second-line cities. Especially in the consumer group, the consumer base in the lower-line city is in the consumer group.
For the company’s major clients, its focus on the low-line urban market will gradually increase, and demand for advertising will be released. Of the 2.35 million locations currently held by the company, there are less than 200,000 low-line cities, accounting for less than 10%. As the client’s earnings sink, the company will accelerate the low-line city location layout, hopefully taking the lead in locking down low-line city-point resources to sustain the release of low-line city-level resources.
Core assumptions: 1) 60 per cent listing rate and 30 per cent discount for company elevator poster operations in 2018; 40 per cent listing rate, 1.5 per cent discount application in second-line cities, and low-line urban incomes are not considered for the time being. 2) 25 advertisements were aired in 2018 for company elevator television operations in first-line cities, and 16.67 advertisements in other cities were billed separately for a network. 3) 2019 and 25 per cent for elevator media operations in 2020.
The rate of increase in advertising has slowed, with 17 years of growth, with an annual increase of 10 per cent. (5) The market business is in recession, assuming a decline of 500,000 points per year, with an annual rent of 90,000 dollars per year per spot. (7) Government subsidies are mainly tax returns, assuming a reduced government subsidy power, with companies providing $700 million, $400 million and $200 million, respectively, in the next three years.
Appendix: Company Financial Forecast Table: Canton International Finance Center, 5 Guangzhou West Road, Tianhe District, Guangzhou City, 4th Floor