The negative step-by-step clean-up, the value of which has not changed, goes back to history: the advertising industry has been heavily affected by macro-environmental impacts, but the media in the world are more optimistic 1) all three times in history have had a direct impact on the advertising industry; 2) the domestic advertising community as a whole.
The rate of growth has returned to single digits, but the rate of growth in media advertising in the world of life has remained at more than 20 per cent; 3) the macroeconomic rate of growth in 2012-2017, despite its decline, has remained steady for the company as a whole, and the growth prospects for the company have not changed.
q2 q2’s expansion has led to a rapid increase in rental costs and depreciation of equipment, and business costs have risen too quickly to lower Māori and net profits. If q2 and q3 are expanded, the company will be able to do so in the coming year.
The target, operating costs, will continue to be stressed. But given the changes in the macro-environment, the company is expected to expand at a slower pace in the coming year. According to our follow-up study, the resources for the new chartered buildings in 2018 were concentrated on the first line and in the major provincial cities, with less pressure from customers, and with the new annual budget of the advertiser being reworked, the new ones were signed.
Reconciling data analysis: a new wave of vs. catfish, using grass-roots research methods, captures and analyses location and advertising figures across the country.
According to detailed data covering cities and single-city locations, the difference between the quantity and quality of the new tides and the difference between the number of points and the number of points is “large” and the cost of the points is not very different, but the number and quality of advertising brands placed by the crowds are better, and the new tides are not yet able to make a positive impact, but it is undeniable that the media value of the new tides is gradually rising.
The future of the elevator advertising industry: elevators continue to penetrate thousands of floors, and according to our calculations, the national elevator market is currently only about 20%, and elevator advertising is the most popular medium.
High north-to-north penetration rates are 12-28%, and the permeable space remains large. In addition, the substitution media “line-upgrading” and end-intelligence & ai-entitlement are expected to open the second income curve of elevator advertising.
(a) “Share Media (002027): Ali's proposed strategic share of 10.3 per cent”, “In-depth report: Discreet Media (002027) performance is determined, company values remain unchanged, and it is recommended that long-term attention be given to maintaining the “increase” rating for the time being.
Large-scale ban on sales, continuing downswings in the macro-environment have led to a decline in advertising customers, a rise in spot profit, and a back-to-back: economic feedback has affected the advertising industry, but there is a clear impact on the advertising industry as a whole of the 1.1-per-three-point macroeconomic feedbacks in the world of life.
The country’s advertising market has entered a steady growth stage: according to data from the National Directorate of Commerce and Industry, China’s advertising campaign in 2017 stood at $6,89.6 billion, yoy:6%, returning to a single number for three consecutive years. In retrospect of historical data, we can divide the country’s advertising development into roughly four stages, and 1) a period of rapid growth.
From the 1979 reform and opening up to 1999, the industry base was small, with market developments ranging from the “0” to the “1” stage; (2) the pace of growth fell to about 10 per cent between 2000 and 2009, and the rate of growth in advertising was boosted by the Internet in the advertising medium in 2003; (4) the rate of growth in advertising has fallen to a single digit and the number of advertising lines has fallen since 2013
Advertisement turnover is related to the growth rate of gdp: the rapid growth of the domestic economy after reform and opening up and the high growth of gdp were accompanied by a small base of advertising that grew significantly faster than the economy as a whole, and the share of advertising operations/gdp (current prices) continued to rise, reaching a small peak of 0.78 per cent in 2004; and global finance in 2008/09.
The crisis, the domestic gdp boom, the advertising industry up less than the gdp boom, and the advertising turnover/gdp (current prices) drops to 0.57 per cent: the overall environment improved following the country ' s economic stimulus policy in 2008 and the advertising industry has risen, and the advertising turnover/gdp (current prices) has remained at around 0.87 per cent since then.
The correlation between advertising and the growth of social retailing is similar to that of gdp, but starting in 2012, the advertising industry has experienced a significant decline faster than that of social retailing, falling to less than 2 per cent of advertising/total social retailing, and the advertising industry has been more affected by the overall economic environment.
Three macro-level shifts have had a strong and related impact on the advertising industry (see figure 2), which increased significantly in 2009-2012 as a result of the Internet advertising. At this stage, the share of advertising businesses/gdp (current prices) is around 0.85%, the share of advertising businesses/total social retailing is around 2%, and the ratio of both is one for the last two years.
1.2 New media on the Internet are driving the advertising industry to grow, and with the rise of the Internet, a brand-new advertising medium is emerging. Advertising is the first means of realization of the Internet. The main portal, with Internet access, new waves, etc., is starting to carry advertising, followed by search, community, microblogging, communications workers.
For example, the traditional Internet company, which is dominated by advertising revenues (Since the new wave and the search for the 100 degrees), whose advertising industry grew at a high rate in 2005-2008, was affected by macro-environmental impacts, and declined at a faster rate in 2009, but increased in 2010 - 2011
After 2009, fox-searching advertising grew faster than the new wave in the same period, mainly because of the contribution of fox-searching video advertising. The search was dominated by 100 percent of its online market services (the advertising business is the main) that grew in high numbers from year to year until 2015. 2005-2015 was a decade of Internet growth.
From pc to mobile, covering 800 million Internet users, the breadth and accuracy of the traffic is beyond the reach of other media channels, known as the Year of Cyber Advertisement in 2005, the first-ever breakthrough in Internet advertising in 2007 and the recovery of the macro-environmental impact in 2008/09, but the rate of increase and breakthrough of 30 billion in 2010 quickly rebounded and reached three years later.
100 billion dollars. The online advertising cagr was 50.3 per cent in 2010-2013, and despite the fall of the gdp to less than 10 per cent during the same period, the overall advertising industry grew rapidly, creating a peak of growth. 1.3 The economic cycle has been marked by a sharp historical split: performance is driven both by building resource expansion and by cinema operations.
The rate of growth in the world of life media advertising is no less than that of Internet advertising: the overall advertising industry is growing at a steady pace, but it is more marked that the channels are divided, and the media in the world are growing at a higher rate, not less than the rate of Internet advertising, which, according to ctr, was 20.4 per cent, 18.8 per cent and 20.4 per cent, respectively, for elevator television, elevator posters and cinema advertising in 2017.
25.5 per cent, significantly higher than 12.4 per cent of Internet advertising, and higher than the number of traditional advertising channels in the first half of 2018, have not changed this trend.
Low & Acquisition Driver Business Surge + Integration Volatility + Return to Core Business Performance Rewinded steadily”: The low base & acquisition in 2003-2007 led to a sharp increase in revenue, the company started operating mainly in the building video advertising market in 2003, and NASDAQ was listed in 2005 and acquired expansion capital, followed by 2006 and 2006
In 2007, the framework for the purchase of elevator poster advertisers, the conglomerates of electronic poster advertisers, pre-screen advertisers acl, led outdoor advertisers, and Internet advertisers kept the entire company growing at a rate of more than 100 per cent, with large business plans, but the focus of the operation “blind”;
It is expected that companies will gradually begin to dissipate non-core operations, that in December 2008 they will dissipate the official press, that in 2010 they will dissipate media companies, and that they will strip away non-core operations, which will cause significant fluctuations in performance, but that the core business strategy of the live media will become clearer;
3) From 2012 to date, the return to core & performance has recovered steadily, with a renewed focus on the media in the life circle, and the three business matrices of “Building + cinema + malls” have continued to date, with macroeconomic growth continuing downwards (gdp growth from 2012 onwards) as the main reasons for the steady recovery:
During the return to a share, building resources expanded considerably, four years of building resources (framework plus elevator video+digital poster) grew) cinema advertising grew rapidly, bringing new growth points, companies acquired acl in 2006 pre-screening advertisements, theater advertising for the first time broke 500 million yuan (505 million yuan) in 2012, and cinema advertising for 2017 $2.33 billion.
In 19% of the year, pre-screening advertising led to the growth of the company as a whole. 1) Overall, the impact of the macroeconomic environment on the advertising industry is clear, with three economic reviews in history having a direct impact on the advertising industry, but the rise in Internet advertising in 2005 has led to a recovery in the advertising industry, which has seen an increase in the growth of the advertising industry.
2) The domestic advertising market is close to 700 billion and the overall growth rate has returned to a single-digit level, but the rate of growth in the media has remained at over 20 per cent, and the slowdown in the advertising industry in general does not represent a decline in the rate of growth in the media in the world. 3) The mass media in the economic cycle have been able to find growth points, and the company ' s business has returned to the media in 2012.
The main points of growth are the “dividend” from cinema advertising and pre-investment in building resources, the 700 billion ads, and the prospect of corporate development in the market, which is not too pessimistic.
2.1 The decline in Māori & net profit during the single quarter, mainly due to the increase in rental costs due to newly signed building resources, and the non-post net profit, is the main reason for the decline in Māori performance of the company as a whole, beginning in the third quarter of 2018:
1) Rent costs have risen significantly, rent costs have been the largest share of operating costs, 75% in 2017, companies have been “reclaimed” from the second quarter, newly contracted building resources have had to be paid in advance, usually one quarter or six months in advance, and company advances have been made mainly to cover the rental of media resources as of the third quarter of 2018.
This represents an increase of $1.17 billion, or 153.7 per cent, over the beginning of the year. Of this amount, prepaid media resources are leased at $1.117 billion and q3 represents an increase of $548 million over q2, more than half of which is used to pre-arrange new signed spot rents.
2. Large purchases of equipment, increased depreciation amortization of fixed equipment, increased depreciation amortization costs, single-quarter ring comparison data showing an increase of $172 million in fixed assets from 2018q2 to q1, an increase of 695 million from q2 to q2, an increase of approximately $200 million in q4 to q3 and an increase in depreciation amortization costs due to increased fixed costs.
The depreciation cycle is five years, with a much smaller impact of depreciation amortization on the cost of the business than the rent, compared with the cumulative cost of the rent. The cost falls during the period, and the company’s ability to receive customers and resources does not decline: q3 sales from single-quarter data
The cost/revenue ratio was 13.29%, the lowest since the return to a share, reflecting the very strong clientship under the company ' s direct-client model, in contrast to competitors such as the new tide. The q3 management fee (including R & D)/revenue ratio was 3.95%, which was lower than during the same period last year, and was a normal change in scope.
Taking into account the financial costs. Overall, the cost of the company's period did not drag off the net profit, the expansion of q2 did not put pressure on the company to manage and sell, and the ability to take the elevator resources and the guests did not show for the time being that they were being paid in advance (a quarter or a half of a year) by the company to the newly contracted building property.
The “locking” of elevator resources, the large increase in advance payments and the rise in rental costs, beginning with q3, led to a decline in the q3 Māori rate; the company continued to sign new building resources at q3 and the accumulated rental costs rose rapidly. At the same time, the company purchased elevator television and the framework increased the depreciation of fixed assets.
The projected annual operating cost of $1.5 billion (76 per cent as projected for yoy) is $4.8 billion (48 per cent for yoy), an increase of about $1.6 billion over 2017, leading to an almost zero annual net profit increase (the three-quarterly report predicts whether the company ' s annual net 2.2 performance will continue downward: focus on when the expansion of building resources will continue?
As proposed at the annual session and published in the annual edition of 2017, the strategic expansion plan predates the second quarter of the new wave media by “shouting” to 2018h1, with 2,167,000 sales places (endpoints), of which approximately 2,120,000 (approximately 800,000 elevators) are located in buildings, 13,000 cinema halls and 45,000 supermarket television terminals, and at the point of sale.
This represents 43% of the medium-term target. 2.6-2.7 million places are estimated for 2018, while the first three quarters of the company ' s advance rental of media resources increased from the beginning of the year. 1.52 million places were sold at the end of the year, close to 270 places were estimated, and 54% of the medium-term target was achieved.
It also means that the cost of the company will continue to be stressed. But, influenced by the macroeconomic environment and competition input, the public administration is expected to slow down the expansion of its resources next year and reduce the pressure from rising costs.
2.3 Does the performance continue downward: can the pick-up speed be increased? 2.3.1 Media value angle: the breadth and accuracy of the flow determine the value of the media, and the split value remains the two factors determining the value of the advertising medium: 1) the breadth of the flow; 2) the accuracy of the flow. From the view of the advertiser.
The two main principles for selecting media channels are to reach the widest audience and the most accurate target audience, with audience data being at the core of their competition.
Ctr's general analysis of domestic advertising media can be divided into three broad categories: 1) television ecclesiastical circles that are seen as dominant, have a wide television coverage (100 per cent) and are credible, but the number of viewers and opening hours are declining, and the crowd is “old” and the flow is less accurate;
2) Internet Media Ecoosphere, all-weather Media, interactive, high connectivity, wide coverage (nearly 800 million Internet users), data integrity, accurate flow: 3) Life Circle Media, high (88%), high match, life circle Media covering most middle-class production,
As a result, advertising has been spending a year-on-year downward trend in the television media, and the Internet and the media in the world have continued to rise.
The flow that the media channels cannot cover is the core of their competition. There is more room to optimize the accuracy of the traffic, intelligence, big end and &ai data are inevitable, and the value of their media channels is not fully exploited. First is end intelligence, elevator television collecting audience data according to a visual system, electronic poster networking, and a screen (procedure) to be tested.
It's smart to buy, thousands of floors; then, in combination with big ai data, the significance of the Ali15 billion in strategic entry lies in the combination of big data and algorithms that are used in advertising channels under separate lines. 2.3.2 Business development perspective: stock building resources are being saturated over time to expand the search for new growth points.
With regard to elevator television (online), the rate of effective coverage in first-line cities has reached 60-75 per cent: according to our long-term tracking and measurement, the company has about 30 brands on the first-line city network this year, while about 40-50 are available for effective airtime (working hours), and 60-75 per cent for the network.
First-line cities account for about 20% of the company’s total space, but the price is about three times as high as in second-line cities and about 10 times higher than in third-line and lower-line cities, with the highest proportion of elevator television operations. First-line city networks are becoming more saturated, and elevator television operations are growing with stock resources.
There is limited space, and there is an urgent need to expand resources to enhance future business growth. Elevator television has been added a3 network, which opens up: elevator television commercials are sold in cities, advertisers choose cities for placement, collection models = unit prices * cover the number of cities*.
q3 used to have only a1 and a2 network systems, with only limited additions to the original network, with business space limited to two networks. The new network could only be formed once the number of new sites had been added. According to our long-term tracking, the company began to form a3 network in q3 and elevator television operations.
The previous growth in the elevator television business was mainly due to the annual increase in unit prices and the increase in the listing rate, which was limited by increases in prices from other sources, such as Internet advertising, and the presence of existing elevator television resources at a certain saturation point, where elevator television had to look for new growth points.
The new a3 network, which covers mainly first-line cities and provincial capitals, is relatively easy to reach: q3 new a3 network, which covers about 27 cities, with the exception of the two cities directly under the Central Government, namely Chongqing and Tianjin, in the north, the remaining 21 cities are provincial capitals or new cities in the country, with the highest usage of the network and the highest concentration in the centre.
In the case of frame advertising, the stock frame posting rate (utilization rate) is nearly 60%, the sales point of the frame advertising is generating revenue, collection = the number of unit prices*,* the unit price changes have the same ceiling as elevator TV advertising, the number of frames.
With successive years of low growth in 2016-2017, performance increases are largely dependent on the posting rate, which, according to our tracking, is nearly 60%. Framework advertising is static, updated manually on a weekly basis, with no turnover and speed compared to elevator television, with new advertising labels waiting (in line with grass-roots research), stock frames.
The new framework allows for the diversion of some of the advertising clients, reduces the waiting time for inventory customers, and improves the efficiency of the advertising business as a whole. After analysing the downward trend in corporate performance, the expansion of q2 has led to a rapid increase in the spread of rental costs and depreciation of equipment.
Plus, according to our estimates, the medium-term 5 million end-points of the company ' s contracted media resources will continue to be under pressure. But given the changes in the macro-environment, it is not clear whether the company will maintain its current expansion rate in the coming year.
In 2018, new chartered buildings were concentrated on the front line and on major provincial capitals, with less pressure from customers and more optimistic income-generating capacity as advertisers reworked their new annual budgets.
3.1 Media presentation analysis: The new tidal screen is more like a frame than the new wave poster vs in space: according to our research, the new tidal screen is basically installed in elevator boxes, there are very few screens in the waiting area, and the new tidal wave has about 37,000 spots in Shanghai, for example.
It covers about 2,000 floors, few of which are installed in elevator waiting areas, most screens are installed inside the elevator, and within space, the new tide's screens compete with the static framework of the crowd. At the same time, the market has also seen advertising in elevators, such as ladders.
Figure 23: In the elevator, in parallel with the split-account framework, the new tide screen, the projection, the new tides competed, and the split elevator video position was strong: instead of taking the position of the elevator advertising media in front of the new tide into the elevator advertising market, the choice was to have a sound screen on the elevators to open two narrow spaces.
The area is where the elevator media companies did not occupy the previous positions, generally outside the scope of the “exclusion agreement” and enter the elevator, where the new wave of audio-visual advertising competes with the new wave of frame advertising. The frame panel is large, long and fixed (one-week change), and the new wave of vertical audio is combined with some impact.
It is more difficult to seize the waiting time to separate the elevators from television, 1) there is a “3+2” contract period with the property industry, the area, for exclusion, with scarce resources tied in time: 2) the waiting room is the best, the audience waits the longest, the corresponding rent is the most expensive, the “resource grab” costs are higher, and the loss is greater in the short term if income is not generated, and the “hard grab” falls within the category.
3.2 Building resources comparison: not only quantitative differences, but also quality differences. Wideness analysis -- at the point of sale: as of 2018h1, there were 20,747 thousand places in the public building, assuming elevators, three frames in two of the three elevators in the waiting area, and three frames in the elevator box.
In the same period, we studied a new wave of about 400,000 (less than the declared 600,000), and the framework has not yet been opened, with the installation of a screen inside the elevator box, assuming that each elevator is equipped with a screen, there are 400,000 elevators nationwide.
The number of places is about five times the number of new tides and the number of elevators covered is about two. The number of places sold is five times the number of new tides, while the number of places covered by elevators is only two, mainly because 2.07 million are sold around 10,000, mainly in residential buildings, which coincides with the number of new tides.
Wideness analysis - urban coverage: From the entire media of the life cycle, about 300 cities are covered, including 201 buildings in the country and five in the Republic of Korea; given the new wave of media in the form of elevator television, the self-employed elevators alone, according to our research data, cover about 123 cities, and the new wave covers about 80 cities.
In terms of coverage of cities as a whole, the difference is four times as high as the new tide, and the advantage is not apparent from the single-room video coverage of cities. Accuracy analysis -- elevator television covers the city level: in terms of elevator television coverage of cities alone, 19 or two of the first-line cities (including the new one) are covered, while the second line is also largely covered, with three lines and below being covered more widely;
In terms of the number of points in the cities, the number of places in the cities varies from one to the next, with first-line cities with almost 60 per cent of the points on the ladder television, the largest income-generating city.
Figure 27: Elevator TV: The number of places in the cities of the new wave vs. the number of places in the north is higher: the city with the largest concentration of middle-born people in the north is the city with the highest number of places in the north, and the number of places in the north is the highest.
20% and 19%, respectively, with a highly consistent distribution of points. Accuracy of traffic – far north, deep business buildings: the total number of new points in the big, deep north city is equal to the total number of installed elevators, but the number of points is significantly better.
In terms of number of places, the number of places is three to seven times the size of the new tide; the number of places in the commercial building is about 40% compared to the total number of places in the elevators, while the number of places in the commercial building is only 3 to 20%, the quality of the points varies greatly, and the core is largely monopolized.
3.3 Cost-side: Building media spot rent of $1,000-1500 per year Average spot rental of $1619 per year per year in 2017 and, according to company reports for 2015-217, vehicle spot rental costs of $1,876 million, 2,274 million and 2,466 million, respectively, for all points in the corresponding period
In terms of research, the number of single spot rents in other building media is not significantly different from the average in 2017, as shown by the above-mentioned commercial advertising of a written building in the commercial circle of Sea Age Avenue (there are separate elevators in the same building).
(Television, electronic poster) with a single spot rent of $1,500/year. New tide spot rent: new tide financial data are not publicly available, accurate spot rent data are not known, based on new tide founders open data: “The rent in the ladder frame is about 1.5 times the rent in the new tide screen,” and new tide screen spot rents are slightly lower than the frame
The number of points is estimated to be around 400,000 (research data), on the basis of which a total of $400 million-$60 million per year is selected. 3.4 Income-generating end: the number and quality of advertising clients are not at the same level.
In terms of branding, it is not at one level: 1) and, as we have analysed in Part 2, the company's elevators and televisions (associated networks) and the frame have a coverage rate of over 60%, and the new brands have to be “queued” for publication. And the department is dominated by large brands, usually signed for 0.5-1 years, with a large amount and a relatively stable account period.)
On the other hand, the number of advertisements at this stage is low, but the number of spots is high, the channel is of some value, the location is in a process of gradual opening, the main advertising budget is produced over a period of time, and the number of ads on the new tidal screen is rising.
For example: 1) in terms of the number of brands to be published, 40 brands (30 cards to be aired in Nanjing) were webcast in Shanghai, while 10 brands were aired in the new wave; 2) in terms of the quality of the brands to be published, there was no apparent "filling" of brands, there was a relatively poor display of brands on the new tide, and there was a "filling" phenomenon.
In terms of advertising overlap, there are other advertising brands that are different and have a low degree of re-entry, with the exception of those in Kyoto. In the short term, there is a large gap between the number and the quality of the listed brands, and the ability of the two channels to generate income is not yet measured. However, based on the data we track every week, the number of brands in the new tide is high.
4. Future space for the elevator advertising industry: elevators continue to penetrate & thousands of floors & 4.1 pairs of holding elevators continue to penetrate
By 2017, the number of elevators in the country stood at 5.63 million, with an average annual increase of about 700,000. The elevator stock market continues to have a low penetration rate, with the largest number of elevators in the country, covering only about 910,000 elevators, or about 20% of the entire elevator market.
Considering that elevators and new tidal elevators are covered by crowds, we estimate that the depths of the north are 21%, 28%, 12%, and 19%, respectively, and that the stock elevator market has a large amount of penetration space. The rapid expansion of q2 and q3 building resources in 2018 also reflects the continued high level of sustainable penetration of elevator space.
Figure 34: National elevator holdings of 5.63 million in 2017
The traditional elevator media are artificially available, sold on a week-by-week basis, and have a regional outreach that is less efficient than Internet advertising. But the elevator media dots with the birthable lbs properties, digitizes them, buys resources in a joint process, and advertisers have the flexibility to select positions through the trading terminal.
“Governance + Ali” & “New tide + 100” means a combination of traffic channels and lines on the line. As communication conditions and terminal equipment improve, elevator television in the elevator media can be intelligent and the bottom-up terminal “Internetized”, and resources such as big data, algorithms, advertising systems, etc. can be combined with elevator television to guide each other.
The public is developing a system for advertising "thousands of squares" of buildings, a brand-new smart terminal, a program-based purchasing system for small and medium-sized advertising customers, supported by big Ali data, who are expected to put ads directly through apps.
It is expected to be tested by the end of the year and, in line with corporate strategic development, the new system is expected to open a second line of business collections for the company. At the same time, the new tide is currently experimenting with its smart delivery system (bits).
Figure 38: Bits building ads for self-inflicted "thousands of squares" are still in the experimental phase of purchasing ads for buildings, with public and new elevators in the media, TV being a thousand-story vehicle, and terminal "Internetization" is a prerequisite.
The system is expected to be independent of the existing elevator television, located in a larger number of elevator buildings for small and medium-sized businesses, oriented towards small and medium-sized businesses (e.g., marketing of lunch events within 3 km of a mall restaurant), with a large market and promising future prospects. 23.34% of the total is in the form of mediamanagehk, a foreign capital agency that actually controls 100% of the stockholdings in Jiang Namchun.
The lifting of the ban on sales held 100 per cent of Jiang Namchun's holdings, with less probability of large-scale reductions, and the majority of the remaining shareholders' investment institutions set up around 2015, mostly purely financial investments
By the end of the third quarter, the company had received a government subsidy of $605 million, and in 2017 it received a government subsidy of Zhang Jiang Finance, Guangdong Finance and other sporadic financial subsidies.
Refunds, grouping out of the media are typical cultural advertising companies, non-polluted small-asset companies, large tax-paying schemes, types of companies where governments focus on attracting money, and financial subsidies are more common than one-time subsidies. Although there has been a certain decline in the total volume, we believe that government subsidies are widely distributed.
The company q2 started to expand rapidly in reverse cycles, resulting in a cumulative increase in spot rents, leading to a sharp increase in operating costs, which would bring the full year ' s return to the mother ' s net profit in 2018 to almost the same level as in 2017. We expect the company ' s q4 resource growth rate to be almost equal to that of 2017.
q2 and q3 are basically consistent, but with the changing macro-environment, the rate of expansion in 2019 is expected to moderate, and cost-side pressures are expected to decrease. Revenues are being contributed. The company’s new location is concentrated in the centre of the first-line city and second-line provincial capital city, covering the flow.
The factors are gradually being cleared up, the company’s value remains unchanged, and it is recommended that long-term attention be given to maintaining the “increase” rating for the time being. (3) The continuing downs in the macro-environment have led to a decline in advertising clients and to the underutilization of new locations:
4. The authors, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association (CIIA) for consulting on securities investment, present the present report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner.
The data used in the commitment reports are based on compliance channels and the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional integrity and competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects his research views and concludes by reasoning his judgement that the conclusions are not subject to any third party ' s approval or influence.
According to the Securities Operating Licence (z23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.E.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the CVM. The securities investment advisory business is the act of the institution that acquires the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and its consultants in providing securities investors or customers with relevant information, analysis, forecasting, and publication of securities investment to customers.