Life in China (601628.sh/2628.hk)
Three-quarterly reports of Chinese life, 541 billion in the first three quarters of 2018, while yoy fell by 1.2%, remain historically low. Despite the pressure on short-term investment returns, the medium- and long-term investment value has not changed, and performance has been lower than expected: three-quarter reports of Chinese life and 5410 in the third quarter of 2018.
Mainly investment-side drag: At the income-side, weak growth was largely driven by investment-side drag, with total investment returns (investment returns + fair value change gains/losses) of 78.5 billion in the previous three quarters, a sharp decline from last year ' s same period (103.9 billion) and mainly influenced by low equity markets, with fair prices.
The value-change gain/loss yoy was shifted from positive to negative, and the share of the fund was also lower than in the same period last year. (In terms of investment indicators, the return on total investment in the previous three quarters was 3.3 per cent, while yoy fell by 1.8 pct, which is now rising, as expected, and also in line with the premium targets set by the company at the beginning of the year.
There has been an increase in the premium rate: operating expenditures have remained almost the same as in the same period last year. While the reserve allocation of institutional investors to the share of the liquidity a has slowed down operating expenditures, due to an increase in the premium rate, the 302018 rebate rate has already been achieved
Up to 4.43%, yoy upped 0.62 pct, leading to an increase in refunds and a 28.9% to 10.7 billion. Looking ahead, the equity market or bottom warms back, premium growth remains robust, market concentration rises: the current equity market valuation is at the bottom and the likelihood of future warming is high, giving life to Chinese.
China’s life itself is focused on long-term, guaranteed insurance products, and is expected to remain a constant pattern of strong players, with firms expected to move forward.
One billion, or more, went up to 80.2 billion and 904.3 billion, corresponding to 18 and 19 years of pev 0.8 x and 0.7 x, respectively. But without changing the value of medium- and long-term investments, we still rate them as “buy-in.” The expected remuneration (expected return; er) is as follows:
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. are not made by individual clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare the report is reliable, but the information in the report has not been independently verified.