The results of the reform of the channels show a marked improvement in the core indicators Events: Xinhua Insurance published its annual report 2023 and Xinhua Insurance achieved $16,59.03.0 million in 2023 in premiums earned by the company (601336)
\triangleright continued to optimize the business structure, in particular by focusing on high-value rollover business development, with a small increase in corporate whole premium revenue (oy+1.7 per cent) in 2023 and a long annual contribution ratio for the first year of long-term insurance
Practice number: s15005192120002 First-year premium ratio +11.6 pct to 57.6 per cent, first-year premium payment +31.8 per cent for the long-term insurance period. +31.8 per cent. Improved business structure drives a significant increase in the value of new operations based on prudence
Under the adjusted ev scenario, the company ' s 2023 nbv was $3.024 billion, based on the original assumption, and the research assistant for the non-banking financial sector in Zhang Kei Qi: the clean reform accelerated and the insurance was developed simultaneously. 1) One insurance channel: it was achieved in 2023.
The premium income was $115,576 million, almost equal, and the first year of long-term insurance was equal to +9.8 per cent.
In the context of the rate shift, optimized channel layout, with premiums of $47,824 million in 2023, up from an all-time high of +60.5% in 2023 for the first year of long-term insurance coverage. At the investment end: the return on total investment fell and the share of bonds and equity assets rose.
The 10-year interest rate on national debt represents a ten-year long-end interest rate with scarce, high-quality non-target assets, increased volatility in equity markets, leading to fluctuations in investment returns, and the corporate return on total investment in 2023. The same rate of return on the same year was driven mainly by the gains and losses on the sale of investment assets and changes in fair value.
At the end of the day, the value of the company's untied assets invested was $15,69,948 million, representing a percentage of total investment assets Investment proposal: the effects of the change in the company's channels were constantly evident in 2023, with core indicators such as the value of the new business \triangleright
A marked improvement in performance, a continuous improvement in the quality of the channel team, and, as the human capacity gap is further advanced, with the growth of Sindh Securities, Inc., the optimal structure of the end-of-debt product is expected to lead to an increase in the value of the new business, with a risk path or a prospect of movement.
At the macro-policy level, the value contribution is expected to increase with the optimal structure of the silver insurance channel.
In the context of continued dynamism, we believe that both the corporate assets and liabilities are expected to improve and contribute to the recovery of valuations, and recommend that attention be paid to the risk factors: the proxies are not as fast as expected; the structural transformation is not as effective as expected;
Figure 1: Gross premium income and rate of increase
Figure 4: Risk marketing staff (thousands of people) and speed of growth Professional, former Deputy General Manager of the Naval Capital Leasing Industry, and General Manager of the Yonghai Leasing Operations Department, formerly employed in the China-China Portfolio Portfolio, and the China-Custom Securities Research and Development Centre, November 2019.
In August 2022, he joined the Sino-Solda Portfolio for research in the non-Soldier financial sector. Zhang Kai-jin, Master of Arts in Economics, Wuhan University, Master of Actuarial Science, Boston University, 4 years of actuarial experience in insurance, June 2022.
Liao Chiu, Master of Arts, National University of Singapore, Bachelor of Arts, Zhejiang University, and a pilot course in financial science.
In November 2022, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre to carry out banking research. The components are irrelevant, irrelevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views contained in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.