On July 21st, 2025, Trinity Control (stock code: 002050)
For the first time, Trina has been the world’s largest manufacturer of refrigeration control devices and the world’s leading supplier of vehicle, air-conditioning and heat-management system control components. In the counter-Kano circulation chain, companies are centrally competitive in the field of refrigeration smart control devices, especially in high-value-added products such as electronic expansion valves, new energy car heat management integrated components.
The human robotic implementers and the storage heat management system will become the new growth point for companies, and will be an important driver of future growth. Cagr’s 14.5%, maintaining steady growth.) Market potential is underestimated.
In addition to traditional household air-conditioning, refrigerators, commercial central air-conditioning, heat pumps, large freezers, etc. The demand for central air-conditioning is also strong. For example, the return of manufacturing in the United States has led to an increase in demand for central air-conditioning.
In Western Europe, policies have promoted heat pumps to replace gas boilers, which have recently become industry bright spots. According to the Frost Sullivan report, the global refrigeration and air conditioning control component market will reach $51.6 billion in 2029, cagr 7.2% in 2024-2029, and Lillith in 2029.
The potential for growth is still significant. 3) The city was led by a strong bargaining power. In 2024, the global RAC IV switch to valves, electron expansion valves, microchannel heat exchangers, cut-off valves, electromagnetic valves, megga pumps and ball valves accounted for 55.4 per cent, 51.4 per cent, 43.4 per cent, 39.1 per cent, 47.7 per cent, 53.6 per cent and 32.8 per cent of products, respectively.
Ground Thought First. 4) With excellent supply chain capacity and product quality, companies have stronger bargaining power among their clients. 27.4% of the refrigeration business in 2024, comparable to the Māori of the auto parts business, shows greater profitability.
Qin Qin Ji-Qin has continued to grow in motor parts and components operations with high motor energy: 1) The auto parts and components business is the second-largest growth curve of the company, particularly in the new energy car heat management system, which has a significant competitive advantage. 2021-2022 saw the start-up of the business, which was driven by an explosion.
Thanks to a strong accumulation of technology and product controls, even in the context of increased competition in the automotive sector, the Māori rate of company zero operations has remained stable. The global penetration rate of new energy vehicles reached 23.6% in 2024, and there is still much room for improvement in the future.
Robots and storage can bring new growth poles: 1) storage heat management is promising. Power cell heat management is a counter-card.
The emerging vertical application of the No cycle chain of industry is at a fast-growing stage, where companies are expected to make a breakthrough with technological advantages. 2) Robot business potential is renewable. The company is deeply tied to Tesla, the main supplier of its human robotic implementers. With Tesla robots moving towards volume production, the company's business-related revenues are expected to be fast.
Quick growth. At present, ai and ingenuity technology are rapidly developing, and the spread of universal human robots in non-standard applications is at a critical point, with wide market space for the future.
I. Corporate profile, new business multiple times contributing to high growth of companies (i) strong counter-Cano circulation chain and business expansion of companies, leading the global counter-Cano circulation chain components, including refrigerators, heating air conditioners, new energy car heat management, storage heat tubes
The company’s first major business was domestic air conditioners, refrigerators, central air conditioners, including air conditioners electronic expansion valves, four-way valves, electromagnetic valves, microchannel heat exchangers. With excellent industrialization, the company became a key partner for Tesla.
The important supporting role is the creation of a second business curve for auto heat management, with products dominated by electronic expansion valves, new energy car heat tubes, and storage heat management, one of the important applications of the reverse Cano cycle, which has great potential for the future. Storage heat management is part of the reverse card no cycle industrial chain, and corporate technological excellence has been restored. In recent years, companies have focused on the business layout of core customers, closely tracking storage capabilities.
The company announced in the first half of 2023 a successful breakthrough in the storage heat management system solution.
Tesla is a pioneer in the development of human robots, and the company, with its ability to build a good industrial supply chain, is deeply involved in the creation of human robot zero components. Tesla worked with the company in depth, recognizing the company as a first-tier supplier in 2017, and has been the company’s first customer for many years. As a leading company in the field of technology, Tesla has continued to expand intelligent buildings and storage on the basis of intelligent driving in recent years.
New lanes such as energy, human robotics, brain interfaces, and space. Technical barriers that depend on sophisticated components of new energy vehicles and the advantages of a globalized supply chain, continue to deepen their core collaboration with Tesla and continue to expand to storage, human robotics. (ii) Business diversification has led to a number of high growth rates.
The expansion of multi-operational vertical applications based on technological reuse capacity has seen a number of peaks in growth in corporate revenue. Until 2016, company revenue growth was driven by refrigeration components, benefiting from the expansion of the air-conditioning market, driven by policies such as power-diversion, old-change and energy-saving subsidies from 2008 to 2013, and from better growth in company refrigeration operations, with the recovery of gagr in 2009-2016
In 2017, the company also showed zero operations, which grew by 41 per cent on a year-on-year basis, followed by zero operations, which became the main growth in corporate income management health development, with a sharp increase in corporate performance. (iii) Global supply chain distribution
To serve global clients, such as Tesla, Europe and America, and Japan’s warmth customers, companies have globalized supply chains. By December 31, 2024, companies had a total of 48 production plants worldwide, including 13 overseas production plants in the United States, Poland, Mexico, Turkey, Austria, Viet Nam, Thailand, and India; and six research and development bases for leading industries in applying R & D innovations.
Three of them are located in China, two in the United States, and one in Germany. Not only can they reduce the transport distance, reduce transport output, accelerate product delivery, and help companies build resilience in a complex and volatile international trading environment, enabling companies to better adapt to the diversity of global markets and create more favourable conditions for sustainable development.
(iv) Companies focus on shareholder returns, with sustained long-term financial recognition. In recent years, companies have grown rapidly, with a high red rate and long-term financial recognition. From 2010 to the present, the company ' s cash share has continued to fuel the concept of source cars and man-made robots, and stock prices have continued to rise and become a source of financial concern. As of the first quarter of 2025, the warehouse had three flowers in its possession.
There are 180 open funds (both stock-based and mixed) under intellectual control, holding 7.21% of the company’s liquidity and market value ranking, and the fifth in the household power industry’s rehousing. With the end of the daily excess allocation, h shares are expected to be released at 477 million shares, with a successful distribution of eps 12.78%. According to the company,
The previous fund-raising plan foresees that HK$ 2.3 billion (about 30 per cent of the net funds released) of the fund-raising will be used in the next three years to expand and build new plants in China and increase the level of automation of production, of which HK$ 1.935 billion will be invested in the upgrading and upgrading of auto parts and components plants (25 per cent) and HK$387 million will be used to upgrade the production lines associated with refrigeration parts and components in order to further improve the productivity and efficiency of companies.
The company will expand and build five to seven new production plants, upgrade automated production equipment, recruit technical staff, and increase the annual capacity of auto parts and refrigeration and air-conditioning appliances in China by about 1.9 million and 5.6 million, respectively, by the end of 2028. The remaining funds will be used to replenish liquidity.
The global market for refrigeration and air-conditioning components (i) has grown steadily in size, with strong dynamic growth in the core sub-categories and the global market for refrigeration and air-conditioning control units growing steadily in size.
Redrive global demand for refrigeration air-conditioning is increasing, thus stimulating the growth of the market size of the refrigeration air-conditioning control units. According to frost & sullivan, the market size of the global refrigeration air-conditioning control units, by income, has grown from RMB 27.5 billion in 2020 to RMB 36.4 billion in 2024, or 7.4% in cagr; it is expected to increase further to RMB 51.6 billion by 2029.
The largest share of the global RAC component market was $17.9 billion in 2024, or 49.2 per cent, and the share of the control, heat and pump categories was 19.2 per cent, 16.5 per cent and 3.0 per cent, respectively.
According to frost&sullivan, 2024 frequency change controllers, microchannel heat changers, and four-way valves, the market generated $5.8 billion, $5.5 billion and $5.3 billion, respectively, which together accounted for more than 50% of the market ' s largest three key components. Of this, the microchannel for heat change benefited from the performance improvements brought about by technological innovations, with cagr reaching 16.9% in 2020-2024.
The fastest breakdown of key components is expected to remain in the lead by 2029. Electronic expansion valves benefit from global air-conditioning penetration (ii) China is the largest global market, with policy and demand driving key product booms, and China is the largest global market for refrigeration and air-conditioning control units, according to frost&sullivan, 2024.
A series of low-carbon energy-saving policies, such as China’s 2024-2025 Energy Conservation Actors, and an increase in the population’s environmental awareness in 2024, generated an accelerated phase-out of pre-existing environmental-polluting refrigerants, thus contributing to an increase in demand for energy-efficient refrigeration and air-conditioning control units. In addition, the growth of demand in overseas markets has led to a further increase in Chinese enterprise production.
By 2029, China’s RAC control unit revenue is expected to increase to $24.9 billion, accounting for 48.3% of total global RAC unit revenue, indicating a strong potential for development. China’s cold-chain logistics and data centers have emerged, driving up the market size of related components, such as electronic expansion valves, pressure sensors, etc.
Rapid growth. As the cold chain logistics industry and the data centre industry rapidly develop, refrigeration air-conditioning control devices have opened up wide market opportunities in emerging markets. According to frost&sullvan, between 2020 and 2024, Chinese cold-chain logistics and data centre service markets were 8.8% cagr and 11.6%, respectively, and downstream applications were more efficient and feasible for quality and air conditioning, promoting exclusive spare parts.
At the same time, the core components used for cold chain logistics and data centre cooling are e-inflated valves, pressure sensors are concentrated in the Chinese market regulation (iii) in the refrigeration sector, with three flowers being the world’s first leading product-market concentration for refrigeration and air-conditioning control units, and leading firms are dominated by technology, cost and size.
According to frost&sullivan, the world ' s three leading suppliers of refrigeration air conditioners had a market share of 81 per cent in 2024, with valves, heat changers, controllers, pump-type suppliers cr3 having a market share of 89.7 per cent, 92.8 per cent, 31.6 per cent, and 87.5 per cent, respectively. Companies are industry leaders with the world ' s highest market share in a variety of core product categories.
In 2024, the company ' s market share was first in the four-way valves, the megga pump, the electronic expansion valves, the electromagnetic valves, the microchannel heat exchangers, the cut-off valves, and the full-scale product of the ball valves, at 55.4 per cent, 53.6 per cent, 51.4 per cent, 47.7 per cent, 43.4 per cent, 39.1 per cent and 32.8 per cent, respectively, in the global market shares of pressure sensors and controllers, with market rates of 15.9 per cent and 12.5 per cent, respectively.
Companies have a clear advantage in the size and profitability of their refrigeration operations. In terms of operating income, companies earned $16.6 billion, or +13.1 per cent, of their 2024 cold operations, and in the last four years they have continued to grow in a positive way, consistently ahead of the dominant competitors in the domestic refrigeration sector. In terms of the Māori rate, the Māori rate of their refrigeration operations has remained at 25 per cent.
A high 30% is higher than a competitor. With greater product-pricing capacity and cost control, companies achieve a double performance of income and profits, and market competitiveness leads.
Disclosures are the “Refrigerant Parts Industry” III and II business curves, new energy car heat management taps, new energy car penetration is rapidly increasing, and the market is huge.
(xxiii) The global new energy automobile industry is booming, with our country contributing more than half of the world’s output. The global decarbonization target for the automobile industry, the upgrading of new energy technologies for automobiles, and the development of new energy vehicle recharge infrastructure have led to rapid global growth in the new energy automobile industry.
At the domestic level, the country ' s new energy automobile industry is fast and long-term, contributing more than half of the world ' s output. In 2024, we sold 1,229 million new energy cars, contributing 57.4 per cent of the world ' s sales, sold new energy vehicles, increased their penetration rates by 9.9 percentage points to 44.6 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
More than fuel cars, the build-up of auto-downside policies and the acquisition tax credit will only apply to new energy vehicles, which are supported by stronger sales of new energy vehicles in the country. Meanwhile, the commercialization of smart grids and autopilot technologies is gradually taking place, further increasing the penetration of new energy vehicles, and driving the rapid expansion of the parts and components market for auto heat management systems.
The core components of traditional heat management include air-conditioning compressors, radiators, oil chillers, coolers, etc., at a price of $500-100 and a total of $2230 per vehicle. Eleven core parts of the new energy car heat management core are added to the cooling board, battery coolers, electronic expansion valves, etc., and use electric compressors (approximately $1,500)
Replacement of conventional mechanical compressors (about $500) and heating of ptc (about $400) with heat pump systems (about $1,500), bringing the value of new energy car heat management bicycles to $6410, nearly three times the value of conventional fuel vehicles. (ii) Rapid growth in the global new energy vehicle spare parts industry
The global auto heat management system component industry has grown rapidly, and the contribution of the new energy car heat management system component revenue has increased significantly. With the increase in the global penetration rate of new energy vehicles and the increased value of the new energy car heat management bicycle, the global car heat management system zero market revenue increased from $169.5 billion in 2020 to $27.98 billion in 2024, and the capr 13.3%, a steady increase.
Trends. Among them, the global market size of parts of the new energy auto heat management system increased from $16.4 billion in 2020 to $116.2 billion in 2024, with cagr as high as 63.1 per cent. The global market size of parts of the global auto heat management system is projected to increase to $528.9 billion in 2029, cagr from 2024 to 2029, and the global market size of parts of the new energy car heat management system.
It is expected to increase to $37.7 billion, or 71.3 per cent of global market revenues, which will be the main driving force behind future industry growth. Moreover, the car heat management system can be divided into integrated components, car valves, car pumps, and car heaters by category.
(iii) China is the world’s largest parts market for auto heat management systems, China’s part market for the parts of the world’s largest car heat management system, and its growth has been driven mainly by the continuous increase in the penetration of new energy vehicles. According to frost&sullivan, China’s parts market for auto heat management systems was 135.5 billion yuan in 2024 and accounted for the global market.
48.4%; expected to rise to $314.9 billion in 2029, with a further increase in the global share to 59.5%. As China’s new energy vehicles seeps, the key zeros of the new energy car heat management system, such as integrated components, electronic expansion valves, car electric pumps and battery coolers, are growing rapidly.
The market size of China is 4.6 billion yuan, 1.7 billion yuan, 10.2 billion yuan and 10.6 billion yuan. In 2020-2024, cagr was concentrated in (iv) the car heat management industry, with three major global leaders in the core category, with a high concentration in the global car heat management system spare parts industry.
The “head effect” is more evident in the breakdown of the core parts of new energy vehicles in the product category. According to Frint&sullivan, 2024, integrated components, electro-inflation valves, battery chillers, top three manufacturers of automobile electronic pumps.
The company is a leader in the global market for many parts and components. According to frost&sullivan, the company ranked first in the global market for integrated components and automobile valves in 2024, with a market share of 65.6 per cent and 19.3 per cent, respectively; and the global market for automobile pumps.
In the fourth place, the market share was 8.6 per cent, with the global market holding 48.3 per cent of the e-inflated valves in vehicles, stabilizing in the first place in the industry; at the same time, the company ranked third and fourth in the global market for battery chillers and car electronic pumps, respectively, with a market share of 5.9 per cent and 5.5 per cent.
Corporate revenue levels and profitability are in the lead in the auto heat management industry. In 2024, the company ' s operating income in the auto heat management industry amounted to $11.4 billion, or +14.9 per cent, compared to 14.9 per cent in the past five years. In addition, corporate profitability was at the forefront of the industry. In 2024, the company ' s Māori rate for auto parts and components was 27.6 per cent, an increase of 0.53 percentage points in the same year, and Māori for the zero gas business.
The energy law of the People's Republic of China of 2024 incorporated new storage capabilities for the first time.
The legal status of China as a “key regulated resource” for its electricity system was clarified, and the Programme of Action for Accelerating the Construction of a New Power System was issued in the same year. According to China's Chemical and Physics Industry Association's Storage Application Section, the new storage capacity in 2024 was increased by 109.58gwh (cagr 136%) and the new storage capacity accumulated.
176.45gwh, power and capacity grew by 131.86% and 163%, respectively. 8%, for the first time, went beyond pumping capacity to become the second most flexible resource-regulating power system. Globally, the Trendforce data show that between 2020 and 2023, the world ' s new reservoirs rose rapidly from 11.3gwh to 110gwh, with annual compound growth rates of 113%, precipitating a rapid upward trend.
The cost of heat management in storage systems is about 2 to 4 per cent, with liquid cold technologies being mainstreamed by the advantage of evaporation efficiency (three times as much as wind cold), with an estimated 45 per cent liquid cold penetration rate in 2025. We expect a global storage capacity of 230gwh in 2025, with a single gwh heat management cost of 120 million yuan at a rate of 45 per cent liquid cold penetration (approximately 142 yuan/wh-1.61 yuan/wh unit purchase price for liquid cold systems in 2022).
The global heat management market is calculated to be more than $12 billion. Of this, the demand for core components such as compressors/ heaters/pumps has increased, and we expect the global market to be about $4 billion in 2025. (ii) Thermal management technology is reused, and companies cut into the storage energy track.
Thermo-management system for storage cells presents a higher demand for thermal management technology than the power cell displays variations in the use environment. In the electrochemical storage system, the temperature control system is the core module that ensures safe operation and performance optimization. With the rapid growth of the global storage loader and the gradual increase in the power density of the single storage cell, the heat management technology is more demanding.
In the face of the complex challenges of storage heat management, three flowers have achieved many breakthroughs at the technical level. According to FTA data, three flowers have developed advanced liquid cooling and direct cooling technologies, using microchannels in the design of the crew, based on the need for heat, energy efficiency improvements, space compactness, etc.
At the same time, the selection of technologies with natural cooling can lead to a further 20% increase in overall energy efficiency and a significant increase in energy efficiency. The three flower solution for storage heat management has been successfully applied and demonstrated in a number of projects at home and abroad.
In recent years, companies have focused on the business layout of their clients, closely followed developments in storage system technology, and followed up on market opportunities for storage heat management components.
In the area of storage heat management, in particular electrical and chemical storage heat management, the company made a deep layout. On 30 March 2022, it established a subsidiary, Three Flowers and New Energy Heat Management Technology (Hangzhou) Ltd., mainly to produce the relevant temperature-controlled zero components, such as storage space adjusters and coolers, heat changers, and to systematically expand the operations related to the management of storage heat. In the first half of 2023, the company announced that the storage heat management system solution had been successful.
(a) The commercialization of human robots and the opportunities of industrial chains.
Teslaoptimus’s output is getting closer and will be in 2025. Since 2023, Teslaoptimus has demonstrated its ability to perform different tasks on its own. On November 28th, 2024 local time, Tesla Robots officially published an update on optimus in the media X, and the robots in the video have been able to complete the list with 22 free handmen.
We expect Teslaoptimus to be on the threshold of production in 2025, after two years of technical certification, and Teslaoptimus is expected to take the lead in achieving volume production. Since 2025, technological advances in human-form robotics have accelerated, practical applications have been enriched, and domestic industrial chains have flourished.
Robot half-horse, combat competitions, capability challenge competitions, sports, and so on, human robot products begin to move from laboratory to practical practice, testing core competencies and driving technological advances in the context of practical applications. In addition, the industry chain level is shifting from the past leader (Texla) to the development of the domestic industrial chain, and the domestic leadership orders of Uyuki, Ji-won, Matsu-Yian-Jian, So-Pong, Yu-Pho, etc. are showing their brightness.
China’s market for human robots is expected to unleash the potential for expansion. With large-scale production and platform-type technology applications, human robot costs are expected to fall rapidly, leading to lower average prices and releasing the city.
The high-tech consultancy predicts that the global market for human robots is expected to reach $15,142 million in 2030 and 56.85 per cent for cagr in 2024-2030, and that the Chinese market is expected to reach $37,970 million, and the cagr 61.29 per cent, increasing faster than the global market, and will be a leader in the global market for human robots.
Human robots are expected to take the lead in industrial applications, then expand to commercial and household services, with a long-term market of more than trillions. Compared to service applications, industrial applications are more procedurally processed, so we believe that in the pre-industrial development period, humans will apply more to standardized processes in manufacturing scenes and gradually expand to commercial and household services as technology develops and matures.
In the short and medium term, therefore, the expansion of the human robot market is mainly in the industrial sector, where, according to the billions of Euro think tanks, it is expected to reach 23.8 billion yuan by 2030, after which the market for human robots in business services and family life began to expand, and the market for human robots as a whole is expected to reach nearly 3 trillion yuan by 2040.
Figure 31: The global market for human robots is expected to be larger than $15 billion in 2030. Figure 32: The market for human robots in China is expected to reach close to $40 billion in 2030.
The core industrial chain of human robotics consists of the implementer assembly, chips, visual systems, batteries, etc., which is the most valuable spare parts, for example, Teslaoptimus, including the straight-line implementer (core components: planetary rollers, unboxed rectangular machines), the rotation executor (core components: harmonic slowers, unboxed rectulators), the hand executor (core components: planetary decelerations)
The total value is more than 70%, with scuffles, sloweners, boxless rectangulators, empty cups, etc., which are of greater value. The Eto-Texra depth is tied, the trifluent controls enter the Optimus industrial chain, the layout is rotated, the walker (electric + harmonic + bearing + position sensor + encoder) and the linear executor (composed of electric + + + position sensor + encoder, etc.)
The supply of the reverse planetary roller staves plus the tore sensor plus the position sensor plus the encoder is expected to be the first to benefit from the industrial belt of human robots, which the company is strategically cutting into the imitator market through the development of machine executives, which are translating orders from robotic control systems into them, using maturity, scalability and cost-effectiveness in bulk production of machines and related products.
As of 2024, the company's business was still in the research and development phase, with the aim of further refining the prototype of the product before large-scale commercialization. The company's goal was to create a lighter, smaller and more precise implementer than the available options, while also planning for the production of a product abroad, increasing global influence and manufacturing capacity to obtain pre-emptive advantages and positioning itself as a robotic power implementer.
VI. Comparable company comparisons and profit projections (i) compared to comparable companies:
We're doing business as a company: 1) Refrigerant parts and components industry, domestic comparables for the environment and Haley, overseas for Emerson Electric and Pychany; 2) auto heat management parts and solutions, comparable companies for the silver wheel shares of a listed company, the Tupou Group, Ottja and Soonche shares, overseas for the Japanese electrics and the Hangs.
With regard to the human robotic implementers, we have selected the greening of a listed company, the North Gesellschafts, and the Signals as comparable companies, and Hamernaco as overseas rivals in related fields. According to analysis with Dupont of comparable companies, the company’s profitability in 2024 was at a relatively advanced level among comparable companies.
The company ' s roe, 16.7 per cent, is at a middle-class level in comparable companies in the refrigeration industry chain, mainly due to lower overall asset turnover and a lower equity factor, but is more profitable in the area of auto heat management and robotic enforcers. (ii) The company ' s valuation is lower than the comparable corporate average.
We've chosen a comparative valuation for a company with comparable shares. As of 16 July 2025, the Triwig wisdom projection for 2025 was lower than the average of the comparable company valuations, as a result of the relative higher value of the major human robotic implementers.
Figure 39: Percent valuation of companies for phase III (years and years of year and years of year value of green land harmonisation) between Xinjiang appliances, with the main parameters set and based on the table below.
In the context of positive and negative volatility of 0.3 per cent for the discount rate and (g) persistent fluctuations of 0.3 per cent, the risk of increased competition in the market for new energy cars between the fair value zones of the companya shares, and the company's management of the lead enterprises for the heating of new energy vehicles, if market demand is insufficient, will have an impact on the sale of public goods.
The risks of developing the human robotics industry are lower than expected, and companies are actively engaged in business related to human robot executives, which will have an impact on the new business development of the company if the commercialization of the product is lower than expected.
I am committed to producing this report with diligence, independence and objectivity. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities customers, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete the appropriate matching of investors and fully understand the nature of the service, the points of interest, the concerns about its use, and the risks or losses that may arise if it is not used properly.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only, and does not constitute an investment advice to customers, nor is it an invitation or guarantee to buy or sell securities or other financial instruments.