The main business has a significant competitive advantage, and the new business is a market hot spot, and the rise is clear. This is mainly due to a combination of higher Māori rates and lower sales costs.
The rate of 28.1 per cent, an increase of 0.7 pct for the same year; the cost side, firm sales costs, tight control of administrative costs, and the effect of scale continue to be reflected in a decline of 0.3 pct and 0.9 pct for the same year.
The main industry is highly competitive: 1)2025h1, RAC electrical parts generated $10.389 billion, equal to +25.5 per cent, benefiting from the national supplemental demand for air conditioning, while the company increased its share of the core parts in the air conditioning industry chain, maintaining the almost exclusive car status of the electronic expansion valve for air conditioning and the electromagnetic valve.
The spare parts amount to $5,874 million, or +8.8% of the year) and the refrigeration and air-conditioning electrical parts and vehicles of company 2025h1 are at a higher level. Given the price battle for air conditioners 2025q2, the market for new energy vehicles is highly competitive, and Lillis is highly competitive.
Companies are able to withstand downstream customer pressure, and the Māori rate has improved slightly, highlighting industrial competitiveness. 3) Out-of-sea sales are $7.21 billion, or +23.3 per cent, and Māori 29.84 per cent, or +1.12 pct; compared to the +1.12 pt;
The increase in corporate Maori is driven mainly by overseas operations. While facing the challenge of US tariffs, companies are planning to negotiate a US tariff-sharing scheme to effectively address the impact of US tariffs while optimizing global production and product sales.
Actively expand new business in the imitation robotics industry and the liquid cooling industry at the data centre: 1) imitate robotics, power and power implementers, although they are in the initial stages of operation, are rapidly developing industrial technology.
The Department’s third growth curve. 2) Three flowers have an advantage in the field of refrigeration and air-conditioning electrical parts and heat management, and are competitive in the data centre liquid cold market. The current market is highly focused on the data centre’s liquid cold market performance: in the first half of the year, the company earned $16,263 million, or +18.91%; the net benefit attributable to shareholders in listed companies.
The main industry is competitive: 1)2025h1, RAC electrical parts generated $10.389 billion, or +25.5%, on the one hand, benefiting from the national supplemental demand for air conditioning, while the company increased its share of the core parts of the air conditioning industry chain, maintaining the almost exclusive status of the electronic expansion valves and electromagnetic valves for air conditioning.
Higher level. Given the price war in air conditioner 2025q2 and the intense competition in the new energy car market, companies have been able to withstand downstream customer pressure, and the Māori rate has improved slightly, highlighting industrial competitiveness. 3) Overseas sales of $7.21 billion, compared to +23.3 per cent; Māori 29.84 per cent, compared to +1.12 pt; and Māori domestic sales, which increased by only 0.22 pt in comparison.
While facing the challenge of US tariffs, companies optimize global production and marketing structures, and negotiate a US tariff-sharing program to effectively address the impact of US tariffs. Actively expand the new business of imitating robotics and data centre liquid cooling industry: 1) i.e., simulators, despite the scale of the business
At the initial stage, but industrial technology is rapidly developing. The company collaborates with its customers in the development, testing, iterative, and delivery of samples of a full range of products, and is highly valued by its clients, and is expected to become the company’s third-growth curve in the future. 2) Three flowers have an advantage in the refrigeration and air conditioning electrical parts and heat management domain and are competitive in the data centre liquid cool market.
(ii) The company ' s main financial position, if combined with an increase in the Māori rate and a decrease in the cost of sales. 2) The company ' s combined Māori rate is 28.1 per cent, an increase of 0.7 pct over the same year; at the end of the line, the company ' s sales costs and administrative costs are strictly regulated and the scale effects are continuously reflected in the sales and management costs rates, respectively.
Reduction of 0.3 pct, 0.9 pct. (i) The volume of domestic air conditioners sold in July showed good performance, and the volume of air conditioners sold in July showed good performance and subsequent pressure is expected.
1. Industry online data, 10,580,000 items sold in July 2025 in air conditioners, i.e. +14.3 per cent of the year, mainly driven by high and continuous temperatures throughout the country. 2) In the coming months, pressure is expected for air conditioners. On the one hand, in the rainy season in August, frequent rainfall weather will require air conditioners.
On the other hand, the weight of the old policy changes has weakened, and will face the same high base in the past year. Industry online data for the months of August, September, October, the output from air conditioning sales was 11.9%, - 7.7%, and -47.7%, respectively, compared to last year’s output.
The China Galaxy Securities Institute (ii) has continued to decline in the volume of air conditioners exported since May, focusing on enterprises ' overseas production bases.1 Industry online data on the volume of air conditioners exported in July 2025, 5.85 million units, or 15.5 per cent; and domestic air conditioners in August, September and October
Export graduation, compared to export performance during the same period last year, was 14.7 per cent, 16.6 per cent, and -3.3 per cent, and continued to reflect the transfer of United States orders abroad, with exports equal to 2) the wide distribution of air-conditioning flagship global production bases, with Thailand as the main air-conditioning production base outside China and the import of air-conditioning products (sitc 7415) from Thailand in 2024, accounting for 8.8 per cent of the United States tariff risk, but with some impact on quality listing.
Companies, overseas supply chain construction can hedge risks. (iii) Central air conditioner internal and external sales were under pressure in June Central air conditioners continued to be depressed in the real estate market and the pace of industrial investment slowed down negatively. Industry online data, Central 2024
The volume of internal air-conditioning sales was $121.5 billion, a decline of 3.8 per cent in the same year, mainly due to the continued low real-estate market, the slow pace of industrial investment and weak demand for central air-conditioning terminals; the size of central air-conditioning sales was $56.4 billion in January-June 2025, a decrease of 10.1 per cent in the same year, with the same year as in June, when China’s enterprises increased their global competitiveness and share-led exports in recent years. Industry online data, Central Air-conditioning 2024.
(iv) Thermal pumps: the domestic promotion of high-quality developments in the heat pump industry, export of which is seen as a bottom-reflection in the internal market, average sales in the heat pump in 2024 and expected to benefit from good policies in 2025. On 2 April 2025, the National Development Reform Commission and other departments jointly issued the Action Programme for the Promotion of High-quality Development in the Heat Pump Industry, with a policy focus on the construction of heat pumps in the country.
In the priority areas of construction, industry, agriculture, and transport, the energy efficiency of the priority heat pump products is proposed to increase by more than 20% by 2030, with major power. Core technologies such as high-temperature heat pumps, high-efficiency compressors, and new refrigerants will break through. According to industrial online data, 34.4% of the heat pump was sold in 2024, with policy power and domestic heat pump sales expected to be supported, corresponding to 100 billion-grade market space.
On the export side, sharp fluctuations in the European heat pump subsidy policy have led to a significant stock cycle for heat pump exports over the past two years. Since the second half of 2024, the European-American heat pump has been moving out of the stock cycle and the single-month rate of increase has improved gradually. As a result of a low-year base, heat pump exports from January-June 2025 have increased by 20.2 per cent over the same period, and it is expected that, in the future, the export of heat pumps will continue to improve with the resumption of subsidies in some European countries.
The Chinese Institute of Galaxy Securities and the Chinese Institute of Galaxy Securities risks being affected by state supplementation of downstream demand; new business technologies are not developing as much as expected.
I am committed to producing this report with diligence, independence, and objectivity, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete the appropriate matching of investors and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients, nor is it an invitation to buy, sell, subscribe to securities or other financial instruments accurate or complete. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report that Galaxy securities may be issued other than those contained in this report or that they may be issued in a manner inconsistent with or inconsistent with what is contained in this report.