Four big plates are growing, and medical and aesthetic operations continue to grow.
The growth in corporate performance is in line with expectations. On a quarterly basis, in 2023, q1 and q2, the companies achieved quarterly collections of more than 10 billion sizes, mainly as a result of the full growth of the pharmaceutical industry, pharmaceutical commerce, medical beauty and industrial micro-organisms, which contributed to the overall growth of the company.
The pharmaceutical industry has developed around endocrine, autoimmune, and oncology, with a positive trend in production operations. During the first half of 2023, corporate priority varieties have remained stable and growing rapidly, and core products that have been negotiated through national collections and health insurance have remained stable in market shares.
The size continues to grow, with operating income (including cso operations) of $6,054 million, an increase of 10.04 per cent, or 12.38 per cent. Given that Lilarupine has been granted sugar relief and severe adaptive conditions this year, there is hope that when medicines come on the market, the growth of the industrial sector will accelerate.
Industrial microbes are active in four main areas. Companies continue to pursue their industrial microbiology development strategy, with a clear strategic layout in four areas: xrna, special ingredients & intermediates, large health & biological materials, animal health. In the first half of 2023, after the removal of specific commercial products, the company ' s industrial micro-enterprises were removed.
Businesses in medicine are growing steadily. Traditional corporate pharmaceutical business practices continue to grow deep, generating a high share of growth, and innovative business focuses on product agents, triangulation, pharmaceutical power suppliers, and niches.
The company has 36 high-end products in the field of “no-and-micro” medicine, of which 24 are already on the market, product portfolio coverage and non-surgery mainstream areas such as body injection filling, energy source skin management, body plastics, etc. In the first half of 2023, the company earned 12.24 US dollars.
For overseas markets, as a result of the slowdown in global economic growth, the fully-owned subsidiary, Sinclair, continued to expand the global market for medicine and the United States, with sales revenue of about $669 million, an increase of 26.07 per cent. For domestic markets, the market for medicine and the United States continued to expand.
Heating, the company continued to expand and lead the regenerative American market, generating revenues of $516 million in the first half of the year, an increase of 90.66 per cent. As consumer markets recover, it is expected that the company’s medical and aesthetic business will be maintained in the second half of the year.
Rapid growth, with Lilalu’s fertilizer adaptive products on the market, is expected to boost income growth further. “positive” investors are only suited to use research that is no higher than “medium- and high-risk” risk levels, and “radical” investors are fit to use their own department’s own qualifications or considerable professional competence in securities investment consultancy, as granted by the Chinese Securities Association, in a diligent and professional manner, independently and objectively.
This report is produced with knowledge. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.