Medical groups Medical plates maintain a high rate of growth and innovative product pipelines continue to be enriched, at +7 per cent per year; net profit from non-repatriation of 1,427 million yuan per season + 12 per cent per season
In real terms, 2023q2 realizes income of $10,271 million, i.e. + 11 per cent; net return to the mother 679 million, i.e. + 7 per cent; net profit from non-return to the mother 670 million, i.e. 1.
2. China East Pharmaceuticals: Performance growth in line with expectations, innovative layouts, sustained performance and strong growth trends in the medical landscape. According to the company announcement, good long-term development, 2023.4.14
The company's performance continued to grow in the first half of 2023, with the central subsidiary, China East China, 3. China East Pharmaceuticals, taking stock: Lilalupe injection was approved and is expected to achieve operating income (including cso operations) of $6.054 billion, plus 10 per cent, and combined deductions.
The total sales revenue from commercial product operations is equal to +27%. The pharmaceutical business earns $13,631 million, or +11%, and accumulates net profits of $216 million, or +36%, of which the fully-owned subsidiary Sinclair, UK, earns sales revenue of $7,629 million.
Pound669 million (approximately RMB 669 million) for operating profit of 26% of the same year; US fully-owned subsidiaries of the United States have accumulated revenues of 516 million yuan in the first six months of their Queen's School, compared to 91%, as global markets expand and domestic consumer markets recover.
In the second half of the year, the company’s medical-American business is expected to continue its positive growth trend. Deep-farming in three core treatment areas, the heterogeneous and innovative product pipelines are growing.
Varieties have been growing steadily and rapidly, while core products that have been negotiated through national collections and health insurance have remained stable in their market share. At the same time, companies have been enriching their product lines through autonomous R & D and the introduction of external products, creating multi-adaptive coverage, product ladder configurations, etc.
The company is now working on 82 projects, of which 51 are innovative products and bio-like drugs, and the company has become a leader in the field of endocrine and self-absorption in the country.
The disease was approved for listing in March and June of this year for the first national Lilalu bio-like drug that was approved for listing, and it is hoped that it will lead to rapid release and a higher level of corporate performance.
We maintain profit expectations for 2023-2025, where companies are expected to achieve net return profits separately, where R & D is not as fast as expected; where increased competition in product markets leads to a risk of a decline in net interest rates; and where market diffusion is not as risky as expected.
An analysis of the ratings of the relevant reports in the market within one month and two months of the week.