On July 4, 2023, the company issued an announcement that the company's wholly-owned subsidiary, China, China, and China,
Pharmacy Ltd. has received the approval of the National Drug Surveillance Authority to issue the Medicines Registration Certificate, which is publicly available for Lilalu Pin injection, obesity or overweight adaptive disease, as declared by the Central American East China.
Applications for permits are approved for adult patients requiring long-term weight management as low and good long-term development. 2023.4.14 Auxiliary treatment for calorie diet and increased mobility.
2. China East Medicine Company Review: Lilalupi injection fluids are on the market, and it is hoped that the continent’s first class of glp-1 diet drugs will be approved and fast-discharged.
In December 2021, cde published the Technical Guidance for Clinical Trials of BCD, Principles 2022.10.26.
The treatment of overweight patients, compliance, safety, and effective weight control drugs have a huge unmet clinical need. This time, Lilalu Pin injection has been approved to supplement the company’s endocrine line with his current Ori capsule.
To create a sound market basis for the listing of the following company ' s glp-1 products by achieving complementarities between the clinical and in- and out-of-hospital markets. Construction of different chemical pipelines continues around the depth layout of the glp-1 target.
One target, the company has constructed a global, multi-target, multi-purpose, multi-purpose, full-scale and differentiated product line that combines innovative and biologically similar drugs. In addition to this batch of fat or overweight adaptive disorders, the company Lilalu has injected fluids in 2023.
In March, Nmpa was approved for listing for diabetic adaptive treatment. In April 2022, Sieglupe was approved for clinical trials in New Zealand: oral small molecules glp-1 receptor agonist hdm1002 was approved for i-ports in China and the United States in May 2023.
Bed trials. The company’s product pipeline in the field of endocrine treatment is expected to continue to be rich, and the combined competition is expected to increase further.
We maintain profit expectations for 2023-2025, where companies are expected to achieve net return profits separately, where R & D is not as fast as expected; where increased competition in product markets leads to a risk of a decline in net interest rates; and where market diffusion is not as risky as expected.
An analysis of the ratings of the relevant reports in the market within one month and two months of the week.