Chemical agents/chemicals/pharmaceuticals Performance is on the rise, and innovative pipelines are expected to return to double-digit growth in net profit collection and deductions. 2023h1 achieved $20385 million.
The pharmaceutical industry has maintained a positive growth trend. 2023h1 China East has achieved operating income (including cso operations) of $6.054 billion, an increase of 10.04 per cent over the same period, and a growth trend of 1,226 million net profits from the combination of non-repatriation.
The core products of the negotiations remain stable market shares and provide a solid basis for growth in the performance of the pharmaceutical industry; Lylalu diabetics and obesity adaptations have been approved and are now being promoted through commercialization, and are expected to contribute to the growth in the performance of the corporate pharmaceutical industry.
In August this year, Nda, a pharmaceutical-like anti-biological npa, was admitted for treatment of filamentary shards; it was used for treatment of caps associated with cold cyclic syndromes.
House No. 2 Building No. 1 of the Great Wall Building of China12 is expected to officially submit a bla application in the country this year. In addition, the product's re-emerging heart disease-adapted domestic pre-bla was submitted at the end of June this year.
(elahere) The one-armed clinical trial in China during the iii period has reached the main end of the study, and in March this year, pre-bla was submitted to China, with a plan to submit bla applications for 2023q3.
In May, the new drug, the McWaldani, was added to the breakthrough treatment (egfrphnephthalmic late stage non-small cell lung cancer) and is scheduled to be submitted for listing in the course of the year. The company is currently reporting a 2-year review: Washington Medicine (000963).
The number of new product tubes has reached 46, of which the share of autonomous R & D projects has reached 50%.
First approved by China and America in May this year and first tested by China and America, early in June this year. 3. Annual Report Review: The first tester of the Chinese medicine (000963), the application of the obese-adapted Chinese in June of this year.
The company’s two-point, glp-1r/gipr, with long-lived multi-pyridine agonists, has entered the research phase of the ind and is expected to submit its application in early 2024.
The first self-researched adc project, hdm 2005, was confirmed at pcc1 in 2023q1.
In the second half of this year, two auto-innovation products, one auto-innovation product, and one self-innovation product in the free-of-charge area will be recognized at pcc and entered the ind development stage.
The health sector as a whole has been growing rapidly. The entire medical block of 2023h1 has continued to grow rapidly, bringing total operating income to $1,224 million (excluding internal offsets), an increase of 36.40% over the same year. Of this, Sinclair has achieved sales revenue of £76.29 million (approximately £669 million).
The company now owns 36 items of “no and no” high-end products in the field of medicine and beauty worldwide, of which 24 are already on the market.
As a result, more medical products will land and be commercialized, contributing to the rapid growth of public medicine and the United States. The pharmaceutical business sector has been growing steadily, the pharmaceutical industry has continued to grow, and the Lilalu injection is dual.
It should be commercialized, with many products in the field of innovation declared on the market for harvest, self-researching capabilities gradually demonstrated, and medical and aesthetic operations continued to develop at a high rate, maintaining their “buy-in” rating. The risks of pharmaceutical policy, new drug development, and marketing are not as fast as expected, and products are at a lower price risk.
For the six-month period following the reporting date, the increase or decline in securities relative to the market benchmark index is defined as follows: