Mid 2023 Chinese Medicines (000963.sz) reported that medical and aesthetic services continue to contribute at a high rate, that the potential of companies to regenerate medical and aesthetic products has been proven, that the pharmaceutical plates are growing at a robust rate, and that medical and aesthetic services are contributing to a high rate of growth. The company ' s 23h1 commercial/manufacture/medical and aesthetic sections have been achieved separately.
The country’s medical and American business generated revenues of $647 million/yoy+56.47 per cent, of which Xinko’s income of $516 million/yoy+90.66 per cent was sustained and profitability increased. On a quarterly basis, Qinko’s income of Q1/q2 was realized separately.
At the end of June 2023, the number of cooperation hospitals contracted by Xinko Mimei was over 600, an increase of about 100 compared to the number of co-operatives at the end of 22, and the expansion of channels has also provided a growth driver for the growth of domestic medical and American operations. The clinical registration of the pipeline will be steady. With regard to injections, mailiextreme completed all the tests of Chinese clinical trials in August 23rd.
(b) Photoelectric equipment: v20 expected to complete the registration submission of 23q3; reaction completed its domestic re-marketing in June 23rd. We believe that as the future domestic injection & ebd tubes are enriched, it is possible to increase the number of different products.
>Medical and American operations abroad: Medical and American operations abroad have grown steadily and remain profitable. Sinclair, a wholly-owned subsidiary of 23h1, has achieved operating income of about 669 million yuan/yoy+26.07% and maintains operating profits, of which q1/q2 is operating separately.
With revenues of about 284.385 million yuan, an increase of about 9.42% over the same period, h2 with the opening of the global market, the overseas business community will continue to grow and will be expected to perform better. Countries that register overseas products will be promoted to obtain a listing permit. Skin kinetics are currently undergoing clinical trials, with 23q4 expected to send notes overseas.
The clinical work required by Yeon-seok and maili to be listed in the United States has been initiated, and future breakthroughs in more overseas US medical and nuclear markets or sustained revenue increases are expected to be significant.  China’s heavy market size is expected to be more than 10 billion in 26 years, with the company Lila Lupe’s products pre-empting.
Sullivan estimates that the size of our weight management market will increase from 3 billion yuan in 2021 to 10.1 billion yuan in 2026, or 27 per cent in cagr, of which glp-1 drugs are either the main growth point, and the company ' s Lilalu obese or overweight adaptations were approved for listing by nmpa in June 23, as the first domestic compliance product, with a clear pre-emptive advantage, or

Risk factors: less progress in the development of clinical research and development, less success in market diffusion and increased competition for medical and aesthetic products.
In 2022, he joined the Sinda Portfolio as Deputy Director-General of the Research and Development Centre. In 2021, he received the second in a new wealth zero and social suit, the first in a crystal ball suit, and the first in a new wave.
After graduate school in July of that year, he joined the Social Services Group for Employable Securities, and in November of 2022 he joined the New Sinda Consumers Group, covering the cosmetics, medical beauty, social services, and the tax-exempt, eye-vision, invisible deformities, pets, retail, etc.
Li Bong Jing, Master of Science in Champagne, University of Illinois, B.A. in Economics, University of Finance and Economics, Southwest, November 2022, joined the new Sinda consumer group. The main components cover cosmetics, medical beauty.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and guidance in making investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and duties. This report is made available only to the specific client mentioned above, and is not made available to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in the present report are only dated from the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
A special notice may not be issued in respect of letters of credit securities for studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.