Chemical preparations/chemistry/pharmaceutical biology
Incident: On 4 July, the company issued an announcement that the company ' s wholly-owned subsidiary, China East, had received a pharmaceutical registration certificate from Nmpa, which had been approved by the Central American East for the listing of Lilalupes, known as Liluping. China, China, China, is China.
The first on the mainland is also the only one currently with obesity or overweight anaesthesia in Lilalu, and the first on the mainland, glp-1 receptor agonist, has been approved for obesity-related adaptive treatment, taking over the country’s fertility-reduction market.
Fifty per cent of the adult population is overweight or obese, and the prevalence of overweight/obese among children aged 6-17 and under 6 years is as high as 19 per cent and 10.4 per cent, respectively.
There is an unsatisfied clinical need for compliance, safety, and effective weight-control drugs, which have been approved for treatment for obese or overweight patients. According to the Floustya Levin report, the market for obese drugs in China has grown from 260 million yuan yuan in 2016.
By 2020, RMB 1.9 billion, with an annual compound growth rate of 64.6%, is expected to be marketed in 2025 Lilalupe is a glp-1 receptor agonist, and the benefits of glp-1 products combined with diets, sugar and cardiovascular tubes are relatively mature targets of stability and security.
Physical agonists were approved for obesity-related adaptive disorders and, according to data from Nord and Nord 2022, two products were approved for obesity adaptation, saxenda (Lirrulu semen injection) and Wegzy (Megruent injection fluid), which achieved sales income of DKK 10,676 million in 2022 and 61.88 per cent, respectively.
Billion Danish kroner, 52% and 346%, respectively. Lilupin, the company's bio-like drug for saxenda, is currently the only glp-1 receptor of obesity or overweight adaptive disorders in the country.
In March of this year, the company’s first biopharmaceutical, Lilalu diabetics, was approved for sale on a commercial basis.
First-born, now officially commercialized, and active networking in all provinces of the country. 1. Corporate research: Chinese medicine and hospital entry.
(000963) - The company's overall performance is centred around the glp-1 target, building a full and differentiated product line. In addition to the Lilalu injection, which was approved in March and July this year for diabetes, obesity and hyperweight related adaptive disorders, the company has been able to develop a range of products.
3. Annual Report Review: The Chinese Medicines have a deep layout around the glp-1 target: (1) dr10624, the company-controlled subsidiary is back on track and the medicine is still bright.
Long-range three-point accelerator to glp-1 receptor (glp-1r), gcg receptor (gcgr) and fgfr1c/klothobeta (fgf21r), developed by the geologists, was approved for clinical trials in New Zealand in April 2022 and successfully completed in June 2022.
(b) completion of the first test drug; (2) sco-094 and its derivatives, the product of an agreement signed between the company and the Japanese scohia pharma, inc. for the treatment of glp-1r and gipr targets for type 2 diabetes, obesity and non-alcoholic fat hepatitis (nash);
(iii) Receptor agonist, completed ii clinical trials and granted Korea exclusive rights to develop, produce and commercialize in Korea in 2021.
There will be important milestones in the field of innovative medicines, the continued rapid development of medical and aesthetic services, the risk of pharmaceutical policy in Lilalu, the lack of progress in the development and marketing of new medicines, and the risk of lower prices for products.
For the six-month period following the reporting date, the increase or decline in securities relative to the market benchmark index is defined as follows: