On October 29th, 2024, the profitability of the savings recovered and the net profit of the non-repatriation showed bright performance.
As a result of the volatile prices of raw materials and increased competition patterns, the company’s ability to operate has improved significantly, with a steady growth in the tram market up to 2024, and a steady growth in the global tram. According to Marklines, global tram sales in the first three quarters of 2024.
Among them, the Chinese market has maintained a higher growth rate since the beginning of the year, driven by price-for-price and state-for-new policies. According to the Chinese Air Association, China's electric cars were sold in the first three quarters of 2024.
Up to 8,32 million vehicles, the same year + 32.5 per cent, and a penetration rate of 38.6 per cent, with the heavy-card area electricization table brightly visible, according to data from the first commercial vehicle network, the cumulative sales of China ' s electric-weight cards in the first three quarters of 2024 amounted to 48,513, the same year +143.2 per cent.
In terms of storage capacity, the winning & loading market has increased both ways. In the first three quarters of 2024, China won 125.7gwh, the same year +98.9% more than last year's average. In terms of loading, the Chinese and US markets are the main drivers, and according to the storage network/eia data, the Chinese and US storage capacity added in January/August, respectively.
According to the company announcement, in the first three quarters of 2024, the company's power/power cells were sold to large customers in less than expected quantities. The company's advantage in the commercial car sector continued to consolidate, with a market share.
By 13.1%, the same year + 4.7%, the city accounted for the second highest rate of growth. Reserve operations grew strongly, with storage power cores ranked second globally in the first half of the year, with the acetic products mr.big, mr.giant successively receiving domestic and external certifications.
Lithium at the Lithium (300014) of the [new energy source in China] - performance remained stable, with a high rate of hedge profits short-term pressure on the stock market - a single national manufacturing champion that continues to lead the market. Consumer-type small cylinder batteries are sold on a single-month basis.
cls model opens up new growth dynamics, the supply chain system is steadily improving
The first cls model landing project act (amplifecelltechnologiesllc)
The project is well under way, and is currently in the negotiation stage, providing a sound foundation for the development of this model. With regard to the supply chain system, the company’s strategic supply chain relationship is solid and the lithium-electric material industry is fully covered.
The company will continue to deepen the strategic synergy of the industrial chain of joint ventures and maintain competitiveness.
With overseas policies and trade barriers perturbing the motor market, there is still a upward trend, with the storage industry expected to maintain its high profile. The company is a Lithium Battery pioneer, actively developing domestic and external production capacity, with a growing share of dynamic storage markets; high-end technology continues to take the lead and the supply chain system is further improved; and it competes in the industry.
In view of the fact that the Bureau is still showing a certain level of profitability, we believe that companies have high barriers and better growth expectations than the industry, maintain a “buy-in” rating, forecast their return to their home countries from 2024 to 2026, macroeconomic downturns, less than expected sales of new energy vehicles, a shift in domestic and foreign tram policies, and domestic and foreign electricity.
Overpower results in less than expected storage capacity demand; new company capacity is not being invested as expected; trade barriers; large fluctuations in raw materials prices affect profitability; and there is a greater risk of stock price volatility. In the arms, steel, and other industries, there is an in-depth study of science and technology and cycles, continuing in-depth research in the areas of lithium electric equipment, photovoltaic equipment, robotics, and automation, and a “China's manufacturing investment cycle” research framework has been established.
The team focused on research in the areas of photovoltaic, hydrogen, wind, lithium and storage energy, and devoted limited energy to serving more primary and secondary markets where the country's needs are met, the industry is booming and the people have faith, and will not be directly or indirectly related to specific recommendations or views in this report. This report has been prepared by China Shipping Securities Ltd. (which already has the qualifications for portfolio investment advisory operations approved by the China Securities Supervisory Board). This report is not intended to be sent or for any dispatch, release, release, etc.
The copyright of the material in this report belongs to the public or resident in any area, country or other area under its jurisdiction in which it is available or used to make SAC and its associated companies in violation of local laws or regulations or to subject the SAC securities to its laws or regulations. The copyright of the material in this report is a SAC security unless otherwise indicated.
The information, tools and materials contained in this report are provided only for your reference purposes and are not intended as an invitation or an invitation to another person to sell or purchase or subscribe to securities or other financial instruments.