Lithium billion (300014.sz) Shen Jia, the company's output is growing and its profitability is expected to improve, suggesting “buy-in”
The company’s lithium battery output has been growing faster and its profitability is expected to improve. The company is at the forefront of the storage market, with its output growing rapidly this year, with 115.6% higher than in the previous three quarters, and is expected to continue at a 30% + growth rate in the coming year.
The company is the lead consumer of lithium batteries, the supply of products is in short supply, and there is a steady expansion. In the field of storage energy, the company is ranked second in the world, with its output growing at a high rate, and is actively expanding its high-mori clients abroad.
Increasing the value of the product. The volume of power batteries is expected to improve next year. With policy guidance, we will continue to increase the volume of energy and power cells delivered next year: the volume of energy/power storage/power/power cells delivered in the first three quarters of the company was 14.8gwh 7.2gwh, with the ring ratio +6%/+1%, respectively.
Energy and power cells increased by about 30 per cent and 10 per cent, respectively, respectively.—In terms of storage energy, companies ranked second in the world in the first three quarters of the world in terms of the quantity of battery delivered from their storage capacity, with the industry first in the line.
The 628ah large storage core is about to come into production in December, and the product performance will remain ahead of schedule. The q4 storage line is now nearing full capacity, and the overall demand for the domestic and foreign storage sector is expected to follow next year to boost the volume of goods that the company can deliver.
In the case of power batteries, the commercial car sector was better off, and the side of the car was not as sold as expected, but we saw that the side project Pap7+ was well over 30,000 when it came to the market in early November.
It is expected to achieve a monthly write-off of 10,000, which is expected to lead to an increase in power cell capacity, an improvement in vehicle utilization, an acceleration in the industry, and a gradual improvement in the corporate net profit level over the three-quarter period, which is expected to remain above 10 per cent and will continue to rise over the second-quarter period; and the profitability of power cell operations.
The dollar/wh, the two-line companies have been in general loss for a long time, with a willingness to raise prices and improve their performance. We have observed that, since the beginning of the season, the price of the upfront lithium carbonate spot has recovered from 7.5% at the end of October, or will support the price of the lithium battery.
On the firm’s side, it is expected that storage operations will remain at a net profit rate of more than 10%; the power component is expected to start production in the fourth quarter.
The utilization rate will gradually recover and reach full production by next year, and the net profit rate is expected to improve gradually.