q3 double net profit and ring ratio, with a strong growth in storage capacity, a three-quarter review in 2024 of Lithium Billions (300014), an increase in the Māori rate of 2024q3 and a two-fold increase in net profit and ring ratio after deduction.
q3 Exchange rate fluctuations have resulted in higher financial costs, as well as reductions in other benefits, such as government subsidies, due to the current period of robust storage capacity operations and successive strategic projects. The company has taken the lead in laying out the 628ah large-capacity lithium battery technology route, introducing mr.big storage for large lithium cores and mr.giant systems.
Large-scale power station solution. The first three quarters saw 35.73gwh of storage battery output, second in the world in the number of roe(ttm) storage cores. Acetic products mr.big, mr.giant successively.
q4 power operations are expected to improve. 20.71gwh of power batteries in the first three quarters, compared to the previous three quarters.
4.96%. Battery loads have been affected by the lower than expected sales of part of the larger client vehicle fleet. As of the third quarter, the company ' s new announced multi-auxiliary model in the area of passenger vehicles is expected to continue to be delivered in q4.
13.09%, ranked second, up 4.69pct. In September, the company joined partners to complete the company's offline offline with the open-source battery z series (long-duration) of car products, and won a good start on the global cls model in the new energy heavy card market.
It's a joint venture between the U.S. and Daimlertuck, Paccar, and electriedpower to produce tile-shaped lithium phosphate batteries, primarily for the designated North American commercial vehicle sector, with an annual capacity of about 21gwh, three foreign firms and their connections.
The group will be a major customer and will purchase most of the plant’s products. Several projects are currently at the negotiation stage, laying a good foundation for the development of the model.
Packagings (spc) have two single national manufacturing champions that continue to lead the market. Small consumer-type cylindrical batteries sell 100 million per month. The Chengdu factory has been put into operation and Malaysian factories are well under construction, which will further effectively meet the needs of their customers and raise the market share of their products.
Platform-type enterprises, with corporate product optimization, customer outreach and productive energy release, have an iterative risk of subsequent profitability; and significant fluctuations in raw material prices. Note: “market index” for this rating system, a share reference point is 300 indexes; the new three-board reference point is three-string.
Investors are only fit to use studies with a risk level not higher than “middle and low risks”, “stable” investors only to use a risk level not higher than “medium risk”, “positive” investors only to use a risk level not higher than “medium and high risks”, “radical” investors are fit to use the various categories of our department who have their own qualifications or considerable professional competence in portfolio investment consultancy as granted by the Chinese Securities Association, and are aware of it independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner.
This report is presented within the context of the circumstances. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund managers, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have not used them for publication.