Performance meets expectations, with power of 24q4 expected to repair the net profit from the offsetting non-recurring gains and losses of billions of latitude lithium (300014.sz) of $2.5 billion, an increase of 16 per cent over the same period, with performance in line with expectations.
1. Reserves are growing and customers are expanding. The company’s stock of energy products is growing at a very high rate, with the first three Wu Ho power plants and the top division of the new energy industry producing 35.73gwhh, an increase of 115.57% over the same period.
Data, in the first half of 2024, companies ranked second in the world in their energy cores. The company’s acetic product mr.big, mr.giant obtained successive domestic and foreign series of certifications, and the client, project end validation, 2 power static, and the profit is expected to improve in the first three quarters.
A 4.96% increase in the same year. Battery loads are affected by the lower than expected sales of part of the larger client vehicle fleet, affecting the profitability of the company’s power operations. We expect 2404 company accompanies the Yao Yunfeng power plant to be connected to the new energy industry/
The company is also consolidating its advantages in the area of commercial vehicles. As of the end of the third quarter, according to China’s Alliance for Innovation in the Automotive Battery Industry, the share of the domestic market for Lithium at 100 million latitudes is 13.09%.
3 - Stable growth in primary consumption and positive growth in globalization. Companies consume small cylinder batteries for a single month and sell 100 million. The Chengdu factory is now in operation, Malaysian factories are well under construction, and it is expected to contribute more. In the context of globalization, the companycls model land-based projects are in the United States.
Work began in Mississippi, with an increase in overseas volume of time available. Profit forecast and investment rating: we adjusted the company ' s net return profit for 2024-2026, respectively \triangleright
Risk factors: industry demand is not as high as expected: risk of technological variability: increased competition patterns
The research focuses on a breakdown of the industry and a share of the excavations.
This report has been produced and published by the CVM. The report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed a service agreement with the CVM, and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.