2.0: A strong, steady downhill track focus - 002230.sz - voice technology, political relations, and data accumulation are the three core competitivenesss of the company.
The company started from voice and formed a fully autonomous intellectual property complex from theory to product, Cao Xute, with voiceai technology leading the country.
With the resources of the government of the province of Toonhui, the company’s solution was promoted in Angé, and the resulting demonstration effects and the accumulated success stories made it possible for the product to bloom throughout the country. The key to the fall was data, and the company was able to take the lead on the main track because of its “first step” advantage.
A solid moat has been built by the constant accumulation of data, and companies are best exemplified by the fact that they are the only successful suppliers of region-based solutions in terms of scale. Technology submissiveness, the need to take root, and the track focus are the three main guarantees for the realization of dividends.
The company took advantage of the technological pre-eminence and achieved a range from “first step” to “leading ahead”, and achieved technical subrogations on major tracks such as education, medicine, and so on, such as the achievement of 456 points in 2017 (360 points through the line, 600 points) and more than 96.3 per cent of human candidates passed.
The National Clinical Practitioners Examination, the only company in the industry to date that has passed the National Medical Practitioners Qualifications Examination, is the main track education, medical care, which is cross-cyclical, and, as the country integrates the education and medical profession, the industry needs to be more focused on the actual landing effect, which is an advantage accumulated by the company over the years.
In 2018, the company entered the 2.0 era, with Operation Seven Swords emphasizing efficiency gains, the control of the size of the workforce, the upgrading of product standardization, and the realization of the company's dividends in net profits, which increased from $542 million to $1,364 million between 2018 and 2020, and close to 60 per cent of Cagr, we recognize.
For the company to be in a substantial payoff period, more than two decades of accumulation have enabled the company to be able to look at education, platforms, and health care in the short, medium, and long terms in the future. In the short term, education depends on the award of the order.
The results of the real landings and firm marketing strategies have been invested throughout the country, and we estimate that the national market space is 800 billion dollars: in addition, a book service and a learning machine hardware will be the 2c breakthrough for the company's future, and we believe that the company's education track will be able to break the 15 billion mark for the next two years.
In the medium term, the platform looks at the number of developers and the growth of the arpu value. The platform ' s 2.0 strategy is intended to link industry leaders to build industry vertical ai bases, achieve low-code, zero-code development, further reduce the development threshold, and market 3.0 achieve digital marketing ecology across the chain, which we believe industry.
The involvement of developers and the accuracy of advertising will be reflected in the number of developers and the arpu value: in addition, we believe that, as the impact of the epidemic subsides, the operation of the superstitional smart hardware, represented by the translator, will also open up new opportunities for development, and we believe that the platform 's 20 revenue is expected to reach 15 billion over the next two years.
Long-term medical and digital government, and the penetration rate of medical and mental health assistants in primary health-care institutions.
On the national market of 14 billion; on the digital side, we believe that the number created in partnership with Anhui Province will be an important breakthrough for Jianghua, which is expected to generate $10 billion in future revenues for the two tracks.
50 times the company’s share price, 50 dollars, first covered, rated with “enhancement.” Other winds, such as risk, 2c’s slow growth, reduced government subsidies, impairment of assets, and loss of off-the-shelf business, are among the leaders of the “i” national team, who have slashed a sword in 1.20 years.
In 1999, Liu Qingfeng was founded at the Chinese University of Science and Technology, Anhui Fertilized, from speech synthesis, speech recognition technology, to advanced learning (dnn) to the company's brain.
The solid technological build-up takes the place of voice. The solid scientific build-up of more than two decades has made it possible for companies to operate not only with deep support and cooperation from the state, but also in the area of voice, which is the main entry point.
It was the creation of a fully fledged whole-system ecology, from the top of science and technology to the establishment of industrial products, and became the leader of the speech industry. The track exploration was completed, and the focus of the industry brought the company into the era of the 2.0 dividend realization.
The exploration of the main tracks began to focus on four main areas of education, health, open platforms and consumer business, and urban law, leading to the realization of the 2.0 dividend.
We believe that the overall management of the company plus the broad equity incentive scheme can effectively maintain the stability of its core personnel and bring together the implementation of the company ' s business strategy. 1.2.1 Management: all shareholders plus founder agents plus rotational presidential cohesion focus on long-term strategies
The top ten shareholders of the company, management and related personnel, held 28,1.9 million shares (12.67 per cent), three of the six vice-presidents and three of the chief executives at the CEO level graduated from mid-level, and the executives fully held shares (totalling 33.92 million shares) and signed the Delegation of Authority Agreement, which will hold all of the proposals, voting rights and nominations for the stock of the science-based jet stock.
In addition, in 2014, the company began implementing the “Presidential Rotation System”, which was introduced by the three co-founders of Wu Xiao Yiu, Hu Mu and Chen Tao, who rotated over the course of the year, and has rotated two cycles over the past six years, with the relevant mechanisms already in place.
Well-developed, similar to China, the system allows management to understand the company's business in depth and reach it effectively, so we believe that management's unity of interest and strategy makes the top management system of the company stable and long, and that it has been able to maintain technology leadership and take root over the cycle for 20 years.
1.2.2 Core backbone: Multiple full-scale equity incentives to bind core interests are expected to result in an enhanced one-person contribution, and there is wide coverage of backbone equity incentives. As of 24 December 2021, the company had six equity incentives, the largest.
With a new coverage of 2,240 persons, including top managers and core technical and business staff of the company (including subsidiaries), accounting for 20.35 per cent of the total number of companies, a wide range of equity incentives can bind core self-interests to the performance of the company and motivate the workforce.
The growth of the total number of people has slowed down, and the cost of manpower has decreased its operational efficiency. The company’s set income growth of 10 times and profits of 20 times more than five times over the next trillion targets suggests that the growth of the company’s future workforce will be significantly slower than that of income, while controlling human costs.
The depth of strategic focus, team-based effort, seven swords, resources reuse, task integration, ministry synergy, strategic focus, team struggle, procurement downfalls and informationization underpin the benefits of the seven directions, will gradually increase the net per capita contribution of the public sector.
1.3 The educational platform ' s health triple curve supports short-, medium- and long-term income growth with 128.73 per cent to 5940.
We believe that the company’s performance is short-term, medium-term, long-term, health. 1.3.1 education is the main focus of the company’s short-term performance.
One of the vertical tracks, which has accumulated for more than a decade now -- the company was established primarily to take over the government's information engineering, service, operator business, and in 2005 the accuracy of the computer oral test reached the level of water of the provincial tester.
After achieving full coverage of the tests in Mandarin and English, the company began working with the Department of Education, schools, 2g, 2b, using artificial intelligence to provide educational solutions and to support teacher teaching and student learning. After more than a decade of accumulation, the company has achieved a full-scale intellectual education in the education section covering both the public and private spheres.
The largest share of income is the Māori-led rise. Corporate income from education increased from $761 million in 2015 to the overall Māori rate of 2020, and interest rates increased to 40% of the Māori value of education operations in 2020 as the project was integrated and standardized into hardware and software.
On the whole, we believe that education is the most visible segment of the company in the short term as the regional projects are opened, and revenue is recognized at a pace. Figure 6: Education, Platform 2c, two major businesses contribute to the main Māori (millions of dollars)
Figure 7: Education, Platform 2c are the lead sheep in corporate Māori growth (%) The Ministry ' s adjusted revenue is attributed to the Platform 2c business block. 1.3.2 Medium-term growth of the company is attributed to Platform 2c
Software delivery, light asset mode move fast. Platform 2c is based primarily on the ability of the super-intelligent person to provide intermediate technology solutions for starters' teams, ecological partners, telecommunications operators' clients, and income from sales of smart hardware to consumers, so we think it can respond quickly to market demands and achieve companies.
Platform 2c has also grown dramatically in recent years, both in terms of the amount of revenue and in terms of the pace of growth. Platform 2c has increased from 426 million yuan in 2016 to 4,179 million yuan in 2020, representing a 17,03% of the receivables.
Māori, Māori, is also significantly higher as a result of the integration of business-related activities in consumer bg into operators in 2020, and the adjustment of incomes. Taken together, we believe that short-term corporate performance growth is an open platform, both in terms of income and in terms of Māori.
Open platform operations have grown very rapidly in recent years, with a business model that adds light assets, and we believe that with the increased quality of the developers' team and the application of the industrial landscape, the open platform operations of platform 2c will be at the heart of the company’s growth in medium-term performance in the future.
1.3.3 The medical plate is the company’s long-term layout. Medical care is another important deployment of the company’s “just needed + proxy” strategy, with rapid income growth. Medical care has grown rapidly since the start of 2018, reaching annual income of 313 million yuan (cagr 103 per cent) over a three-year period.
The bill to split the stockholding subsidiary into the market fully reflects the company's interest in and confidence in the growth of the medical business, and the isolation of the medical section from the market can also effectively stimulate the entrepreneurial enthusiasm of the sub-groups and contribute to the company's long-term growth.
The company’s income is semi-annual, generally higher in the second half than in the first half, and the later stages of the project are higher than in the previous period, so we expect that the overall performance in the second half will be better than in the first half.
Revenue, in addition to the fact that the 2020h1 project team was unable to move to the client site to build the project, while the company, as a software-based enterprise with hardware integration, received income mainly from software authorization (lisence), which generally involved significant human and material costs in the lead-up to the project, and later revenue from the project
2.ai Industrial Policy Dividend is a clear corporate combination that highlights the technological upgrading of top-level policies and the growth of downstream demand for the country ' s artificial intelligence industry as opportunities to further lead artificial intelligence applications in specific areas, the future of artificial intelligence and the future of the public.
The Division has a solid source of technological build-up and a well-developed landing system on voice, so we believe that companies can fully benefit from the wave of flowering in the ai industry.
The National Economic and Social Development Plan of the People's Republic of China XIV and the Outline of the Vision 2035 (hereinafter referred to as “the Outline”) clearly state the need to target the cutting-edge areas of artificial intelligence and capability and to implement a number of major, forward-looking and strategic national scientific and technological projects, in addition to manufacturing.
More than a dozen specific applications, such as industry, services and infrastructure, have focused on the location of artificial intelligence applications, reflecting the high priority attached at the national level. Artificial intelligence as the “fourth industrial revolution”, followed by a series of specific guidance measures, have also provided comprehensive policy support for its industrialization.
Algorithms + arithmetic + big data create the preconditions for the acceleration of ai’s industrialization. Arithmetic is the logic of calculating, arithmetic is the ability of bottom-level physical computing to process, data is the real threshold for i’s industrialization to apply, and after many years of development, our ai industry has accumulated enough in three ways.
Year after year, the accuracy of voice machine recognition (98%) is well above the human average (95%). As a matter of arithmetic, gpu’s vast applications, the development of cloud computing, and rising chip processing capabilities provide the physical basis for calculations.
31% of the ball, with a high growth rate of 55%, well above the global rate of 39%. As far as the data are concerned, i-producers have fully recognized the importance of the data for i-models to land, and have taken a variety of ways to get big data, root industries, etc., into the industry, such as a network of intellectuals in education.
The accumulation of personalized learning data for more than five years, the co-construction of hospitals for more than three years in the medical field and the deposition of electronic medical records, have broken down the problem of data silos in different ways, creating preconditions for the application of scale industries.
We believe that the size of China's ii market is expected to reach 300 billion yuan in the next two years. According to the research institute of the Chinese industry, the size of China's ii industry grew from 70.8 billion in 2017-2019 to 12.9 billion, and the cagr 35%, and we believe that as the ii commercialization accelerates, the future cagr is expected to reach 25%, corresponding to the 2023 industry regulations.
2.2 Accommodating the leadership of speech cognitive technologies from 0 to n, we believe that smart voice technologies are a series of related and complex combinations of powerful technologies, with complex algorithms and continuous accumulation and updating, with high technical barriers, company-based technological innovations and years of experience.
In the form of intensive farming, a full-chain system of research from research to products has been set up, and the combined technological strength is now in the forefront of the industry.
The voice-ai technology itself is a complex combination of a range of disciplines. The voice-ai technology process can be divided into input-know-understanding-generation-outputs, and there are complex technical problems of sound source distance, sound strength, mixed sound separation, split, echo processing, noise processing, etc. at the input stage alone, which greatly affect the accuracy of voice information and hence the need for it.
In addition to the multidisciplinary accumulation of technology, the availability of adequate, deep, real, accessible applications and landings.
The training database is even more critical, and this is where the differences in the competitiveness of the firms are. The voice recognition technology is already in its production maturity in 2019, which means that head voice technology research and development institutions have been able to apply and acquire big real data on a large scale in the industry, and the gap in the amount of data accumulated will further increase the technology.
2.2.2 Focus on voice technology for 20 years to build voice-ai industry leaders, we believe that companies are technologically genetic, source-based innovation, landing mechanisms, sustainability of R & D, industry chain layout, the city
First, when the company was founded in 1999, it brought its own “Voice” technology genes. Liu Qingfeng, the founder of the company, was willing to fully industrialization Chinese speech technology in the hands of the Chinese people themselves, while he was studying Chinese science and information processing doctor.
Starting with speech synthesis and speech recognition technology, the company defines itself as a source technology manufacturer, all core technologies are fully autonomously developed and have autonomous intellectual property rights, and in the area of al it does not require authorization from foreign manufacturers, it is a truly Chinese technology enterprise of its own.
ii. The company’s source of innovation is reflected in the sensitivity of the 0-1 fundamental theory, the application model, and the 1-n-drawn system of deep production studies.In the 0-1 context, Professor Geoffreyehinton published a theoretical framework based on in-depth learning in 2006.
Adding to the arithmetic improvements brought about by big data and cloud computing, the company started research on the first Chinese dnn speech recognition technology in 2010 and went online the following year with the first Chinese speech recognition dnn system in the world, one of the first companies in the industry to build an in-depth learning platform.
In terms of 1-n, in the process of joint research and development with outside experts, industrialization rights are primarily vested in companies, which guarantee the dominance of companies in the cooperative mechanism for research and development in the production sciences, in addition to being the governing body of the Alliance for Innovation in Artificial Intelligent Sciences of the Chinese Academy of Sciences and the only one in the country.
Voice technology as an industrialized “Industrialization Base for the results of the 863 National Plan”, “Innerstream Software Enterprises within the National Planning Layout”, “Incentives for the National Burns Programme” and “A Demonstration Project for the Industrialization of the National High Technology Project”, and was identified by the Ministry of Information Industry as the head of the Working Group on Cross-Speeching Technical Standards in Chinese, leading the development of the Chinese language.
The millions of developers’ team and 3.3 million ecological partners have built a corporate-centred ai-industry ecology. We believe that companies can effectively use the production and research systems of the Open Platform through autonomous landings and cooperative development.
Research results are translated into market-based products and services. Thirdly, in terms of technological outcomes, companies take advantage of the pre-emptive advantages of source innovation to achieve a “lead to lead” on key tracks, with technological strength at the forefront of the international ladder.
The company has won a large number of international champions in famous international events in many areas, such as voice, image, cognitive, etc., and has moved from a single-point technological breakthrough to machine awareness, multi-model applications, and complex landscape applications. For example, the company has won 14 consecutive crowns in the most authoritative and influential international competition in voice alignment.
In terms of technological strength, companies have made a breakthrough from “first to first.” Fourthly, in terms of technological sustainability, we believe that companies are sufficiently competitive in terms of both the talent ladder and the investment of funds.
In terms of talent, companies have established a system of full human cooperation and nurturing from higher education to the Academy, covering the main voices in the country, through self-directed training plus external recruitment plus joint laboratories plus equity/temporality incentives for core personnel, from remuneration, career development arenas, evaluation incentives, corporate culture, etc.
In terms of equity incentives, since 2020, the company has implemented three equity incentives, covering 1900, 70, 2253 persons, all but management, with a technical and business backbone, representing more than 20 per cent of the total number of companies, and we believe that broad and deep equity incentives can motivate employees while stabilizing their hearts and minds.
The R & D rate has stabilized at 23% and is on the rise, far above the level of Bat, and companies focus on voice artificial intelligence research rather than common intelligence, so we think that corporate R & D investment in the voice-ai field is a strong guarantee of technology's leading edge.
V. In terms of technology landing applications, we consider the company to be one of the most complete, market-shared and sticky companies in the country’s voice-related industry.
The bottom-of-the-line algorithm, which built the Open Platform for "Search Super Brain" and then actively explored a number of areas, such as education, law, hospitality, medical care, and, in the course of exploration, gradually focused on the industry track, and finally explored the four main trade paths of education plus medical plus 2c+ law, which led to the realization of the platform+track strategy.
As a result, there is an extensive layout of the depth learning engine layer, the algorithmic platform layer, and the application layer.
The Centre published a White Paper on the Development of the Smart Voice Industry in China 2019-2020 and a report by idc, which the Department ranks fifth (4.50 per cent) internationally, first in the country, and its share is close to the second and third combined.
Aliun, 100-degree-smart cloud, Torth.
Little robots. Nugance, apple, Microsoft, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science, science.
The company's current clients are very sticky. The company's main clients are governments and large enterprises, such as educational offices, examination houses, teaching boards and schools in different parts of the country, and these are sticky, low price sensitive, and more focused on addressing emerging needs.
3. Education: The 14th Plan, which is based on the need to “symmetrical downscaling” within the established system, and the publication of a series of policy guidance documents have led to adequate policies in the education information industry, as a result of the country's policies to encourage the industrialization of the ai.
The dividends, we believe that the firm’s deep accumulation and long-term top-down strategy on the education track can fully benefit from the information-based era of 2.0, and that revenues from education operations are expected to reach $15 billion over the next two years. 3.1.1 The platform for macro-high cloud-net integration, regional-level intelligence, is the main thread for the future of the education-information industry.
Education information 2.0 emphasizes the building of a “large platform” to solve the problem of information islands. In accordance with the Action Plan for Education Information 2.0 (hereinafter referred to as “the Plan”), published by the Ministry of Education in 2018, it can be seen that the network equipment hardware infrastructure has reached the national school coverage level after 2018.
(100% Internet access in primary and secondary schools (including teaching points) across the country in December 2020), but at the same time, there is still a relatively large amount of room for upgrading the computer literacy and application capabilities of teachers, students and managers in our departments, with more hardware as an auxiliary teaching tool, difficult data connectivity between different platforms, and information and data silos as a result.
The goal is to build a large platform and enhance its information literacy. Fourteen-five continues the goal of the Great Platform. Fourteen-five plans focus on building the Internet+Education cloud network, accelerating the construction of China's dedicated educational network and the Internet+Education platform, moving from top-level design to top-level design.
A step-by-step clarification of the idea of a “big platform.” In the context of a series of initiatives, such as the 2021 pilot project on the application of the “Small Education Model Zone” and the “5g+Smart Education,” we believe that, in the broader context of the 14th Five-Year Plan, specific policies will continue to be included in the Action Plan for the Informationization of Education 2.0.
In this spirit, the emphasis will be on platforming, softwareization, and intelligence, and the future emphasis will be on building top-down smart connectivity systems based on provincial platforms. 3.1.2 Micro-diplomatic “double-down” drives a shift in demand towards the projected two-year market-wide breakthrough of 350 billion yuan.
The “double reduction” and “5+2” models limit out-of-school education, compound the effects of the epidemic, increase the importance of education in schools, and trigger the need for in-school information.
The increase in the number of hours spent by students in school, in the context of the regulation of out-of-school counselling, has led to greater attention being paid to education in schools, while schools and teachers will be more motivated to apply new technologies in order to reduce the stress of teaching, and funding will be made more secure around the application of regional and home-based settings, as well as the need for information-based construction in schools.
We believe that the size of the information market for primary and secondary education will gradually increase, driven by both policy and demand factors, with an expected breakthrough of 350 billion yuan over the next two years.
It is clear from the opinion that the State budget spends no less than 4 per cent of GDP on sex education, ensuring that the general public budget spends on education only on a yearly basis, as can be seen from the country's information budget on education, which is closely linked to gdp.
According to Irel, the size of the information market for primary and secondary education rose from $156.62 billion in 2013 to $26.88 billion, and the cagr.88 per cent in 2013 and 2013 and we believe that the only region in the market that has been affected by the epidemic in the next two years, the cagr 3.2, has been able to achieve an altruistic downscaling of cases of successful cagrères.
Over the next two years, we believe that a firm business strategy based on a rich product matrix, strong technological strength, solid data accumulation, and solid business strategies can further consolidate its educational track by taking advantage of the 14th Five-Year Plan and the two-way wind.
As a result of the gradual release of the dividend, we expect to earn $6 billion in 2021, with revenue expected to reach 3.2.1 in the next two years, with a matrix of the full range of precision teaching products based on regional platforms and covering the evaluation of teaching examinations.
The services that can be provided by education operations already fully cover all client groups in gbc and have a well-developed product and service matrix for in-house learning. 3.2.2 Working to build a solid “integrated intergenerational advantage” for more than fifteen years of education
The company has accumulated data on first-line real examinations and specialist resources for more than 15 years. From 2005 onwards, the company achieved national coverage of the language examinations by hearing that it had been involved in the examinations. In 2015, the network of intellectuals was launched, and the process-based data on learning in schools were collected and extended to schools. In 2017, it joined the North.
A pilot project on the development and application of data from the Commission ' s main basic education programme, followed by a collaboration between the company and 60 of China ' s 100 major schools, covering more than 5,500 teachers and 70 per cent of the teaching age of more than 15 years, further enhanced the depth and breadth of the data, the question bank and the knowledge mapping.
In 2021, the company ' s ocr formula identified the highest accuracy rate in the world. Auto-Accuracy exceeded manual accuracy, diagnostic accuracy increased by 33%, and inefficient operation time decreased by 50%. The region ' s material-based programmes have been fruitful, and the only successful case of scale application has been thick and thin.
Thus, according to the Port City Department of Education, in 2020, the "first step" in the implementation of the Pedagogical Upliftment Project in the High Examinations showed a one-time rate of 23.79 per cent, an increase of 2.55 per cent, and a one-time rate of 31.95 per cent and a 4.09 per cent increase in the same year in the eight deep applied schools.
Quality development in port education has been accelerated. In 2019, the pilot cities of Karang and Qingdao, respectively, were selected as the only cities in Shandong Province, as “show areas of intellectual education” nationwide (20% of the total), and the company’s curriculum solutions have been implemented.
It highlights practical value and is highly recognized by the Government and the relevant sectors, and it is the only factory in the industry that has been able to achieve the success of the scale-based project.
The Director of the Department of Basic Education of the Ministry of Education, Lu Yugang, answered the questions of the press at the Ministry of Education's 2020 closing press conference series:44 Information technology is now developing very quickly.
School construction on-site meetings have felt the positive impact of smart information technology on the adaptation of classroom teaching, and we need to be bold about innovative application of these good teaching outcomes.
First, with regard to marketing channels, we believe that good relationships and historical accumulation of business with government and related sectors are at the heart of the firm's competitiveness, while companies are also building bottom-up marketing systems, and as a result overall marketing capacity is gradually increasing.
In addition to building a joint laboratory with the Ministry of Education in 2016, the company worked with a number of higher education institutions, such as the North Division and Qinghua, which we believe will enable the company to move from a higher dimension to a more forward-looking perspective.
Since its inception, the company has accumulated government resources through the project to build educational systems in Anhui Province, and in 2006 it was involved in the Ten Projects.
With the strategic partnership established by the Anhui government, the company has since built 15 provincial education cloud platforms, accounting for more than 50 per cent of the country's market, and a large number of local and municipal school-level education platforms, which we believe are equivalent to deep participation in the development of regional education information data standards, which has also been in the company's region in recent years.
The top-down package really makes it possible to achieve data connectivity, fully matching the 14th Plan requirements. We've done a disassembly analysis for nearly three years of the target-success-based solutions (more than 100 million dollars) and we've found that it's common.
Projects include hardware, software and services, specifically the regional system for the management of teaching supervision and academic evaluation, the school campus and teaching management system, the classroom interactive hardware and software, the teacher's approval of software and hardware and the post-class software and booking services, and integrated construction that allows for the effective collection of student teacher classes
From sales talent to marketing systems, the company’s bottom-up marketing capacity has been steadily increasing. In the workforce, companies have increased their recruitment of sales personnel in recent years, with close to 3,000 sales workers, representing 21% of the total.
In terms of marketing systems, 23 marketing districts nationwide had been built by the end of 2020, with a network of direct sales + channels covering all districts and districts. Second, in terms of business strategy, operating on the basis of the local + concentration stick case + the marketing of engineers satisfied the company’s clients.
We believe that the company’s position as a leader in the future education market will become stronger. The company’s marketing and expansion will be based on a steady and gradual penetration of the ground, starting with a demonstration of the results of the class and grade pilot, then expanding to the whole school, transforming the pilot school into an operating school, and making it a business school.
By building “stamp cases”, based on the information disclosed by the company, the rate of renewal of the personalized learning manual is close to 100%, so we believe that a refined “ground-based” can create a good demonstration effect in the province and create a solid basis for the company to take further control of the market in its counterpart province.
In terms of personnel, the company has widely used a Chinese-style “engineer marketing” approach in its exhibition process to promote propaganda that is widespread and sufficiently sunk, placing a large number of salesmen and business people on the ground on the first line and providing client advisory services, and we believe that close-to-the-line client services can be maintained while fully meeting client needs.
As the only factory in the industry that is able to achieve a successful regional programme, we believe that companies have a clear and integrated competitive advantage, and that market leadership is visible and will be increasingly consolidated.
iii. Decay + Rooting at the grass-roots level, the regional holistic approach to teaching for material purposes has been rolled out throughout the country. + 60% of the total sum of $8.378 billion (+ 60%) for the year 2020, based on the information to be disclosed by the company's performance.
From the point of view of the winning sites, the winning sites have been fully opened from the interior of Anhui Province to Shandong, Chongqing, Henan, Hubei, Yunnan, Xinjiang and Guangxi provinces across the country, and there has been a proliferation trend in the last year ' s winning provinces such as Anhui and Shandong in other urban districts in the province.
3.2.4 The national control of language examinations has been achieved and will increase steadily with the number of candidates in the country and is expected to reach 48 million yuan over the next two years.
1. The company has achieved national control of the language examinations. After years of farming, the company has heard that the smart testing system technology service has covered the national and foreign authoritative English-language examinations, such as the English (Cet) IV-VI oral examination at the University of Yath. and the national mid- and high-level examinations, of which 9 provinces have achieved 100% coverage, with more than 90% coverage.
We're using the recently published award for the Technical Service for Four-Six Smart Certificates from the Ministry of Education Examinations Centre as a model for obtaining a single examination that would generate approximately 0.8 dollars for the company, taking into account the number of junior high school graduates published by the Ministry of Education, the number of candidates for the advanced examinations and the number of candidates for the advanced examinations, we assume that the number of junior high school graduates is equal to the number of upper secondary school graduates in English.
In terms of number, the number of participants in the higher examinations is equal to the number of participants in the higher examinations in English, the number of candidates in the last year ' s upper examinations is double the number of participants in the current year ' s fourth grade, and the number of candidates in the previous year ' s higher exam is equal to the number of participants in the current year ' s sixth grade. It can be assumed from the above assumptions that companies passed the upper secondary exam and the English class IV-6 smart reviews in 2015-2020.
The income generated by technical services has increased from $35.62 million to $41.05 million (cagr 2.87 per cent), with the appropriate age population. Trends in population figures suggest that the company will be able to increase by more than 3 per cent over the next two years, and that the company will also have other business such as upper and upper secondary tests, Jas, etc., so we think that we will be able to achieve income of $4.22 million in 2021 and 2023.
We split the company ' s 2019 successful port education project in detail. Of the 1,586 million dollars, about 20 per cent were for the port ' s overall operation, academic data analysis system, 45 per cent for hardware and software per student, while the rest were mainly for personalized high school operations, school management systems, classes and soft teachers.
In addition, in order to give a more accurate estimate of the size of the region's overall market for education, we have organized the number of primary and secondary schools, teachers and students according to the city, schools, classes, teachers, students, etc., as well as the general type of schools (excluding special circumstances such as the consistent system) published by the Ministry of Education in August 2021.
The number of classes is converted to the upper limit of 50 pupils/classes in primary schools in accordance with the teaching staff rule No. [82002].8 Assuming that all municipalities use the operational, academic data analysis system, that all classes use the classroom interactive terminals and hard and hardware and rule of law + book law courses, and that all secondary schools use the collection of smart micro-school data and classroom learning.
Building video analysis and self-learning system services, with personalized manual services in all high schools, resulting in a total market size of approximately $807 billion for municipal-level regional solutions.2 In terms of income, we believe that the company will earn $4 billion in 2021 from the contract for training in the next two years.
In terms of income characteristics, the overall solution in the corporate region is mainly a bid system, and as the standardization of corporate output is gradually increasing, we assume that delivery of projects below $1 billion can generally be completed within 3-6 months, with projects above $1 billion for 3-5 years, with 50 per cent refunds within one year after the general bid is awarded, and the rest shared annually.
With regard to the continuity of project revenues, systems upgrades, personalized learning manual services, ongoing maintenance services, etc., need to be renewed in order to generate business income after project delivery has been completed, and we believe that companies can obtain follow-up continuing operating orders through a well-developed product matrix and good product performance.
In terms of hardware and hardware composition, hardware is concentrated on classrooms, teachers, student terminals and connection devices in intelligent classrooms, and the rest on software, and we assume that the overall ratio of hardware to teaching programmes is 10-20 per cent, and that it increases operating costs by concentrating delivery mainly in the first year of the winning bid.
In summary, we believe that the key to the projections of corporate contract income based on merit is the amount of the winning project, based on a public sum of more than 100 million yuan (Yoy 58 per cent), combined with the overall roll-out of the corporate solution throughout the country, and the improvement of the company ' s marketing system, we believe.
On the basis of the average five-year project period, we consider that in 2021 the company, with its software and hardware products services for clients in the entire programme area with fewer budgets, is expected to reach $4.5 billion over the next two years, owing to the training of students, personalized learning manuals, and learning machines.
The personalized learning manual (the “brochure”) is designed primarily to improve the efficiency of students' learning by providing them with job-scenarios, puzzle-mapping and knowledge mapping services through the company's ai-technology, thereby reducing inefficient duplication of issues, achieving targeted knowledge and learning on mistreats.
We assume that corporate book 2c income = operating high school/total national high school population* average annual penetration rate of individual students *
14.08 per cent) We believe that more than 50 per cent of the students use a book service, which is based on the purchase of two courses per student, and that an average of $900 per year is required to be paid out of the books attached to the overall programme for the teaching of subjects, and we anticipate an income of $790 million in 2021, with a total of approximately $790,000 worth of single-school arpu.
We believe that both the number of schools covered and the number of single-schoolarpu values will increase steadily over the next two years, with the hardware of the learning machines, the main scene of the company ' s machine products being that students learn at home on their own, based on the use of the ai technology for precision learning, interactive learning, and the preparation of job diagnostics and bugs.
Currently, the company’s master learning machine t10. The unit price varies from US$2000-7000 to US$0 per year in the first half of this year, so we expect to generate an income of US$ 980 million in 2021. We believe that the new generation of t10 machines will earn US$2.5 billion in 2023.
Figure 39: Learning machines t10 can assist students with precision learning from classes to performance appraisals with the help of the ai technique IV. Teaching operations are mainly private school income, which is expected to reach $275 million over the next two years.
(cagr 13.38%) We believe that with the increase in enrolment and the construction of the intelligent campus system, the future, together, we believe that, with the full release of the company's advantages in the education track, the total income of the education block business is expected to be $6.1 billion in 2021, with revenue expected to reach $15.24 billion over the next two years.
4. Platform 2c: The platform 2c of the Industrial Digitally Modified Auxiliary Auxiliary Auxiliary Auxiliary Auxiliary Auxiliary Accompaniment Accompanies Accompanimental Acreme Accelerator, which is realized through three main business models: dsp advertising, smart hardware retailing, voice listening and analysis services.
4.1 Advertisement: Increases in volume are driving future revenue through $18 billion, 4.1.1 Open Platform operations-led platform 2c revenue growth. Open platform 2021h1 revenue is $1,293 million, or 50.19 per cent of platform 2c operations income, divided by
In addition to being affected by the epidemic, the rate of growth in 2020h1 has exceeded 50 per cent in recent years, far higher than the rate of growth in Platform 2c as a whole, figure 40: the growth in revenues of the Open Platform, which dominates Platform 2c (billion yuan, %) will increase.
4.1.2 Open platform revenues are highly relevant to the number of developers, and we believe that open platform receipts = number of developers *arpu.
In our view, the reason is that the Open Platform currently relies primarily on dsp advertising for profit, so the quantity and quality of developers is a key determinant of the platform’s revenue. 4.1.3 Platform 2.0 industrial digitization + full-link marketing contributes to the loss of $15 billion over the next two years.
In terms of the number of developers, we believe that industrial digitization will bring new dynamism. In 2021, at the 1024 Developers' Festival, the company released a 2.0 strategy, shifting its strategic focus to building industry-ai bases with industry leaders, allowing for low- and zero-code research and development without vertical developers, thus further lowering the development threshold.
2020.12-2021.10 The number of developers increased from 1.56 million to 2.65 million, at a rate of 50.9 per cent, and we believe that the number of developers will be sustained over the next two years as the Platform ' s threshold for industry development is lowered.
At the developers' arpu (half-year), we believe that full-link digital marketing ecology will push up the bill. At the end of the product and service side, the company has built two major product systems, the Digital Advertising Platform and the "ai marketing center," providing marketing advice, digital integration marketing, and the number of full-links that users run.
The word marketing eco 3.0 can be better combined with the company's own and the developers' application to create a flow-closing loop, and the company's ai technology can build a more accurate user image, and the application landscape will be improved to provide more users with a greater degree of accuracy in dsp dynamic bidding.
We believe that, under the influence of advertisers, the volatility of the arpu over the second half of the year has gradually become apparent, often more than in the second half of the year, with the exception of the 2020h1 affected advertisers, whose budget has been significantly reduced, and that in recent years the level of the arpu has risen to 1,293 million yuan in the open platform, and in the light of the above-mentioned conclusions, we believe that in 2021 we will have income.
4.2 Hardware: Medium-term translation pen recovery boosted revenue by over $2.5 billion, and we believe that the company ' s fully-fledged smart hardware system, which focuses on the translation of pens, will become the second pillar of platform 2c, which is expected to reach $2.5 billion over the next two years.
The matrix of smart hardware products is perfect. In the office landscape, the company's main product is a back-to-back system with high-end translator machines, which enhances office efficiency mainly by storing the sound and unstructured data from office, day-to-day communication processes and hand-written data into valuable structured data, and relies on new products and uniforms for growth.
Figure 45: The matrix of corporate office products is perfect, and the volume of translations is ranked in the top three figures: Figure 46: The size of China’s translator market (billion yuan) and the size of China’s translator market is expected to reach $5.7 billion over the next two years. According to the report of the Institute of Forward-looking Industries.
The company ' s translator product, given its powerful product function and user experience, is preponderant in the consumer-level market, with China ' s translator market of 2.77 billion yuan in 2020 and a 30 per cent increase, and we believe that, as the impact of the epidemic subsides, the cagr is expected to reach 20 per cent over the next two years, corresponding to market size of 4,787 million in 2023.
Winter Olympics promote demonstrations. Translator revenues are expected to recover. With leading semantic artificial intelligence technology, the company's translator, etc., reducing the duration of the two-hour meeting to 0.5 hours, while the content is 100% complete, the company became unique in the automatic speech conversion and translation of the Beijing Winter Olympics and Winter Paralympics in 2022.
The company's products will be used by a supplier, all daily exchanges, office and translation services for athletes, Olympic Committees, etc., until 2024, and we believe that as the impact of the epidemic subsides and as the Olympic Winter Games demonstrate, the company's income from the translation machine operations is expected to recover.
In terms of sales performance, in 2020 and 2021, the company ' s 618 boosted sales by 40% (140% after the de-translator) and 108% respectively. The company ' s main product, 1,000 dollar translator pens s10 and 4839 dollar double screen translator, were the masters of the Kyoto translator.
After all, we believe that, with the gradual slowdown in internal and external restrictions, the growth of existing hardware sales + the revival of the translator market will bring the company to 47.5 per cent in the next two years, i.e., a breakthrough of 2.5 billion in smart hardware revenues over the next two years.
4.3 Operator services and others: Business integration is expected to yield revenues of 1.8 billion. By 2020, the company created a new operator for business related to the operator in consumer bg and launched an integrated, interactive service management solution, with smart listening to robots + smart call robots + smart voice analysis system
Collectively, it is possible to reduce the cost of labour, increase the efficiency of calls, auto-develop the value of data, optimize the functionality of the service process, with an operating income of 696 million yuan from the 2021h1 operator, which we believe will be at least 1.3 billion yuan in 2021, set at a fixed value of 300 million yuan.
In summary, we believe that advertising will lead to an increase in platform 2c revenue, and that hardware is expected to recover as the flow of people within and outside the country recovers. Operators’ business integration can provide a more sustained growth dynamic.
The urgent need to upgrade the level of care in primary health-care institutions in the context of the health-care coverage fee, and the need to optimize the allocation of resources under the conditions of health-care coverage, is the main policy line for the health-care sector at this stage.
Adding to the late-disease catalytic effects, the al+ health sector will be gaining momentum, with a projected market size of 10 billion in the future. 5.1.1 High health-care expenditure pressure will be a long-term policy. Health-care coverage is stable. According to data from the National Health Service and the Health Care Board, the number of participants in basic health-care coverage has been stable in recent years.
The health-care balance is tight, and the cost of control will be a long-term policy. At the same time that the number of people is stable, the pressure on the health-care fund to spend is increasing, with health-care fund balances of around $36 trillion between 2017 and 2020, representing a share of income from 2017.
Guidance for the pilot of the comprehensive reform of the Hospital will be introduced, and the cost of health insurance will become a long-term policy. Figure 48: Increased pressure on health-care funds to spend (100 billion) 5.1.2ai+ medical care to address the shortage of personnel at the grass-roots level is expected to be close to $10 billion in market size.
I. There is a serious shortage of general practitioners at the grass-roots level. According to the National Health Insurance Institute, as of April 2021, there were 10,276 thousand health institutions in the country, of which 97,460,000 (60,870,000 in the village health units) represented 94.84 per cent.
Only 265.5 million people, or only 73 per cent of the total, or an average of 3.7 primary health-care institutions, have one general practitioner, and there is a serious shortage of general practitioners in primary-care institutions.
II. We believe that ai+ health care will be the best solution compared to human development, and therefore it is expected that large institutions such as hospitals, which have a slow cycle of general practitioner development on a market scale in the future, will no longer be able to meet the needs of basic institutions. My model of general practitioner development is "5+3" , i.e., five years of undergraduate education in clinical medicine (including Chinese medicine).
After three more years of normative training, with a relatively long life cycle of talent development and a greater tendency to work in large institutions, such as hospitals, grass-roots institutions face a shortage of money and high demand. Aai+ health care can be more cost-effective in meeting the needs of primary health-care institutions more efficiently in the short term.
The technology is mature. Electronic medical records and auxiliary decision-making have matured at the technical level and are in the commercial exploration phase, according to the billions of Euro think tanks.
The support system is a natural advantage for one-time training and bulk-scale use, with long-term costs much lower than those for a person, and a reduced rate of diagnosis error as machines learn, which can increase the level of diagnosis in primary health-care institutions in the short term.
The annual market size of the Iai+ Core Medical Software grew from 226 million yuan to 2.9 billion yuan, and the cagr was 66.6 per cent because the al+ Medical Software needed to be tendered and built on site, so the market ' s growth in the pre-epidemiology (2020) was significantly slower, but as the negative impact of the epidemic on hospitals diminished and the demand for medical upgrades was released,
They believe that the positive impact of the epidemic on ai ' s landfall needs will gradually become apparent, so they set the future cagr at 50%, corresponding to the market size of $9.8 billion in 2023. 5.2 Strong grass-roots strategic support for future health-care track revenues will reach $1.16 billion.
5.2.1ai's downside pain is in the data, and we believe that the “data silo” has become a key constraint on a person's downfall in the field of health care.
The diversity and diversity of participants, together with the importance that medical institutions and patients attach to their data privacy, have created a vast number of information islands. According to data from the Institute of Forward-looking Industries, the medical information industries in the country are only 13.16 per cent and only 13.16 per cent.
17.95 per cent, data and information problems make it more difficult for a person to land because of the lack of adequate training and application, and therefore we believe that the relative presence of a product is also due to the ease and standard nature of the data.
5.2.2 The company has managed the data problem with voice electronic medical records and mental medicine assistants, who, in our view, are a central manifestation of the company's strength in the medical field, from writing medical records to supporting diagnostics to monitoring early warning, have broken through the “data silo” constraint to form a closed circle with a general support function at its core.
In terms of products, while providing medical personnel with real-time electronic audio-translation of medical records, IMSs are able to generate, in real-time, diagnostic recommendations for machine-owned decision-making on the basis of specific content, automatically uploading the results to a higher hospital for review and upgrading the capacity of primary institutions at the front end.
In voice technology, according to the information disclosed by the company, the rate of completion of the electronic medical record rose from less than 50 per cent before it came online to 79 per cent, the standard medical records of primary health-care institutions in Anhui Province increased from 5 per cent to 89 per cent, and, unlike the United States, the electronic medical records of the company were written in real time in conjunction with hardware, with an accuracy of more than 95 per cent.
It is well above 70% of certified entry-level stenographers. 456 points a year (360 through the line, 600 points) and more than 96.3% of human candidates passed the National Clinical Practitioners Examination, making it the only national practitioner to date.
Accompanied diagnostic products from the qualification examination could increase the diagnostic reasonableness rate for basic physicians from 70 per cent to 88 per cent, and between November 2020 and November 2021 in Anhui province alone, 970,000 cases of inaccuracies were corrected.
From the beginning of solving the problem of electronic medical records, the company was actively involved in the medical field. In 2017-2021, the company built, together with the Anhui Provincial Hospital, the Chinese Medical Academy, and Qinghua, respectively, the Anhui Provincial Smart Hospital (Asociatively Auxiliary Intelligent Clinic Centre), the Medical Aid Joint Laboratory and the Joint Research Centre for Medical Language Processing Technologies, which accumulated a large amount of information.
From research to clinical first-hand data resources. According to voice technology, according to the information disclosed by the company, the rate of completion of electronic medical records rose from less than 50 per cent before it got online to 79 per cent, and the standard medical records of primary medical institutions in Anhui Province increased from 5 per cent to 89 per cent.
Unlike the country, the company’s electronic medical records are written in real time to match hardware, with an accuracy of more than 95%, well above the 70% level of certified stenographers. Ecologically, an intellectual assistant has been able to better address 1,000 of the most common diseases defined by the Commission, and, in this case,
A system of closed ring management and automatic early warning for acute diseases, infectious diseases and infectious diseases has been built up on the basis of general medical support, allowing for the monitoring and early warning of 40 statutory infectious diseases, 15 illegal infectious diseases and six major types of syndrome. The landscape should continue to grow. According to Irel, the company has become an ecological leader in the ai+ medical field.
5.2.3 The Fragmentation Strategy of the strong grass-roots + subsidiary promotes a health track revenue of $1.16 billion in 2023, with intellectual assistants taking root from the bottom up. The mental health assistants are deployed mainly in the saas (his system plugins) in rural and community primary health-care institutions and are now located in more than 20 provinces of the country (all covered by Anhui province) and more than 30,000 foundations.
At the level of health-care institutions, 340 million supplementary services were provided, effectively increasing the capacity of primary health-care institutions, providing an average annual income of 142,000 yuan per year; at the rate of penetration, the current penetration rate for mental health assistants is 2.26 per cent, based on 97,460,000 establishments nationwide.
In August 2021, the company decided to separate the company's medical plate holding company, Anjicko News, Flight Information Technology Ltd., which we believe marks the company's interest in medical business.
The build-up is expected to continue at a 42.5% compound rate, and as business models are explored and subsidiaries are independent, the value of the future arpu is expected to rise at a rate of 10%, with the result that it will be possible to earn an intellectual assistant in 2023.
6. The urban policy approach, which is to create wisdom by digitalizing the East Wind, has been dominated by digital government, smart law and information projects in urban law and order.
The future growth of urban governance will focus on digital government, which is expected to break $8.5 billion in revenue over the next two years.
Digital governments focus on telekinesis, which combines voice recognition with urban brain building, including snow, engineering defense, political upscaling, intelligent transportation, etc. The national policy of 6.1.2 has promoted the digitalization of cities, both in terms of speed and in absolute amounts.
The 14th Plan explicitly proposes the promotion of new smart cities, the improvement of the urban information model platform and the operation of the management service platform, and the exploration of digital twin cities. Under the influence of the 14th Plan, there are political and legal differences around the country and concrete plans for digital government construction, and we believe that the current digital government policy environment is a good one for the future.
6.1.3 Building a competitive advantage based on the resources of the province of Toonhui. In the results of the project, the company achieved a complete upgrading of the transition from urban governance to government digitalization through the deep integration of artificial intelligence plus expert wisdom plus multidimensional multidimensional data.
The research team (wwns-r) launched the Global Standards Study of the Urban Brain, which is the only six selected classic construction cases in the world, in addition to the fact that companies are leading projects like Hangzhou, Digital Chateau, and others. In terms of the project’s value, the top three countries in the last year’s wise city, more than billions of dollars, were evangelical, Chinese, and evangelical.
The total amount of the above-valued project is ranked first, with a total size of 1,745 million yuan, and a digital Jianghua company has been set up on the project reserve, the company and the government of the province of Anhui, which will serve as the provincial digital government ' s master plan and master contractor for the construction of the Jiang Yeo data platform.
6.1.4 Projected future digital government revenues exceed 4.5 billion yuan in construction, thus generally higher income in the second half of the year than in the first half of the year. In addition, we believe that policy funding constraints are expected to ease as the epidemic recovers everywhere, so we believe that the figure government revenue is 1.8 billion in 2021.
6.2 Smart trials: future growth in standardization + operational upgrades. In terms of intellectual law, the system of supporting cases such as voice hearings, mainly the Law on Public Prosecutions, has evolved rapidly since the review by the Information Centre of the High People ' s Court at the end of 2016.
The system of intelligent support for cases has been extended throughout the country, with products and solutions in the field of intelligent courts covering 31 provinces and municipalities, more than 1,400 courts (39.58 per cent penetration), nearly 8,000 courts (78.86 per cent penetration), and over 90 per cent coverage in the High Court and the provincial inspectorates, so we believe that the public prosecution is being achieved.
Following the control of the law, the main direction of future growth is the standardization of products and services and the subsequent upgrading of operations. Figure 58: Court penetration is close to 40 per cent. Figure 59: Court penetration is close to 80 per cent.
The number of courts in which the Applied Sciences Section's high-speed flyer products are not applied  The number of courts in which the Applied Sciences high-speed flyer products are not applied  The number of courts in which the unapplied high-speed flyer products are generated is 288 million yuan, and we believe that the company earned at least 1.2 billion yuan in 2021 (Yoy 16%), no.
The company ' s other business, which in 2020 had a revenue of $509 million, consisted mainly of intelligent applications such as smart cars, which had been upgraded to a first-level supplier for smart car front-loading services, but since the overall size was small, it was conservative to set the future income rate at 1%, or $525 million for the next two years.
Based on the foregoing analysis, we believe that short-term growth over the next two years is expected to reach $15 billion in sales of learning machines, and medium-term growth in the number of platform developers and arpu, in terms of Māori rates, the main factor in the reduction of Māori rates is the current period brought about by the concentration of hardware in the pre-contracts.
Cost increases and low Māori advertising for open platform dsp, according to Wind, the company ' s Māori rate in 2020, which, in our view, has increased R&D and financial costs at rates of cost, as business efficiency increases and market size expands, as corporate taxes and surcharges, sales rates, administration rates have all declined, and we believe that there has been an increase in R&D and financial cost rates.
Cost rates will continue the current trend in the future. Figure 61: Historical cost rates (%)
We find that the company Pe is at a historically low level, combining its own research views with those of the top 10 companies with the market value of Shin Wan transversal software. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to specific recommendations or views in this report. Any changes will occur. We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for reference purposes only, and the information or observations in the report do not constitute what is said.
Any investment decision made by an investor on the basis of an offer or bid for securities is not of interest to the company or to the author.