Sujiyama Witness Information (688041.sh) continued the upward trend in performance during the quarter, resulting in a significant increase in contractual liabilities
On 21 April, the company published a quarterly report for 2025, in which it realized a revenue of 2,400 million yuan in the first quarter of 2025, an increase of 50.76 per cent over the previous quarter; a net return to the mother of 506 million yuan over the same quarter, an increase of 75.33 per cent over the same period, and a net profit of $442 million over the same period, an increase of 62.63 per cent over the same period.
A high growth trend in performance continued during the quarter, with demand for orders contributing to a significant increase in contract liabilities. To the benefit of the high demand in the cpu and ai chip markets, corporate products were rapidly released in the first quarter of 2025 on the basis of their leading performance, driving higher yields.
This is due to a significant increase in the pre-receipt of newly signed contracts and the continued increase in the certainty of downstream demand; and, as at $1 billion, adequate stock holdings are expected to sustain the firm’s high growth trend over the next few quarters. 25 years, one quarter, with a scale effect, cost for the company’s period in the first quarter of 25 years is 6.54 percentage points lower than in the same period the previous year.
To promote a sustained increase in net interest rates, which reached 29.74 per cent in the first quarter of 25 years, the company is expected to benefit from the advanced product performance in the context of the accelerated replacement of cpu and ai chips, compared to the same period in the previous year. 1) In the area of cpu, on 11 April, the China Semiconductor Industry Association published a semiconductor industry association on half.
The notification of the rules for determining the origin of the carrier's product, which provides that the territory is the place of origin, will restrict the export of Chinese products from American-owned Idm manufacturers such as the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, and will, in turn, drive up the development of the national product cpu, which is currently the Cpu main product, Haigwang III, running the domestic market with a combined capacity of 86 children.
2) In the area of the ai chip, the company’s latest generation of dcu products is well advanced in number 3, and its performance is expected to be in the first echelon of the home-grown ai chip, with the advantage of a high degree of cozycuda ecology. As the US chip export control policy continues to tighten, the company produces dcud.
The company cpu and dcu are in the country's first echelons of product performance and ecology and are expected to continue \triangleright
Benefiting from a nationalized replacement of cpu and ai chips, adjusting pre-existing profit projections, predicting companies risk of higher concentration of customers, supply chain risk, risk of rising prices of major raw materials, new
This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not been, nor will I be, directly or indirectly compensated for the specific recommendations or opinions in this report. I promise not to take advantage of my identity, status or beliefs in the practice.
For the private gain of yourself or of others.