· Quarterly reports were over-expected, ai+Inventive Performance Accelerating Release: On April 21, the company released its performance report for the first quarter of 2025. During the reporting period, the company actually earned $2.4 billion in operating income, an increase of 50.76 per cent, and realized a net return of $506 million, a comparison.
(iii) Operating cash flows: operating net cash flows of 2,522 million yuan, corresponding to the same period last year - 68 million yuan; and (iv) cost control: spending for the period of 765 million yuan, an increase of 189 million yuan over the same period the previous year.
0.61 pct/-6.66 pct. We believe that the performance of the company during the quarter is over-expected, financial indicators are high, profits increase faster than the end of the harvest, sales return capacity is enhanced, operating cash flow is significantly improved, and net interest rate increases reflect increased capacity in corporate fee control.
Contract liabilities have increased significantly, and industry performance has continued to be validated. As of 31 March, corporate contracts have been locked in large advance orders, stock has been maintained at high levels, indicating that companies have been pre-positioned to order orders, responding companies are constantly making technological innovations and product performance improvements, widely accepted by downstream customers, and industries have been well-placed.
The company has successfully completed independent research and development and commercialization of multi-generational products for a wide range of industries such as telecommunications, finance, and the Internet.
The center and the big data processing, artificial intelligence, business computing, etc., have now completed the approximation of the deepseekv3/r1 and Janus-pro models. We believe that with the continued upgrading of the United States, the process of nationalization of the computing power is accelerated under the equivalent export controls of the high-end chips of China.
As a country's productive and productive leader, with an advantage in market position and competition, 25 years are expected to usher in a critical acceleration of one year, driven by a strong policy push, the super-permanent special national debt focus has accelerated the achievement of high-level technological self-reliance, a major opportunity for the replacement of the market with a party-input stock, and a firm's deep-seated confidence.
The water area has a clear card-point advantage, while the company's self-researching chip code 3 scale-up applications drive the growth in the size of high-sex, computer-capable lines of operation. Investment advice: the company is the lead nation-owned high-end processor, cpu and dcu chip technology.
In a position of domestic leadership, reciprocal tariffs and technology sanctions drive the growth of self-controlled demand for science and technology, and arithmetic and information-based innovation drive the growth of corporate performance, and companies are expected to continue to open up profit margins. Unexpected risks are not expected; downstream firms need less than expected; and industry competition increases risks.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
At its peak, the Beijing Post and Telecommunications University, with its Master of Electronics and Communications Engineering, and its Bachelor of Arts in Engineering, Jilin University. Two years of work experience in electronics, six years of experience in securities, were employed in the Ministry of Securities and Securities in China. Joined the China Galaxy Securities Institute in 2022 as head of the electronic team, mainly in hard-tech orientation studies.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the Galaxy securities at the date of their initial publication, which may be issued elsewhere than in the present report.