On June 10th, 2025, the Sealight Information Bulletin, The Exchange of Stock to Absorption of the Merge of Dawn Information Industry, was limited.
The Department has also raised funds and plans for associated transactions, which are planned to be strategically restructured through the transfer of shares to absorb mergers. We believe that this acquisition will help to enhance the ability of the sealight information to calculate the competitive advantage of the industry, enhance the potential for future growth in the computing industry, and give a “buy-in” rating.
Merger transactions enhance the competitive advantage of the sealight information arithmetic industry: the exchange price for sealight information is $14.36/share, and dissident stockholders take the request price and sell the shares back to the company before the price is set for sealight information. This purchase has helped to shift sealight information from a single chip business to a complete supply.
In the future, there is a need to work together to reduce the cost of the chain of production; thus, the positive impact of increasing the competitive advantage of the computing industry and increasing the space for subsequent development is being achieved.
▪ Maintenance of a high rate of growth in the quarter, with lower cost rates leading to higher net profits: in the first quarter of 2025, a market was calculated, strong R & D inputs were maintained, technological innovation, product performance was constantly enhanced, product competitiveness was kept ahead of the market and market demand was increasing, leading to rapid growth in corporate operating income.
In addition, the company ' s three major cost rates were 33.53 per cent, a 6.5 percentage point decrease over the same period last year, which led to an increase in the net interest rate of the public sector by almost 5 percentage points. By the end of the quarter, the company had advanced $1.620 billion, or 24 products.
Institutional investors as a proportion of the share in circulationa, “Intel” +ai-led cpu+dcu products, and factors such as trade conflicts are conducive to national productivity: Sealight
The main products are cpu+dcu, the Compatibility of the Sealight cpu Series X86 Directive Series, and the international mainstream operating systems and applications, software and hardware, eco-rich, high performance, safety and reliability, which have been widely applied in important industries or areas such as telecommunications, finance, the Internet, education, transport, etc.
The column products are based on the gpgpu architecture and are compatible with the generic "cuda" environment. In the context of the aigc era of rapid and continuous development, the sea light dcu is able to support full-precision model training and achieve the full array of large models represented by llama, gpt, bloom,chatgm, Consciousness, Ye Tung, etc.
So far we've made commercial sales of product two, and we've made progress in research and development of product three. Moreover, as a result of the Chinese-American trade problems, h20 supply to China will require a licence, Yvesta has already identified $5.5 billion in inventory, and the need for a home-grown computing chip is expected to accelerate. We believe that with the creation of the letter,
Industry warming, national production substitution and government returns are accelerating, and the company's cpu product sales are expected to pick up rapidly; In addition, under the influence of the continuous rise in the climate of the home-grown computing market, trade problems and h20 supply disturbances, the company, as a very scarce domestic dcu designer, is still experiencing commercial experiences.
There is room for upscaling, but the sales end will continue to benefit from high-growth domestic productivity demand downstream.
27 June 2025