The company issued a quarterly report, which generated 2.4 billion yuan in the first quarter of 2025, an increase of 50.8 per cent;
The net return to the mother was 506 million yuan, an increase of 75.3 per cent in the same year; the net profit after deduction was 442 million yuan, an increase of 62.6 per cent in the same year; the recovery was maintained at a high rate, and the fall in cost led to a rise in net profit: the firm maintained a strong R & D input around the generic and human-intelligent computing markets, and continued technological innovation and product performance.
As a result of upgrading, the competitiveness of products remains ahead of the market, and market demand continues to grow, leading to rapid growth in corporate operating income. In addition, the cost of companies q1 has been 33.53 per cent, a 6.5 percentage point decrease compared to the same period last year, leading to an almost 5 percentage point increase in net corporate interest rates.
The combined increase in advances, inventories, contractual liabilities and subsequent performance are assured: by the end of the first quarter, the company had advanced $1.620 billion, an increase of $380 million over the end of 24 years; the inventory of $5,794 million, a rapid increase over the end of 24 years, reflects the downward demand of the industry, and the company is actively preparing for production.
While the liabilities will provide a strong guarantee of subsequent performance, the likelihood of a much faster pace of national production in the future computing sector is expected, taking into account the effects of tariff disturbances and domestic supply fluctuations, etc., and that corporate follow-up performance will continue to be far more likely than expected.
"Intelligent +ai" drives cpu+dcu products, and the Chinese-American tariff battles, among other things, are conducive to national production: the main products of the sea light series are cpu+dcu, the sea light cpu series of products compatible with the X86 command set, and the main international flow operating systems and applications, hardware and software are ecologically rich, performance excellent, safe and secure.
A wide range of applications in important sectors or areas such as telecommunications, finance, the Internet, education, and transport. The spectra dcu series is based on the gpgpu structure, compatible with the common "cuda" environment, which supports full-precision model training in the context of aigc’s continuing rapid development.
The full application of the model of the share of the major institutional investors represented by llama, gpt, bloom, chhatglm, Gospel, and Yortung Tung has been achieved.
In addition, due to the Chinese-American tariff problem, h20 supply to China will require a licence, and Weida has planned $5.5 billion in inventory, and the demand for home-grown chips is expected to accelerate. We believe that corporate cpu products will be sold as the IT industry warms, national production substitutes, and government returns accelerate.
Rapid warming is expected; in addition to the continued rise in the state-led home economy market climate, tariff wars and h20 supply disturbances, companies, as very scarce domestic dcu designers, will continue to benefit from high downstream growth at the end of the market, although there is still room for upscaling in the current commercial experience.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong), Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose.