Hardware-Software-Ecology, in collaboration, builds a leading advantage - Sealight Information Event Review, 10 June 2025.
Prior to this transaction, the total equity of China was 1,463,203,784 shares, and the amount of light information involved in the exchange totals 808,371,470 shares.
During this exchange of shares, the amount of the transaction for which the sealight information is intended to purchase the assets is the exchange of the shares and the sum of the transaction amount (the amount of the transaction = the price exchange of the centre of the centre of science and light × the total of the central of science and light prices) will cease to be marketed for the absorbed merging party; the sealight information, as a depository company, remains unmanageable.
Man, the largest shareholder held 10.12% of the stock after the transaction was completed, and Chinese sources directly held sealight, “hardware-software-ecological” in synergy development, and “strength chain-refilling chain stretching” increased the resilience of the industrial chain.
In the last year, stocks have been compared to depths of 300: China’s history of high-end computing, storage, security, data centre infrastructure, etc., has had deep technical sedimentation and leading technical advantages. Both sides are willing to extend through the “strength-fixing” chain.
After this transaction is completed, the parties will base the trade on a high-end sealight information processor, based on the integrity of China’s middle light.
System capabilities and arithmetic applications that achieve integrated production from chips to mainframe and software applications The industry chain layout that takes advantage of integration and creates a competitive advantage in leading technologies.
Together, the assets of the surviving companies are expected to increase significantly in size and ability to operate; on the other hand, this turn-off will also help two companies that are in the upper and lower industrial chains to reduce duplication of resources, reduce management costs, improve the quality of their operations and increase shareholder returns.
“The Sea of Cy” - 21 February 2025 Capital Market Policy Directions to Enhance Core Competitiveness and Investment Values of Surviving Companies.
Against the backdrop of increasing size, increasing arithmetic technology and increasing risk of arithmetic supply, and under the active guidance of national market policies, the merger of two companies by capital market forces will significantly enhance the core competitiveness and investment value of the remaining companies.
We believe that sealight information is a leading company in the production of advanced microprocessors and that it will continue to benefit in the future from the effects of the replacement of national production and the surge in the demand for smart money, which have led to sustained growth in performance. Companies are expected to compete more in the industry, with a higher than expected reduction in the Māori rate; risks to international trade; and price volatility of raw materials.
In addition, any part of the author’s remuneration is not directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
The company is qualified as a securities investment consulting business.