Sealight information: high performance growth in 2024, with geophysical influence, cpu national production as an alternative to enhanced national information security; investment rating: buy-in (maintain)
• Events: annual report 2024 on the publication of Sealight Information 9.162 billion yuan in operating income for the company in 2024, an increase of 52.40 per cent over the same period in the previous year; deductions for operating income, net profits attributable to shareholders of listed companies and shareholders of listed companies
Net profits from non-recurrent gains and losses increased faster than the same period, mainly during the reporting period, when companies surrounded the generic computing market, sustained high levels of R & D inputs, continued technological innovation, improved product performance, wider user recognition, and further expanded the application of products,
The rise in the share of domestic production markets relative to the trend of 300 deep corporate prices has contributed to significant growth in corporate performance. • Sustained investment in research and development to enhance the competitiveness of corporate markets
Business income increases more than R & D inputs, R & D inputs as a proportion of business income
The market applications for sealight cpu products were further developed and market shares gradually increased during the reporting period, supporting a wide range of data centres, cloud computing, high-end computing, etc. Complex applications: sealight dcu products with high arithmetic, high parallel processing capacity, good software
Ecology supports industry applications such as arithmetic infrastructure, commercial computing, etc. The Sealight cpu and Sea Light dcu series of products broadly supports industry building data centres and numeracy platforms, facilitating deep integration of smart computing with numerical values.
• Building an autonomous and manageable industrial chain, the essence of which is a technological war, which, according to the popular view of the Internet, is essentially an extension of the hegemonic logic of “United States preference.” The “trade deficit” is no more than a pretext, the fundamental aim of which is to curb China’s development.
To be strong, to speed up STI self-reliance, to transform external pressure into a transformative drive, to break through the “cricket” technologies, to build autonomous and manageable industrial chains, and not to be subject to human constraints. In a sense, the essence of tariff wars is technological warfare.
On this basis, in the semiconductor area, on 11 April, the China Semiconductor Industry Association issued a Circular on the Rules for the Determination of the “origin” of semiconductor products, stating that “in accordance with the relevant provisions of the Non-Preferential Rules of Origin, the origin of the `integrated circuits' is determined in accordance with the principle of changing the four-tier tax rule, i.e., the stream.
Sealight Information: National Production Arithmetic Lead Enterprise, identified as origin.” China Semiconductor Industry Association suggested that “the `integrated circuits' be enclosed and cpu+dcu double-wheel drive (20240820)
Unenclosed, the origin of the import declaration was declared on the basis of the location of the “Crystal Stream Factory”.” This was further strengthened in January by the recent announcement by the Chinese Department of Commerce of a countervailing investigation of the mature United States chip.
The industry, represented by the United States of America, such as Intel, is the core company of national production. • The country’s cpu market is wide-ranging, and either “introduction” or “autonomous” is appropriate to the country’s circumstances.
In order to overcome the problem of the cpu technology, which has long been a hostage to human necks, we have developed two patterns of cpu design and introduction, through the 863 program and major nuclear high-level support. The cpu manufacturers that are now being introduced and improved are being mainstreamed, such as the X86 mounds, the crowds, the crowds, the crowds, the crowds, the crowds, the crowds.
Sealight, the arm's flying, the tidal, the alpha's Shinway, the Powerpc's grand core, is now entirely self-owned and industrialized, with only the loongarch of the middle cologne.
• Sealight has a triple advantage, including ecological advantages, performance advantages, safety, ecological advantages, and the company's general acceptance by the domestic mainstream servers, including wave surges, China Sunlight, conjecture, Xinhua San, Qinghua, Pod, etc., forming the largest national product.
In terms of performance advantages, the main stream of products released by the company and the intel during the same period is comparable in actual tests. In terms of safety advantages, the sea light has a source of energy.
Codes, built-in safety processors, support credible calculations. Full-scale security protection, nationalization, and ownership solves subjective back-door problems and technologically significantly enhances security defense capabilities.
The rack and financial analysis systems are mature, good at analysing investment opportunities from a buyer’s perspective, and are fully responsible for team electronic industry research. Using information on legal compliance, this report is produced independently and objectively, and the data and information used in this report are from open market information, to which I refer.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.