High performance growth, with a significant increase in the contract liability ring, reflecting a strong demand profile, a significant increase in the contract liability ring, or a continuation of the high demand profile.
The company maintains strong R & D inputs around the generic computing and artificial intelligence market, constantly achieving technology innovation, product performance enhancement, product competitiveness leading the market, increasing market demand, driving the company to billions of yuan, a significant improvement over the same period last year - 0.68 million yuan, mainly as a result of the growth in corporate revenue, which has led to sales back.
This increase is the result of a larger increase in the value of pre-receipts contracted. (2) By the first quarter of 2025, the public share of $903 million had increased significantly, indicating a stronger demand profile for the company.
The service provider has built a wide variety of products around different types of market demand, covering generic server racks, artificial intelligence servers, etc. Upgraded to the ecological partner's Star and Sea Plan around the sealight technology route, fully supporting upstream and downstream partners in accelerating the development and response of the platform around the sea light through a full range of resource inputs.
By the end of 2024, innovative forces such as 5,000 enterprises, universities, research institutes, industry users, etc., in the joint industrial chain of companies, carried out nearly 10,000 collaborative research and development projects to optimize software and hardware, and worked together to build thousands of joint solutions to promote the ecological health of the sea light machine.
2) Continued focus on R & D and technology retention of leadership: Sealight dcu has full accuracy support, including double accuracy, single accuracy, semi-precision, orthopaedics, etc., providing arithmetic for scientific computing, artificial intelligence computing, full-scale support for in-depth learning training, reasoning scenes, and large model scenes. Sealight dcu has autonomous R & D.
Dtk is one of the most complete ecosystems in the country today, which greatly reduces the difficulty of moving applications.In the application landscape, the sealight dcu is deployed mainly in server clusters or data centres, and has a well-developed hardware-driven platform that adapts to different api interfaces and compilers, and supports the common functions library.
Sealight Information (688041.sh) is reported in 2024: completes a full fit with a number of head Internet manufacturers in the country. Based on the x86 framework of instructions, the category cuda calculates that performance meets expectations, and national production is expected to accelerate growth -
Environmental, international advanced processor design technology and industry chain upstream and downstream demand, and companies are doing a great deal of research and development and are optimizing their high-end processors. As of 31 December 2024, company research and development technicians
2. Sealight Information (688041.sh) forecasted performance in 2024 for a total of 2,157 persons, or 90.18 per cent of them, comprising 1674 persons with master ' s degrees and above, and an excellent team of people who have ensured technological leadership.
3. Sealight Information (688041.sh) Incident Review: Country Investment Proposal: The Corporation is the lead in the field of chips in the country, the cpu business remains fast-growing, the dcu production poles are deep-ploughing technology, the i-era value holds.
The business itself is growing in strength and is expected to open up new growth space for the company. The company is expected to report in 25/26/27: high-end processor development progresses well and performance is bright
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.