On May 25th, Sealight announced a stop announcement, which is being planned for the company's passage to Central China.
The stock exchange of the stock exchange of the stock exchange of the stock exchange of the stock exchange of the stock exchange of the stock exchange of the stock exchange of the stock exchange of the stock exchange of the consolidated share of the Central Circumcision and the distribution of the share of the share of the share of the share of the capital is complementary and mutually reinforcing.
The company focused on core chip designs such as the national product cpu, dcu, and launched the first cpu Sealight I in 2018 and achieved mass production. In 2024, the company ranked first in the national server cpu, with 53.6%.
The company was founded in March 2006 as a listed company under the Chinese Academy of Statistics (CIAC) and placed on the market in November 2014. The company’s main business, high-end computing machines, storage and cloud computing, provides innovative, efficient and reliable IT products, solutions and services.
The integration of light with sealight information will optimize the industrial layout of the system, from chips to software, bringing together high-quality resources from the information industry up and down the chain, making full use of the leading role of the leading enterprise, leading the industrial chain “strength-chain-relaying”, looking for the path of the leading growth, and British Weidelda's purchasing the short-board of the ai.
There are short panels, which have been made up by the M&A of Mellanox, which has made it possible to provide a more comprehensive and sophisticated end-to-end solution for data centres and high-performance computing. Especially on dpu, the breakthrough came from the acquisition of Mallos' hardware and the creation of a bluefield system.
The two columns of dpu-bluefield-2dpu and bluefield-2xdpu can accelerate critical numbers, according to the Centre's security, network and storage tasks. Sealight absorbs the center's security, network and storage tasks, and its system integration capacity will enhance the technological and application synergies between high-end chips of sealight information and computing systems and further promote the development of national production chips.
The deal is for the exchange of shares to absorb the merger, and the shares of China Light and China Sunlight a began to be closed on Monday, 26 May.
This reorganization involves a larger number of matters and a more complex process, with no more than 10 trading days expected to be closed under the Shanghai Stock Exchange regulations. In terms of performance, China Light achieved business income in 2024, China Light achieved business income of $13,148 million in 2024, a decrease of 8.4 per cent, and the mother ' s net profit was reduced by 8.4 per cent.
1. Sealight Information (688041.sh) In-depth report: Arithmetic; Investment Recommendations: We value the high performance and compatibility of the products resulting from the company ' s continued investment at the research and development end; Assessment: high performance growth, significant increase in the contractual liability ring
Performance meets expectations and national production is expected to accelerate growth - 4. Sealight Information (688041.sh) 2024 performance forecast 5. Sealight Information (688041.sh) company incident rating: country
• Research findings based on methodological and analytical logic, independent and objective presentation of the present report and accountability for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects research undertaken by researchers
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.