The Southwest Securities Institute realized a net return profit of 510 million yuan, or 75.3 per cent, of which the non-net profit of 440 million yuan, or 62.6 per cent, was deducted.
• Sustained increases in R&D costs and significant improvements in operating cash flows. Companies maintained high levels of R&D inputs around computers and the i market in 2025, increasing the competitiveness of their products and sustaining their profitability.
Of this amount, the R & D costs of 2025q1 were $760 million, compared to +16.3 per cent, the receipts amounted to 31.8 per cent, compared to 31.8 per cent, and the corporate cash flows improved significantly, with a net operating cash flow of $2.52 billion in q1 in 2025, cpu, dcu, two-wheel drive, and national production replacements in real time. The company ' s cpu series of products were compatible x 86 directives
It is based on the gpgpu structure and is widely used in large data processing, artificial intelligence, commercial computing.
The local announcement of April 15th, 2025, that h20 and related standard chip exports to China require a license means that the US further enforces the restrictions on the gpu chip, the sea light message, or the industrial dividend of replacing the gpu chip in the beneficiary country.
Sealight Information (688041): Performance continues to increase and dcu is expected (2024-08-20) series dcu is merged to the "high end processor".
Assumption 1: With the opening and deepening of the IT industry, the procurement of domestic servers in key areas such as finance, telecommunications, etc. has entered a rapid upscaling phase, the company server cpu's new product has a strong market position and is expected to maintain a high-speed release. Assumption 2: With the rising demand for arithmetic, the build-up of Euro-American exports of high-end gpu to the country, the company dcu products
Based on the assumption that the average unit price of a company's products is expected to increase continuously with the roll-out of a new generation of cpu and dcu products, the cost of the company's sub-operational income for 2025-2027 is projected as follows:
No compensation of any kind has been, will not be, and will not be, obtained, directly or indirectly, as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.