Arithmetic “two-chain integration”, Reconstructing Eco-Sealight Information Event Review, 25 May 2025, Sealight Information Bulletin revealed that the company was planning to absorb the merger.
Liu Kyung-soo Sealight Information: Domestic cpu/gpu tap, double-wheel drive, full power. 1) cpu: Company
cpu products, based on excellent performances, x86 well-structured system compatibility, have been used on a large scale in such industries and fields as telecommunications, finance, the Internet, graphic image processing, etc.) gpu: the performance of HYD-2 has doubled compared to HD1, fp16, fp32, etc.)
fp64 has 49 tflops, 23 tflops, 10.2 tflops.
The expansion of digital infrastructure areas such as storage, security, data centres, cloud computing, smart computing, etc. for unlimited sale of a unit/total equity, and the formation of a core cloud-based industrial chain layout, which has shifted from a simple server manufacturer to a solution.
Program suppliers. At the same time, companies hold or participate in the core of the industry leadership in i+ applications, such as the Chinese Xingsingi, the Chinese Xianxian, the Chinese Qing, the Chinese Xiangxing, and the Chinese Xianxian weather.
The combination of cpu, dcu, the brain, the server, storage, the hpc system and even the solution of liquid cold technology and cloud computing are "torso" and "ecology."
The ability to integrate vertically with services has been strengthened to scale up the use of products in key sectors such as government, finance, communications, energy, etc. The scale effect increases profits and enhances the competitiveness of firms.
At the same time, the merged new entity may be the international giant (e.g., the vertical model of Intel+Dale), the valuation system will be upgraded, together with an average of 60 times the price premium of 35 times the price of the main plate, and there will be a natural "leveraging effect."
So it's very likely that the new entity will become a giant capital market, driving competition in the reshaping of the arithmetic market, a national strategic demand for services, and a tight grip on the opportunities of the ai industry. This sealight information captures the combined arithmetic, and the middle-class dawn trade has also announced the accelerated consolidation of Chinese science assets, responding to the country's efforts to build high-quality technology.
At the same time, both companies state that the merger was intended to seize new opportunities for the development of the information industry, represented by the one. At present, the large modeling landscape still requires a great deal of effort, especially as the one application lands.
We believe that sealight information is a leading company in the production of advanced microprocessors and that it will continue to benefit in the future from the effects of the replacement of national production and the surge in the demand for smart money, which have led to sustained growth in performance. Companies are expected to compete more in the industry, with a higher than expected reduction in the Māori rate; risks to international trade; and price volatility of raw materials.
In addition, any part of the author’s remuneration is not directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
The company is qualified as a securities investment consulting business.