Researchchand developmentcenter is a global leader in full-screen power, and the consumer of electronics is back.
– China Communications (000063) Value Discovery series Deep 2 (Consumed Electronics)
Deep ict technological accumulation and the strong manufacturing capacity of the riparian plant are the basis for the company’s development of consumer business, and communication (00000063). Over the last 11 years, corporate R&D investment has led to a core technological upgrading: cut-off
By March 2021, China Communications had 80,000 global patent applications, and over 38,000 cumulative global patents over the years. Of these, chip patents applied for 4270, authorizing more than 1,800.
Construction of the 5g concept, construction of a 5g full-to-digital plant with a reduction of 80 per cent in the quality detection rate, a 37 per cent reduction in critical processes, a 27 per cent reduction in operators, a 20 per cent increase in turnover efficiency, a mere seven months since March 2020 and a total output value of over 30 billion in 2020
In the first half of 2021, the head of the domestic mobile phone market was relaxed and the share of other cellular plants increased.
The 5g mobile phone market is growing faster, and the company is fast-paced. A few mobile phone factories have increased their share to provide the company with the ground to develop cellular business, with the top five head players growing by 30-50% over the year in the first half of 2021.
High flag-ship-driven, high-end flag-ship unit costs, including middle-end positioning ($3,000-8000), which the market has always thought was unprofitable, with no prospects for development, and we think there is a large gap in expectations. There will be no significant cost added to the dynamic development of mobile phone business: (1) middle-end mobile phones can be reused.
The share of the share in circulation a (%) does not have much of the additional marginal cost of R & D; (2) part of the capacity can be reused with the 5g base station, which can increase the overall capacity utilization of the company.
The full screen phone achieved three global firsts: (1) the area under the screen has a high pixel density of 400ppi, which is the first high-pixel cell phone in the world: (2) the product passed through Chiang Ying.
German Rhinetuv, Swiss sgs, U.S.U., certified as a global first product with three major powers of eye protection; (3) regular displays and screen displays with 120hz screen number: s50052100002
The screen-blowing rate is the world's first 120-hz refresher mobile phone. Three major brands have been consolidated, part of the online marketing breakthroughs have been made, and the underlying layout will be completed during the year of the offline channel: (1) three brands have been completed for a single game, Nubia, Red Demon, and the rest of the world.
The popular star Liu Ho spoke, focusing on youth and technology: (2) online combinations, over 3,000 channels have been set up in the first half of the year, 5,000+ channels are planned for the year, and the first 5g underline experience hall is expected to be officially opened in the third quarter; (3) the latest mobile phone appointments for Red Game were released in March
Intense Communications Report: A full setup, once over 1.5 million, was called "hardware hanger" by the player.
Profit forecasting and investment rating: The company is the leading global provider of the ict solution, and the company will benefit fully from the 5g capital as the lead equipment provider, while research and development is strong, and we appreciate that the firm’s strong technology R & D power will continue to realize its value in new applications.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
Risk factors: 5g built less than expected: smartphone channels built less than expected: Central American trade, deep ict technological accumulation and strong manufacturing capacity in the riparian plant are the basis for companies to develop consumer business. Over $12 billion in R&D over the past 11 years has led to a core technological upgrading: by March 2021, China’s communications had a total of 80,000 items.
A global cumulative patent application for the ball, over 38,000 patents over the years, includes 4270 chips patent applications, over 1,800, and an estimated RMB 4.5-60 billion in revenues from intellectual property over the five-year period 2021-2025. “5g manufacturing 5g” is on the line, leading the manufacturing capacity industry: building 5g in full, in line with the concept of “making 5g with 5g”
Connecting digital plants, with a reduction of 80 per cent in quality detection, 37 per cent in critical processes, 27 per cent in operators, 20 per cent in turnover efficiency, official production in more than seven months since March 2020, total output in 2020 of over $30 billion, production of 5 g stations per minute at 5g in Nanjing, and production of new smart hands
In the first half of 2021, the headlines of the domestic mobile phone market eased, while the share of other mobile phones plants rose, while the 5g mobile phone market grew faster, and the company was fast-paced. The share of a small number of mobile phone factories increased to provide the company with the ground for developing mobile phone business, and in the first half of 2021, the share of the top five head players fell from 95% in 2020 to 82%, with the company focus.
5g mobile phones, January-June 2021, with a volume of 5g mobile phones coming out of the domestic market of 128 million, an increase of 100.9 per cent over the same period, representing 73.4 per cent of the volume, and 5g mobile phones are expected to be new drivers of growth. The company expects mobile phones to arrive throughout the year 2021, including axon and Nubian mobile phones at the upper end of the location ($3,000-8,000 for sale), and red cell phones, as well as positioning entry points.
The market has always thought that middle-market mobile phones are unprofitable and have no prospects for development, and we believe that there is a large gap in expectations. There is no significant increase in the cost of cellular operations: (1) middle-market mobile phones can re-use 5g of R & D costs, and not much of the additional marginal costs; (2)
Some capacity can be reused with a 5g base station, which can increase the overall capacity of the company. Mobile technology innovation is already leading the industry, and the latest full screen phone has achieved three global firsts: (1) the region has reached a high pixel density of 400ppi, which is also the first high-pixel cell phone in the world; (2) the product has passed the German Rhine Tuv, Switzerland sgs, and the United States.
Country ul certified as a product of Global 1 with three major authoritative eye-guard certifications at the same time; (3) the regular display area and the display area display a 120-hz screen update rate, which is the first 120hz global update of a mobile phone. The three brands have been integrated, part of the online marketing has broken, and the base layout will be completed during the year of the offline channel: (1) a unified game has been completed
Central Hing, Nubian, Red Star Liu's name is written by the popular star Liu Ho, who plays youth and technology; (2) the top line is combined with over 3,000 channels built in the first half of the year, 5,000 + channels are planned for the year, and it is expected that the 5g under the first three quarters will be officially opened: (3) the latest Red Man's mobile phone appointment will be released in March.
More than 1.5 million, called “hardware hangers” by players. First, “ict technology plus production intelligence” is powerful, empowering consumers to consume electronic growth. The basis for the development of consumer electronics in communications can be summarized in six words: “good technology, good production”: 1) from technology.
At the same time, China has a strong accumulation of ict technologies, with companies investing over $12 billion in research and development over the past 11 years bringing to the centre the productive capacity: the Bandang’s global 5g smart manufacturing base has the capability of leading the industry, with an annual gross output of more than $30 billion, and the 5g production base in Nanjing produces five 5g stations per minute, each producing new intelligence.
In addition to the 5g telecommunications area, the central communications sector has a lot of depth in databases, operating systems, chips, wireless transmissions, and cloud computing.
Each year, the ability to provide a wide range of industry solutions has acquired a number of core technological strengths in hardware and software. The company’s technical strength is expected to fully empower its consumer business, building consumer electronic ecology at the same time as improving hardware compatibility and at the software level.
The company's emphasis on technology accumulation has steadily increased for the rest of the year, except for the negative impact of United States sanctions in 2018, where R & D costs amounted to $14.797 billion in 2020 and R & D costs amounted to 14.6%, exceeding the highest level of research and development personnel until 2018.
The ratio of R & D personnel has gradually increased. The company is the major contributor and participant in 5g technology, and by the end of 2020 it had more than 1,800 authorized chip patents, both in terms of number and quality of patents, in the first set of global patent placements.
The market does not think that middle-market mobile phones are profitable, and we think that expectations are far worse. From the [cost end], middle-market mobile research and development can replicate 5g of research and development, with no significant additional marginal costs, and some of the production capacity can be reused with 5g base stations.
At a lower level, the capitalization of R & D for cellular products is much lower than the spending on R & D in China as a whole, with capitalization spending on mobile phones in 2020 amounting to only $77.49 million.E & D in China is powerful, with a 5g base station-related chip research and development capability, and 5g research and development capacity is interoperable and public.
The Division’s understanding of the 5g cell phone chip is deeper than that of other peers. China’s e-Registry was established in 2003 and, after more than 10 years of development, China’s e-Registry has a high level of ip design capability, soc architecture design capability, and low-capacity design.
Design company number five, currently announced that the company ' s 7nm chip has been commercialized in the company ' s 5g-scale deployment. Figure 5: ISP + chip business collection (billions) Figure 6: ISP + chip business profitability (billions)
China-Hingjiang has a leading manufacturing capability in the world’s 5g smart manufacturing base, which provides a strong manufacturing capacity for the production of Chinese mobile phones for more than a month, with a total production value of more than $30 billion in 2020. The Bandang 5g smart manufacturing base aims to build a 5g full-connection typing plant, with a digitalization technology that completes the links between R & D, planning, procurement, production, logistics, and transport.
Digital management shut-downs have been created, driving plant production, operation, and management intelligent upgrading. From a client ' s point of view, orders are visible; from a factory production point of view, they have been upgraded to automation and humanization; from a production management point of view, they have been upgraded online, online and intelligent; and from a logistics point of view, they have been controlled in a push-and-pull manner, aau single-board stock having fallen to about eight hours.
The Bandjiang 5g Global Smart Manufacturing Base builds a “digital brain” that allows factories to think about themselves, by defining the ground for disaggregating the scenes, gradually advancing the digitalization of the mind, making use of techniques such as sensorization, object networking, 5g networks, margin computing, big dataai, machine vision, etc., to upgrade the part of the brain, smart manufacturing, intelligent logistics, intelligent parks, etc.
Efficient, high-quality product manufacturing, and different digital bins for plant production and park management, have been designed to make production more transparent and more intelligent. The Bandang 5g global smart manufacturing base is highly intelligent and process automated, while increasing production stability.
Flexible production, effective detection of bad products, strict control of poor rates have reduced production by 53 per cent, assembly quality and detection rates by about 80 per cent; the mechanics of the production line have chosen the best path using aco algorithms, increasing production efficiency to 150 per cent and producing a smart phone for less than one second.
We believe that China-China communications is the best time to set up cellular services, and that the company has the opportunity, from the end of the market to the cost end, to the level of technology, to marketing, to develop the opportunities of “the day-to-day benefits”:
(1) Markets offer opportunities: the head of the domestic market was relaxed in the first half of 2021, the share of the top five head players in the market fell from 95 per cent in 2020 to 82 per cent, while the share of other mobile phone factories increased to provide the company with the ground for developing mobile phone operations; while the 5g mobile phone market grew faster, providing the company with the best track for developing mobile phones, and the domestic market 5g in the first half of 2021
(b) Mobile phone shipments of 128 million, representing an increase of 100.9 per cent over the same period, 73.4 per cent of the total volume of goods delivered during the same period, with the company focusing on 5g mobile phones, _ (2) low costs of developing mobile phone operations: medium-sized mobile phones can be reused 5g for R & D costs, with no significant additional marginal costs; part of the output can be reused with 5g base stations, which can increase the overall capacity utilization of the company;
(3) The level of mobile technology has been proven: mobile technology innovation has taken the lead in the industry, with the most recent full screen mobiles achieving three global firsts: 1) high pixel density in the 400-ppi area, which is also a global 400-pp-high-pixel mobile phone; 2) the product has been certified by the German Rhinetuv, Swiss sgs, U.S. ul, and the global first has been certified at the same time
Products certified with three major authoritative eye protections; 3) 120hz screen refresher rate in the regular display area and on the screen, which is the first 120hz global refresher rate on the screen; (4) marketing has been successful: three brands have been consolidated, some of them have made a breakthrough in marketing on the machine line, and the line canals are down.
The basic layout will be completed during the course of the year: 1) the unified game has been completed; Nubia; Red has three major brands, popular star Liu Ho's voice, which focuses on youth and technology; 2) the first six months have been combined with over 3,000 channels, 5,000+ channels are planned for the year, and it is expected that the first 5g under the three quarters will be officially opened; 3) March
The release of the most recent Red Cross mobile phone bookings, once over 1.5 million, has been called "hardware hang-up" by players. (i) The 1+2+n strategy leads to the new consumer electronic development 1+2+n strategy to reshape the consumer electronic product development curve. "1+2+n" product layout refers to mobile phone products.
At the core, a comprehensive layout n of life-related products, such as smart wears, around the two directions of personal data and household data, provides young users with a 5g-wide, seamless and intelligent way of life. At the same time, the company produces a multiplicity of mobile phone products, and produces personal data products, such as smart watches, blue earpieces, blue toothboxes, home routers, cameras, etc.
The company is expected to find a new business growth point through the active distribution of electronics, and to continue to raise overall profitability. Sino-Engine mobile phones have a deep history, as well as a home-grown home-grown mobile-phone manufacturer with deep technological accumulation and commercial default: 1) In 1998, the Ministry of Cellular Products was established and moved into the mobile-phone market, and in 1999, the first self-research was successfully launched.
The Chinese-only double-frequency gsm mobile phone zte189 has been issued, and has been keen to capture the market opportunities for small minds; in 2001, Mid-Sing sold more than 11 million mobile phones, accounting for the first share of the domestic market for cdma mobile phones; (2) bulk purchases under the banner of the world's largest 3g operator and under the banner of the Yellowjack Group and yellow 3g in mid-2005.
Wcdma mobile phone; global first double-model commercial mobile phone u350 released in mid-2006; first-class terminal suppliers vodafone, telefonica, telstra, which for the second year in a row is the world ' s first in a row; marketed in mid-2010, zteblade 880 was first successful in overseas markets and achieved domestically
(b) The launch in mid-2012 of the country ' s first 4-glte mobile phone, Grandxlte, and the launch in 2014 of the first 4g mobile phone, ztegrands, second generation; and in 2014 the President of the country, Xi Jinping, donated Naking Grandsii as an official gift
Participants at the Shanghai summit in Dushanbe; mid-2015 launch of the world's first handheld with eyeprint recognition and unlocking capabilities; October launch of axonmini, the first mobile phone skylight on a pressure-touch screen; official launch in July 2020, a global first-ever model with a full-screen camera technology; 27 July 2021
In 2018, the United States announced sanctions on China’s communications, and then turned back on it.
In the case of mobile phones, on the one hand, there is a sharp drop in the amount of money that mobile phones have lost to the best sales, on the other hand, and on the other hand, there is a slowdown in the development, manufacturing and marketing of mobile phones, which has been negatively affected by sanctions in the United States, with companies shifting their strategic focus to core blocks such as 5g, and a sharp drop in mobile phone receipts and net profits.
With the improvement of the company’s external environment and business situation, China’s communications have made significant adjustments to its mobile business, re-engineer mobile phones have been re-established in a number of areas, including management, distribution channels, product matrices, and brand image. Moreover, China’s communications has excellent talent-building mechanisms, with emphasis on building a multi-layered and integrated talent ladder, and high quality within the company.
Quality management has a lot of talent for domestic cellular businesses, and the Vice-President and President of Mi Group's mobile phone department has learned to be loyal to the former Vice-President of China Communications, Naking's mobile phone ceo, the Chairman of Thai Technology, Zhang Qing, has been employed in China's mobile phone, the Ministry of Industry, and the Vice-President of Thai Technology, Shaw, has been a former Chinese communications sales manager. The future will be accompanied by the company's 1+2+n strategy.
China’s mobile phone is expected to open up growth space for the company’s consumer business as a whole, leading to growth in corporate performance. By re-establishing the centrality of consumer business, the CEO of China’s communications will improve the overall competitiveness of consumer business in the market, and is expected to return to the same level.
Development, procurement, production, sales, and delivery processes, and independent financial accounting. At the June 2021 Mid-Enging 2020 Shareholders ' Conference, the Chinese Communications President, Seo Ziyang, reaffirmed the importance of terminal operations as part of a complete end-to-end solution, and end-of-business was one of the central directions underpinning the company’s future business growth.
Consumer business is positioned as an important strategic direction for future development, actively using the terminal as an important vehicle for public visibility and improving business coverage. At the same time, the company seeks to re-establish the core competitiveness of its consumer business, which is dominated by mobile phones, with a completely new layout of consumer business in terms of its internal structure, modes of production, and marketing:
I've been leading a team to develop stars like X760, X500 musical smartphones, and I've achieved impressive performance in both the domestic and the European and American markets. In 2012, Ning was a co-founder of Nubian smartphones, leading Nubian smartphones.
Mobile phones have been launched in a series of machines, such as z5, z9, z11, and z17, and have successfully built a red-mortgic video game for game players, leading Nubian mobile phones to grow rapidly. After flying in 2020 as Managing Director of the Mid-Hing terminal, Neng Fei has argued to bring Chinese mobile phones back to public view within three years and to enter a brand line within five years.
2) In 2012, Nubia was established as a mobile brand under the central flag, selling 10.1% of Nubia shares in middle 2017, with shares falling from 60% to 49.9%, and in 2021, the share in Nubia was repurchased from 49.9% to 78.33% in mid-2021.
By repurchaseing Nubia, the central cell phone will be a single game player, Nubia and Red Demon brands, with a series of axon, s, blade, long voyages, Nubian and Red Devils, which will increase the visibility of brand-to-brand interaction, drive full-blown growth, and promise to reach a wider client group, working together through multiple channels.
There are four series of axon, blade, s and excursions: (1) the axon series, as the flagship series, with a high-end model, the core of the neutron cell phone, all carrying the thong chip series.
A good camera performance and a fashion-beautiful model, primarily oriented towards young people and business people with greater consumer capacity; (2) s and blade series: cover medium-end and low-end types, respectively, s and blade series are medium/low-end types, typically mounted with cylindrical or violet sharpphone chips, high-end aircraft mounted with cylindrical chips, ss/blade
The series is evenly balanced in terms of photography, memory and cell screens, mainly in terms of pursuing value for money and utility. Nubians are located in groups of users that focus on video technology or game experience. Red is a special game phone brand, built for groups with higher game experience, which further enriches the type of cellular products under the Chinese flag.
(ii) New opportunities arise from the unwinding of the domestic headlines of mobile phones, with 5g mobile phones in focus, the unwinding of the headlines of the domestic smartphone market, with industry first-tier players facing a reshuffling of cards, giving China a new opportunity for mobile phones. With the combined adverse effects of China-United States trade restrictions and the global epidemic, communications technologies are being upgraded from 4g to 5g.
The Chinese market has cut from five to three, and the market share of the smartphone market has dropped from 95 per cent to 82 per cent; on the other hand, China lacks high-end cellular chips in the context of United States sanctions, and the cellular production chain has suffered a certain shock, giving way to a larger market share in the short term and stealing a smartphone market belt for non-head players.
In the case of mobile phones, the larger context of the dynamic growth of the 5g infrastructure has significantly boosted hundreds of millions of units, an increase of 100.9 per cent over the same period, and the share of smartphones has also increased from 354 per cent in 2019 to 2021h1.
As the country's leading manufacturer of 5g end-to-end equipment, it actively explores actual landing scenarios for 5g applications, builds a more agile cloud network integration service to adapt to the "fragmentation" features of the 5g industry and maintains it in a variety of areas such as cloud, end, connection, data security.
Continue to study in depth and actively explore various applications with excellent 5g products/programmes for research, development and manufacturing. Mid-Engine mobile phones have a full range of product layouts, from low-end to high-end flagships, with a focus on 5g. Middle-Engine mobile phones have a 5g stream of mobile phones, and have a continuous and active roll-out of a new 5g smartphone, with their own 5g technological advantage, from generation to generation.
Improve the 5g mobile phone, making the middle 5g one of the top 5g mobile phones in the current market. In the future, the middleline mobile phone has the hope of breaking through the 5g model, increasing the influence and market power of the middle-market mobile phone brand, rapidly taking advantage of the smartphone market, and quickly joining the top ranks of the national smartphone industry.
(iii) Mobile technology has been proven, full screen technology has emerged as a global leader in deep-farming communications, and product design is more innovative than industry. As a leading telecommunications business, China has launched folded smartphones and made bold innovations in their appearance.
In September of 2019, the full screen was set up as a smartphone, and the global front screen camera, axon20. In July 2021, the center screen was upgraded to axon30, which became the lead sheep for the full screen product.
In addition, axon30 has a high pixel density of 400 pp, which is the first high-pixage cell phone in the world.
The installation of a X-ray 870 processor, with a 120-hz high brush rate and a 4200-mah battery, is expected to create a cash machine that will bring new growth points to the consumer’s business plate while increasing the visibility of the middle-rise mobile phone. Central Xon30 is significantly improved over axon20, with a complete increase in camera technology under the screen.
In order to achieve a good balance between reality and transparency, axon30 has adopted the first 400-pp of high-pixi-density screen mobile phones worldwide, with better performance; and axon30 on the chip.
The udcpro screen chip allows for a more accurate and consistent overall screen drive of the screen; in addition, the multi-drive circuit layout has increased overall efficiency by 50 per cent, improved the natural saturation of the photographing area with the conventional display area, and introduced 7 layers of head and 3 layers of special material, and increased screen optics.
2.4 μm large pixels with a pre-record and an enhanced lens of 2.0. Axon30 selected a large-size pre-record pixels, with a 4-fold sense area of axon20, capable of achieving 2.4 μm large pixels. ESP 2.0 collected tens of thousands of sets of data and conducted simulation training based on ai-deep learning, and selected a variety of typical scenarios commonly used by users for thousands of live scenes.
In addition, Central axon30 has continued to upgrade its filming techniques, using Sony ' s 6400ai full-scale scenes, with 120-degree, wide-angle, 3-cm micro- and deep-views, enabling 4-k60 high-resolution video and multiple-recording, multiple-recording cameras.
Same shot, supported by video divulges, ai scene recognition, etc. The overall performance of the cell phone has been significantly upgraded, and multiple hardware has been built into a high machine. Axon30 has used 870 chips for thilongs, which has increased cpu performance by 190% compared to the previous generation, gpu by 330% plus, and ufs3.1 has been used to make it written in sequence.
In order to enhance the user's experience with games, axon30 increased the network speed by using super antenna 3.1, 5g+wifi1+wifii, wifi6 and, on the other hand, axon30 introduced memory integration technology and 360hz touch-sampling, increasing the efficiency and experience of mobile phones running large phones, and equipped with sound dispersion.
Thermal effect, giving users a good experience. Figure 17: Distribution of super antenna signals
In terms of prices, axon30 has launched four editions, of which 6+128g is sold at a price of $2198, which is extremely high value. Middle-Hungular phones are expected to rely on low-priced middle-rises.
The axon30 version re-opens the smartphone market, re-enhances brand visibility and returns to the first echelon of mobile phones. (iv) Break-through on-line marketing, focusing on youth and technology, working in tandem with the Internet to build the edge of the middle-rise mobile phone channel.
Shops are actively building online access advantages, driving the overall sale of Chinese mobile phones through online channels, while Mid-City mobile phones are also active, creating off-line access advantages, and planning to build 5,000 retail positions throughout 2021, which will be the first five-g-execution museum to be built, according to a response from China News on 11 July on the investor platform, as of 11 July, to the Mid-City mobile phone contract.
Three thousand retail positions have been built. Sub-door shops increase consumer efficiency, win consumer favors with a sense of technology and fashion. Underline channels are branded “fine veins” that enhance users’ sense of experience, cover consumers with different needs, create experiential marketing, and are expected to enhance “carrying” capabilities.
Reshaping fashion, technology branding, precision targeting of young people, and better positioning of brands. China-China newsletters inviting the artist to film the brand film " Walking Forward, Always " , targeting ordinary people and routine routines in ordinary life, touching viewers through fine artistic performances, enhancing the personal and real sense of the Chinese brand, and contributing to the growth of the boom.
In January 2021, Red's mobile phone and tweaking games officially entered into a strategic partnership to deepen the user through a tweaking game.
The group’s impression of the close connection between Red Devil’s cell phone and the game further builds the brand image of Red Devil’s cell phone as a game phone, enhances the loyalty of gamers to Red Devil’s cell phone, and helps the Red Devil to further increase his visibility among the gamers’ group.
To speed up the multi-product layout of consumer business, opening up market space with a value-for-money advantage. On July 27, 2021, a hand-in-hand launch, axon30, ztelivebudspro and ztebuds headphones were launched, with a clear sense that the improvisation was accelerating the deployment of consumer business products, increasing the branding influence of the consumer electronics market and raising the value of the consumer market.
Visibility. This release of axon30 and two headphones is high and low-priced, mainly for middle- and high-end consumers and business people, and a profit-for-market strategy that allows for rapid diffusion of corporate consumer business, opening up market space for brands while reaping the desired volume of product sales, and long-term boosting consumer business.
Fig. 20: Axon30, a new edition of ztelivebudspro and ztebuds, two new blue-tooth headphones are also extremely valuable, adding a new dimension to the "1+2+n" strategy for the central consumer business. The two new blue-tooth headphones are also highly priced, of which zte
Livebudspro uses a six-meat mix to reduce sound delay to 70 ms (51 per cent lower than airpoedspro) and includes four modes of noise reduction, transect, games and ordinary, with a price of only $349; ztebuds single ear weight of only 3.4g, equipped with 500mah charger, capable of supporting four hours of continuous calls and five hours of continuous music.
The introduction of the popular new bluetooth earpieces has complemented the company’s consumer strategy with new ones that are more expensive than similar headphones and that are expected to boost the company’s performance.
Naking has also introduced such peripheral products as yellow people's cell phone shells, t-shirts, neoboy dolls and middle-bust backpacks to win the favor of young consumers at the price of cute fashion and pro-people, helping to implement the company's rejuvenation strategy, creating brand identity and further raising the company's brand profile among the youth.
The company is the leading global provider of the ict solution and will benefit fully from the global 5g build-up as the lead equipment provider, the domestic market share is expected to increase further, and the business growth of the operator is determined; and the business of government and enterprise is focused on the priority sectors.
Power opens the market space through priority products such as databases, operating systems, etc.; consumer business has strong power at the technological and manufacturing ends, full-scale distribution of consumer electronics and other games, and long-term growth of space. Corporate R & D is strong, and we see strong corporate R & D power becoming sustainable in new applications.
In the long run, the company’s strong research and development power is expected to consume electronics, automobiles, chips, and data.
We believe that the value of the company is underestimated and the “buy-in” rating is maintained. If the operator’s capital spending and the construction of 5g are not as high as expected, it will affect the advancement of the entire 5g industry chain, affecting both the operator, the government, and the consumer of the company’s main business.
The development of smartphone channels is not as expected, and if smartphone channels are not built as expected, they can have a negative impact on middle-aged cellular and consumer operations, and hence on the operations of China Communications.
In January 2021, China joined the Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre to cover the cloud computing & idc industry.
Ishiyoje, Master of Finance, Beijing University of Foreign Languages, 8th degree in English. Served at the Shanghai Steel Federation ' s Mri Research Centre, responsible for motor block research. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in December 2020, conducting research in the communications & Internet sector, covering, inter alia, car networking, material networking, operators, the Internet.
In July 2021, he joined the Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre, which conducts research in the communications & Internet industry, covering such areas as industrial Internet/industrial software, smart network cars, cloud computing, and the Internet. Part of this is irrelevant, irrelevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views contained in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and guidance in making investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and duties. This report is made available only to the specific client mentioned above, and is not made available to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in the present report are only dated from the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
A special notice may not be issued in respect of letters of credit securities for studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.