The intermediate effect of the two bands was remarkable, and the outreach went well out of the province.
Dollars, equal to +32.2%; 19q4 income and net return profits increased by +11.6%, +19.6%. Dollars, equal to +2.0%, net return to mothers, $1.22 billion, equal to +39.6%, and profit margins were overexpected. At the same time, the intermediate effect of the two headbands was remarkable, and the expansion was smooth.
+27.7%, sales equal to +21.6%, with a marked increase in the ton price: Saffrons account for 25-30%, an increase of more than 55%, Bozo revenues of more than 3 billion yuan, an increase of about 50%, and Panama and Old Shiraito double-digit growth. A series of liquor collections, 900 million yuan, a ratio of 5.8%, sales - 25%, and a slight increase in the Māori rate, show a strategy of focus.
At the subregional level, the rate of increase in external and intra-provincial incomes was 8.7 per cent and 47.7 per cent respectively, with more than half of them. Thanks to the opening up of out-of-provincial markets and the sinking of channels, the synergy of specialized stores and channels, the rapid growth of flowers and boars and the upgrading of product structures,
The increase in the share of high-end green flowers is evident, with a significant increase in the city’s share of light bottled wine, with three years of reform exceeding expectations. 20q1 tons of wine earned $3.82 billion, the number of places in the Qinghua series increased significantly, and the rate of growth in Panama’s series was about 15 per cent (of which the price contributed about 3 per cent); affected by the epidemic, the series of wines and the distribution of wines was somewhat higher.
The increase in sales costs, the company’s push for a revival of the rum, and the apparent increase in the cost below line. At the same time, the tax and surcharge rates of 19q4, 20q1 increased by 3.9 percentage points and decreased by 6.9 percentage points, respectively, with a greater impact on seasonal profits, mainly as a result of the consumption tax at the point of production.
In the last three years, there has been an ongoing revival of wine. Not only has it been a reform of State-owned enterprises, but it has also been a re-emergence of brand names, which has led to a re-awareness of capital markets: from consolidation in the province (upgrading of product structures, flattening and sinking of channels, digital marketing and control of core terminals, etc.) to out-of-the-provincial expansion (Call West to the city of 1357).
At the same time, the product is becoming richer and more sophisticated, focusing on the flowers and Panama at the middle and lower ends, with the bologna at its core, driving the medium and the series of wines, the bamboo youth series, gradually importing channels, forming a multi-priced, multi-product, non-focused product matrix; and the branding of the wine is sufficiently supportive.
Tens of billions of space to achieve rapid growth in the combination of products, brands and channels in the rapid growth of the industry-stressed and branding of wines.
Three-step goal: 2. Shanxi wine (60809): "In the middle of the two" effect, with the result that the extra-provincial market is active (2019-08-27)
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.