The 20% growth goal for the year is a sign of confidence, with 10 billion people in the field. The Shanxi Wine (60809) 2019 and the 2020 1st Quarterly Reviews.
By product, 10,297 million yuan was earned, corresponding to 27.65 per cent (volume + 21.55 per cent, price + 5.02 per cent), of which 40 per cent was expected to increase in the Saffron series; 900 million yuan, corresponding to 5.77 per cent (volume - Oyang Woo Sword).
The increase in profits for the entire year was slightly lower than expected, mainly due to the significant increase in sales costs of 19q4 The increase in net profits for the collection and repatriation of mothers in the year ended 2019 was 25.79 per cent and 28.63 per cent, respectively, of which 2019q4 battalion Guo Xiaodong
Net profit recovery and attribution increased by 26.02 per cent and 3.08 per cent, respectively, with profit growth lower than expected owing to higher sales costs (large increases in advertising and sales staff remuneration, etc.), sales fees of 2019q4 20q1 resulting in higher profit growth than expected, combined with profits of 19q4+20q1
1) 2020q1 merchandise alcohol production is low and corresponding consumption taxes and taxes are reduced by $303 million; 2) 2019 Central Sea International Center, 15th Floor, Peace Rixie Street, Beijing West Side, 28th Floor, Beijing.
In December, the acquisition of 10 per cent of the stock of the Liquor Marketing Company, 10 per cent of the share of the Liquor Marketing Company, and the 10 per cent of the share of the Liquor Marketing Company, increased by 0.30 pct to 72.22 per cent annually from 87.67 per cent in 2019 to 2020q1.
Shenzhen Fukuwa, who is a tax-free trader in Shenzhen Fukuda, has been working on a free-trade experiment in Chengdu, China.
The company's annual report's business plan will make a positive contribution to the effective landing of the deployments, and will aim to achieve Camp 177, Central China International Center, 17.
In terms of market layout, a slight increase of about 20 per cent is being made, i.e., the consolidation of the market for the “1+3” (Sanxi market, Kyunjin plating plate, Rui plating plate, punctuation plate) and a modest increase in the “5 small plate” (Gang, Guanjun plate, Two Lake plate, Northeast plate, Northeast plate)
The expansion of the market in the north-west has accelerated the expansion of the seven opportunity markets (Sichuan, Yunnan, Chongqing, Guangxi, Guizhou, Jiangxi, Tibet); 2) product structure has been optimized with a sustained commitment to the Xiaohua breakthroughs and the steady rise in the structure of the country, leading to the marketing and promotion of the Panama series, the old white-collar series of products
(iii) In terms of channel development, the focus on end-building and large group purchases continues to be strengthened, and specialized shops are being launched. Upgrades are being made to: enhance the management of power lines, maintain the market order for online sales, raise the market order for online sales, and improve the overall stock.
To achieve a 20-to-one billion-dollar growth, ensuring that the Saffron series reaches the 5-billion mark (sales calibre) and further improves the performance of its products: 1) Saffron 20 and Saffron 30 operate separately, and Saffron 30 gathers in 50 cities, and Saffron 20 focuses on 100 cities; 2) 30-year-olds rely mainly on commercial and group purchasing capital
In addition to the core terminal, Xian20 will be placed as a caterer channel; 3) Xinghua 20 terminals approximately 70,000, of which Xinhua 15,000 and Xinghua 30 terminals approximately 20,000, of which Xiaohua 5,000.  maintains the company's “plus” rating
The method, using legally compliant information, is to produce the report independently and objectively. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
The company is not a customer for whom it receives this report, it is not a client for whom it has no direct business agreement, and it does not have proper responsibilities. This report is a confidential material of the company, and if a non-client receives this report, please return it and delete it in a timely manner and keep it confidential until it is publicly disclosed or with the consent of the company.
This report is based on what the company considers reliable and publicly available information, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of that information. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which can be changed without notice. At different times, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report.
The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date. The company has no obligation to update all recipients of this report with regard to its analytical comments or trade views issued by other professionals (including, but not limited to, salesmen, traders) based on different assumptions, research methods, instant dynamic information and market performance that are inconsistent with this report. The company may modify the information contained in this report without notice.
This view, the recommendation, does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial position and specific needs of the person receiving the report, and does not at any time constitute a recommendation for private investment in the client.
The company’s previous studies predict and analyse accurately, and do not prejudge the performance of this report and future studies of the company. For all the consequences of the use or use of this report and other relevant studies of the company, my Lord.