The structure of the product has been steadily improving to keep pace with the company's long-term growth trends.
Events: The company published its annual report in 2019, generating operating income of $11,880 million, an increase of 25.79 per cent in the same year, and a tax on belonging. The company also issued its report in the first quarter of 2020, generating operating income of $4,140 million, an increase of 1.71 per cent over the same period the previous year.
Income profits declined slightly over q3, but did not affect the achievement of the set objectives for the year and the three-year reform was a perfect closing. By product, $10,297 million in operating income was achieved, an increase of 27.65 per cent over the same year, and $900 million in running the series, a decrease of 5.77 per cent over the same period.
8.65 per cent of the total operating income in the provinces rose by 47.65 per cent over the same period. In the first half of 2019, the company made certain controls on the Saffron series, accelerated market placements in the second half of the year and boosted the increase in the revenue of the off-provincial market. Meanwhile, the Bolívar series continued to increase its sales in the core markets, and served as a catalyst for consumers in terms of gaps and market expansion.
In terms of costs, sales costs have increased by 55.74% over the year, mainly as a result of increases in advertising and sales staff salaries; R & D costs have increased by 83.11% over the year, mainly due to the continuous upgrading of the structure of the R & D labour, materials and products, and the fact that the young flowers of 2020 are still the top priority.
In 2020, in a new phase, based on brand positioning and long-term development considerations, the company's strategy was slowly changing to "middle-high, bottom-level." The young flower had the hope of becoming a core increment of 20 years, with 20 and 30 or 30 or separate, with a target of 1 billion.
A total of 5 billion dollars was broken, Xianhua 20 was in favour of channel sales, Xianhua 30 was in favour of group sales, Chen Jinzhi was in sales, and the sales of Xinghua were expected to be more innovative with continuous fine-tuning operations.
In 2020, the company entered the phase of quasi-motion replication, preserving the volume and increasing its efforts to expand out-of-provincial markets on the basis of a solid Shanxi market and traditional niche markets.
Shanxi Liquor: Performance growth meets expectations, extra-provincial markets expand rapidly and in an orderly manner, with more than half of the extra-provincial markets. We believe that the company has developed an integrated branding model in the billions of markets around the mountain, and that the next phase is to replicate it flexibly.
Shanxi Liquor: There has been a steady growth in performance, with the expansion of the provincial market plus the white market and the growth market. By 2020, the company will have increased market expansion modestly in the “5 small” (Gangsi, Jin, Guanjun, Two Lake, Northeast, North West) to speed up the 7 opportunity markets.
Shanxi Liquor: Performance growth is higher than expected, and reforms continue to expand (Sichuan, Yunnan, Chongqing, Guangxi, Guizhou, Jiangxi, Tibet) and accelerate the process of nationalization. – With the short-term impact of the 2020 epidemic, the year-round income target shows confidence.
As a result, the company has proposed the principle of seeking to achieve an increase of about 20 per cent in operating income, with annual targets not adjusted, dynamic adjustment milestones. In the first quarter of 2020, the company achieved operating income of $4.14 billion, an increase of 1.71 per cent over the same period in the previous year, and net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies of $1,225 million, an increase of 39.36 per cent.
The increase in net profits is mainly due to the impact of the epidemic, the reduction in the volume of commercial alcohol production during the current period, and the corresponding reduction in taxes and charges, such as consumption taxes. With the impact of the new coronary pneumonia epidemic, it has been possible to achieve a two-fold increase in earnings, reflecting the firm’s strong power as a second-high leader.
Investment proposals: After the outbreak, the company responded actively to the epidemic, adapting its business strategies in a timely manner, and mitigating the impact of the epidemic on its economic development. Greater support was provided to distributors, provided that production was completed on time throughout the year. After the end of March, the company allowed the dealer to make a loan, ease the financial pressure, and gradually resumed delivery and distribution at the end of March.
In early April, the company actively introduced marketing policies, such as incentives for end-of-end receptions. The consumption scene in Shanxi Province is gradually recovering.