Day-to-day consumption of food, beverages and tobacco.
The two fast-growing, extra-provincial, 50 per cent for the first time, the high income growth in 2019 came from the rapid growth of Xiaohua and the rapid growth of markets outside the province.
The six-monthly effect of total equity/flow (million shares) is becoming apparent, and the waist product is performing smoothly. The advance bill at the end of the year is 2,839 million yuan, an increase of $1.18 billion, a rise of $1 billion, an increase in the ring, a rise in history, and an advance in spring.
Also this year, for the first time in Spring Festival, the company achieved quota lending and control of the rate of payment. At the end of the year, Shanxi Liquor (60809), Shanxi Liquor: plus pre-receipt performance reflects a high level of confidence in the company.
In 2019, rapid developments outside the province supported a rapid increase in the amount of $5.96 billion, an increase of 47.65 per cent and an increase of $5.78 billion in the province.
Quarterly reviews: The nationalization process accelerated, at 8.65%, with an out-of-town ratio of more than 50% for the first time.
In 2019, under the “one-to-one-triple” approach, companies managed to control, boost, raise prices, improve efficiency, focus on resources, maintain a pattern of breakthroughs and steady rises, driving the Panama series.
The market layout and promotion of old white-collar products is fast growing in 2019q4, the increase in the Maori rate is faster (80.98%), the increase in the annual Maori rate to 71.92%, an increase of 5.71 pcts compared to last year. Tax rates are flat in 2019, and we expect production rhythms and quarterly waves of consumption tax recognition.
On the other hand, sales costs are 21.73 per cent, with an increase of 4.39 pcts, mainly due to advertising costs and the impact of the epidemic.
There is a strong demand resilience in the province. The company's repayment rate was low by the end of March, re-released, combined with the April 1 increase in the price of Boone, cash flows from the active terminals and distributors, returns from both within and outside the province, faster returns from within, showing the company's brand power and strength.
Channel control also reflects the dealer's confidence in the company. The contract liability (prepaid) of $1.611 billion at the end of the quarter, an increase of $610 million compared to the confirmed 1.2 billion, a rise in the number of pre-collected orders at the end of the calendar year, and an increase in demand in the subsequent recovery of consumption.
The increase in the Māori rate, the quarterly fluctuations in taxes, led to a significant increase in net interest rates.
Sales companies (the four main products) grew better than other products, with a high Māori ratio of Piti rising. The ratio of taxes was 6.6%, a sharp decline of 6.9%, and the impact of the epidemic on production and fluctuations in consumer tax payments between seasons. The cost of sales was 21.39%, up from the same period last year.
At 0.65 pcts, some advance preparations are made for the recovery of consumption demand after the outbreak.
Management; digitalization of traditional channels, with the number of controlled terminals in the national market reaching 700,000; and, at the same time, company outreach on- and below-the-line, intra- and off-the-shelf marketing patterns, with electricity lines accumulated over the year, reaching 3,0279,000 fans, an increase of 321.71 per cent over the same period the previous year and a performance income of 291 million.
In 2020, the company will continue to strengthen the focus on end-building and large group purchases, and to initiate the upgrading of specialized shops; to strengthen the management of power lines; to maintain market order for online sales of company products; and to upgrade online branding capabilities.
At the regional level, by 2020, companies will have to increase their efforts to reach out to out-of-provincial markets on the basis of the stability of the market in Shanxi and traditional niche markets.
The expansion of the market for the large “5” (Gang, Guanjun, Two Lake, North East, North West) has accelerated the expansion of the seven opportunity markets (Sichuan, Yunnan, Chongqing, Guangxi, Guizhou, Jiangxi, Tibet).
The company’s 2020 sales plan seeks to increase business income by about 20%, and the epidemic affects itself in the wider environment. We believe that the company’s product lines are well configured, ranging from tens of dollars of light bottle to 600 dollars of sub-high end, with a strong ability to cope with changes in the external environment, and that the bobble has a forty-fifty dollar light bottle.
With the absolute quality and brand advantage of the price of alcohol, a slight adjustment to last year’s zero-growth advance plan in the light of changing consumer demand, and better demand in the context of the epidemic, we anticipate that the firm growth support company will still be able to achieve its goals this year.
Business consumption demand is expected to continue the momentum of last year’s rapid release when it returns to normal. We believe that companies will be able to meet their annual targets, with companies expected to achieve sales by 2020, with the epidemic having a greater impact on the demand for white wine, large macroeconomic fluctuations, and so on.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.