Shanxi Liquor (60809): During the reporting period, the company achieved operating income of $11,880 million, a year-on-year increase, in the evening of 27 April, when the company ' s market performance outside of the province was published in 2019 and in the first quarter of 2020.
25.79 per cent; realization of net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies of $1.939 billion, an increase of 30.47 per cent; gain of $2.23 per share. Of this amount, q4 was earned in a single season, an increase of 3.08 per cent over the same period; gain of $0.28 per share. First quarter of 2020
• 2019 with rapid growth, with off-the-shelf markets active. 2019 with both income/net profits sustained a rapid increase of more than 25% throughout the year. On a product basis, the wine series earned $10,297 million, representing 86.68% of gross revenue.
Interest rate 75.80 per cent; income from a series of wines (apricot village, sake, gin, rose, etc.) of 548 million yuan, or 461 per cent, or 3,077 million yuan, or +221.2 per cent, per cent.
The sharp decline in net profit growth was mainly due to sales costs of $922 million, the year-on-year + 173.87%. Revenue growth fell in the first quarter of 2020, and net profits increased in a single season faster than income, mainly due to the impact of the epidemic on companies and a decline in commodity alcohol production.
The decline in sales earnings of the parent company has resulted in a decline of $274 million to $271 million in turnover tax and surcharges.
The company has increased its efforts in the off-provincial market by increasing advertising inputs throughout the country and increasing the number of business and land employees, with increased incentives resulting in increased remuneration for advertising and sales; and management costs of 7.20 per cent (+0.50 pct), mainly
This is an increase in employee remuneration and storage costs; R & D rate of 0.19 per cent, and financial cost of the company ' s future. (1) The new crowning epidemic is a stress test for the white wine industry, which has a phased business pressure that will accompany it in the second half of the year.
Further diversification and reduction of alcohol consumption, faster recovery of wine and industrial concentration are expected to increase further; (2) benefits from strong market expansion and product optimization by companies, with the first out-of-town market operating revenue going beyond the province and the second-highest company
The advantage of the end- and low-end light bottle markets is clear, and as consumption recovers in the second half of the year, it is expected that firms will grow even more rapidly. Multiply, maintaining a “recommended” investment rating.
This report is produced by Chinese securities and is intended only for customers of Chinese securities. The company will not receive this report from recipients.
But there is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information. We have tried to report it objectively and fairly, but the information in the report and the views expressed in it do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, and the information, opinions and opinions do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financial position and specific needs of the persons who were taken from the report and do not at any time constitute an individual to anyone.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial status and specific needs.