On April 19, the company published a quarterly report for 2021, which generated a revenue of 1,562 million yuan, an increase of 197.47 per cent over the previous year.
The net profit of $287 million, an increase of 59.123%, was within the scope of the previous quarterly performance forecast and the performance was in line with the expected period. At the same time, the company announced a forecast of business performance for January-June 2021, with a projected net return of 21q1 in the first half of the year, with a record increase in net profit of 21h1
\triangleright 21q1 achieved revenues of 1,562 million yuan, representing an increase of 9.71 per cent over the 20q4 ring; achieved net profit of 287 million yuan from the return to the mother, which was largely the result of strong demand in downstream markets and a marked increase in sales, as well as an increase in the self-production of raw materials.
The price of lithium hexafluoride, which maintains a high stacking of prices and increases profits from vertical integration, has increased since 2021 from 110,000 yuan per ton to 200,000 yuan per ton, an increase of 82 per cent. Looking forward, the average annual price is expected to remain high due to rigidity and high demand.
The Division currently produces a total of 12,000 tons of lithium hexafluoride, with a self-supply rate of more than 90%. Increased prices and higher profits from the electrolytic fluids. In addition, the company is now producing a variety of electrolytes and additives of its own, including lithium hexafluoride (lipf6), lithium bifluorofluorohydrazine (lifsi), lithium difluorophosphate (lipo2f2), ethylene sulfate (dtd), etc., which will achieve one.
On the client side, the company has signed a strategic cooperation agreement with Tesla, which is expected to increase significantly in 2021, while many of them are still at the same time.
His overseas clients are expanding, leading to a higher share of corporate business abroad. On the new product, the company’s new electrolytic difluoride lithium sulfonide (lfsi) capacity of 2,000 tons has been achieved, and the new capacity will gradually become operational in the second half of the year and will be steady in the future.
Cost rates have declined the same year. Net operating cash flows have fallen by 3.78 per cent/4.16 per 1.31 per 1.86 per 1.86 per cent, company cost rates have fallen significantly and company cost rates are expected to remain low throughout the year as revenues have increased and management has been optimized in the future. Net operating cash flows for 2101 companies have declined by 215.41
Reference cs new car currently 114 times p-ttm, maintaining a “recommended” rating, taking into account that the company is an electrolyte tap. New energy vehicle sales are not as high as expected; lithium hexafluoride prices are not as high as expected; overseas customers are increasing their shipments at a slower rate than expected.
Li Kyung Po, Shanghai Transport University, with five years of experience in the auto industry, had been employed in the national securities industry and joined in February 2021, mainly in charge of new energy vehicles. Authors with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association to consult on securities investment, and ensured that the data used in the report were derived from the compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,