Isolation fluid integration and high demand for high performance. Quarterly review 2021. 21 April 2021.
Incidents: Quarterly report 2021, with revenues of $1,562 million in the first quarter of 2021, compared with the sale of lithium cell electrolyte products in Huang Xuyu, and the increase in the self-production rate of raw materials contributed to the increase in the Maori rate.
Quarterly corporate revenues of $1,562 million, an increase of 197.47 per cent over the same period, were mainly due to the increase in sales of lithium cell material electrolyte products; the increase in the Māori rate of 34.33 per cent, an increase of 2.74 percentage points over the same period, mainly as a result of the increase in the self-production rate of raw materials for lithium cell material electrolyte products; and the realization of a net return on the mother.
The company expects high-speed developments in the area of new energy vehicles and storage power to boost demand for company products. The company’s main products are lithium battery materials, solar materials, and special chemicals, with 65% of lithium battery materials collected.
The lithium cell material produced by the roe(ttm) company is mainly lithium cell electrolyte and solid material phosphate.
For products, the company ' s packaged electrolysis fluids and critical raw material production capacity for lithium phosphate, including the lowest price of lithium fluorophosphate, new electrolytes, additives, iron phosphate and lithium concentrates in December. January 2021
New-energy automobile sales grew by 407% and 351.6%, respectively, and new-energy automobiles were well sold, pulling the demand for lithium batteries, thus pulling the demand for the electrolytic fluids and positive materials from the key raw materials of lithium batteries. The storage energy sector also accelerated with the development of photovoltaics, 5g base stations, grid storage and household storage capacity.
There is a strong push for the lithium cell material industry. Companies now take the lead in innovative products in more than 80% of the 5g, iron towers, and so on.
Lead, maintain a stable partnership with lig chemistry, sign a strategic cooperation agreement with Tesla, and the expansion of international operations has enabled companies to accelerate their share in the global market by 2020. The core key raw materials of the company’s own major products help to capture a continuous cost competitive advantage.
With 70 per cent and 25 per cent of the capacity of liquids and positive materials, respectively, companies have been able to rapidly scale up production to respond to high downstream demand, and prices of raw materials have risen sharply and product prices have fallen.
The “market index” of this rating system is based on 300 indexes of depth. I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association to produce this report in a diligent and professional manner, independently and objectively and to the extent that I know it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the company’s relevant business sectors, issuers, listed companies, etc.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report.