Performance exceeded expectations, with HFC 6 continuing, with revenues of 1,562 million yuan, an increase of 197.47 per cent over the same period; net gain of 287 million yuan, higher performance than expected, and a continuing profit from HFC 6.
This is mainly due to the high price of the electrolytic fluids and the continued high climate of raw materials, lithium hexafluoride. Our company prices compare to 300 tons at depth, with 20,000 tons of new capacity in the second half of construction expected. Demand is high, and the supply of hexafluoride is tight.
Shortage, with prices currently rising by almost 100 per cent over 20 years q4 and continuing to contribute high profits to the company. Cost rates dropped significantly during the period, and scale effects reinforced the flagship status 2.7 pct down year-round; sales/management/research and development/financial cost rates were respectively
Billion, the same ring, rises, and the fall in cost is mainly due to a significant increase in revenue, which should be seen. As demand increases in the electric fluid market and corporate share rises, the scale effect will become more pronounced, and firm leader status will continue to be consolidated.
“New Energy in Huaan securities _ company depth _ gift material: good profits from electrolysis fluids, optimized solar structure” 2. “New Energy in Huaan securities _ company reviews _ gift material
Annual Report Review: Expense and Integration of Overseas Clients: The Huaan Securities New Energy and Automobile Research Group: Covering the Electricity and Automobile Industry, Popular China, Teco Electronics.
Beyonda: Dr. Lithium Electric, Shanghai Transport University, awarded a national scholarship and studied at the National Laboratory in Lawrence Berkeley, United States of America, six years of Lithium Electric Research Certificate, covering the lithium electricity industry chain.Teng Fei: four years of experience in industrial design and voucher industry research, Master of Finance, Kedge, France, integrated background in electrical engineering and finance, covering lithium
Song Wai Jian: Five years of research experience in the automobile industry, Master ' s degree in the Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, covering passenger vehicles, commercial vehicles, auto parts, and new energy sources and traditional vehicles.
The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, will not be, and will not be, directly or indirectly, the result of specific recommendations or views in this report.