Investment rating: Purchase (maintenance) 5,800 tons of new lithium electrolysis, 150,000 tons per year of lithium electric materials, 400,000 per year
The Ton Sulfur Acid project, the 100,000-ton lithium battery electrolyte project, the 50,000-ton hydrofluoride project and the 25,000-ton electron-hydrofluoric acid project, the 185,000-tonne-year new daily chemical industry project, which resulted in an increase in the price of 33.70 per cent above the base price, highlighted investor confidence in corporate development.
• The demand for HFC-based expansion has broken out, and the integrated layout has continued to deepen corporate profitability.
Production capacity will reach 35,000 tonnes and self-contained HFC-commodity electrolyte supply capacity will reach 280,000 tonnes. If needed, HFC will become a constraint on the supply capacity of the electrolyte.
In addition to the six, the release of additives, such as lifsi, will be furthered.
2. "The new energy sources of the Hua'an stock market _ company review _ gifted material " .
“New Energy in Huaanan Securities _ Corporate Review _ Gifts _ Quarterly Review: Performance in excess of expectations, H6F, New Energy and Automobile Research Group in Huaanan Securities: Covering Electricity and the Automobile Industry”
Popular China, Teco Electronics: Dr. Lithium Electric, Shanghai Transport University, awarded a national scholarship and studied at the National Laboratory in Lawrence Berkeley, United States, six years of Lithium Research, covering the lithium electricity industry chain.
Teen Fei: Four years of research experience in industrial design and voucher industry, Master of Commerce and Finance, Kedge, France, and a complex background in electrical engineering and finance, covering lithium Soong Waiqin: five years of research experience in the automobile industry, Master ' s degree from Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, covering passenger vehicles, commercial vehicles, auto parts and components, and new energy source vehicles and traditional vehicles.
The information contained in the report does not change, nor does it guarantee that the information contained in the report will change in any way.
For information purposes only. I do not have, do not have, do not have, and will not be directly or indirectly affected by the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.