Medical Health Research Centre Performance is largely in line with expectations, intermediate pressure, copying of pharmaceutical quantities, company fundamentals (RMK)
Yesterday, the company released its three-quarterly report in 2019, which generated revenues of approximately 12.96 billion, or 5.94 per cent of the year; and Kawaning's performance q3 was significantly reduced and the price of the core intermediate varieties was expected to fall by the company's initiative.
Since the price of sulfur has fallen, the current price is expected to be around $300/kg. Second, companies are expected to compensate long-term downstream customers as a result of the production of an intermediate inventory of downstream customers, affecting current performance. In addition, Kawaning is expected to implement a 15% value-added tax for five years starting this year, resulting in a positive impact on the profits of Kawaning in the current period.
We expect to see a steady recovery in the next year’s performance of Trunchin. The sales of generic drugs meet expectations, and the quarterly rounding is expected to continue: q3 generic sales are expected.
Rishle sold about $220 million, Blote sold about $169 million, Dot + Domónte, and other intestine camps 2. Three drivers, innovation future - depth of the Colon medicine industry. Sales of breeds about $179 million, and sales of 23 new generics sold about $173 million.
The first three quarters are expected to be 1.2 billion yuan. The plate is expected to be sold more than 1.5 billion dollars a year, research and development inputs q3 are slowing down, pharmaceutical consistency evaluation is entering the harvest period, and innovative medicines are expected to be declared next year as the first: company q3 R & D costs about 250 million yuan, q2 R & D costs about 280 million yuan and q1 R & D costs.
Next year, it is expected that the first innovative drug, pd-l1, will be produced in the form of snorting cancer. The most advanced varieties include, inter alia, a167 (pd-l1), a140 (egfr), a168 (vegf).
This includes her2adc in the first phase of the clinic, her2adc, the Dositas in the protein, the Eliotol resin, the small molecule jak inhibitor, the new anaesthetic pain pill, and the tpo variety. Given the steady growth of corporate fluids over the long term, Kawaning is under pressure, and a copying drug is on the market for rapid release.
Performance, as well as innovative medicine clinical progresses steadily in the future. Over the next three years, we'll give the mother-in-law an offer. Lee Jin Lei has uncertainty about clinical progress in developing varieties, both within and outside the country; the risk of competition when the drug is marketed; the marketing group.
Uncertainty in the expansion of the team and commercialization of new medicines; uncertainty in the progress of the distribution shares, which is not currently taken into account; complex patterns of competition in the Ning intermediate market and uncertainty in performance; risk of the release of the stocks from sale; and analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment