A summary of the 2020h1 report: the rules have been established and there is more room for housing enterprises.
2021, which looks more like a core city with a long triangle, development operations are better integrated and diversified.
8.7 per cent growth in real estate under shocks Annual inventory: 2020 housing deals are clearly structured, high-energy, and in 2021, in real estate development business, Vanko's sales performance and net profit
The city has a pre-emptive advantage. Industry research: Why would Changsha become a model for learning across the country?
Business Research: The ultimate option for the expansion of South China Houses: Occupation, arguing that Vanko's performance as a leading home in the real estate industry has a certain long triangle?
Representativeness, reflecting the prevailing situation of housing enterprises, i.e. slowing down or even falling back in scale, Enterprise Research: The growth and performance of heads of housing in Vankoa, the increase in uncertainty about high land prices and investment, led to a narrow profit margin to a conventional zone
Business studies: "Back," re-starting, looking at Green City, and down the line of the business to make asset impairments. But we also believe that, through strategic and managerial adjustments, Huanko is doing business and making profits.
It's hoped to stop the drop, and the rapid growth of diversified operations has expanded to Huanco by a little rain, rain_yxy.
Tsangzhilong 666 (microsign)
In 2021, the size of Vanko ' s real estate development operations declined slightly, with the contract sales amounting to $6.6778 billion and the sales area of $38.78 million m2, a decrease of 10.8 per cent and 18.4 per cent, respectively, but the overall size remains at the top of the first echelons, maintaining a leading industry, with a share of about 3.5 per cent in the national merchandise house market, with sales ranking first in several cities such as Wuhan, Chengdu and Nanjing.
Keeping up on a high scale, carrying out business income growth, real estate development clearing amounted to 31.165 million m2 and realizing carry-over revenue, but with respect to land investment, the value of the new land building area in the year was 26.674 billion yuan, down 20 per cent from 2020, and we believe that the reduction in investment is both an indication of the firm ' s increased corporate security cushions under industry liquidity constraints and a representative of the enterprise.
A cautious approach to market expectations in the short term has increased from an interest ratio of 61.2 per cent in new land construction in 2020 to an increase in the volume of sales of the Vanko real estate development business, although there has been a decline in the size of other diversified operations, with more spending on the development of billions of yuan, an increase of 32.1 per cent compared to the 32.1 per cent recorded in the logistics warehousing service of $3.16 billion, an increase of 68.9 per cent in the rental of dwellings.
Business generated business revenues of $2.89 billion, an increase of 13.9 per cent over the same period, and business development with “print” as a platform for business operations of $7.62 billion, an increase of 20.6 per cent over the same period.
II. Strengthening integration to reduce fragmentation, with net profits expected to recover steadily 452.80 billion yuan in business earnings in 2021, an increase of 8.0 per cent in the same year, but a net profit of 38.7 billion yuan, a decrease of 35.8 per cent in the same year, is also the first decline in net profits since 2008. There are two main aspects to the decline in profits.
One reason is the high cost of land, which rose by 19.4% in 2021 in the same year, significantly higher than the increase in operating income, which reduced the gross profit rate to 21.8% and reduced gross and net profits with it. During the period of high industry growth, Huan was able to manage in a fully empowered manner, contributing to rapid scale growth, but as the industry grew at a slower rate, the land was added to the land.
High prices, increased risk and uncertainty of investment, varying levels of performance among urban companies, increased fragmentation, partly as a result of a marked downturn in the market after four quarters, a reduction in the value of some of the project and equity investments by enterprises, and a loss of assets amounting to $3.51 billion, resulting in a reduction of net profit on maternity by $2.6 billion.
We believe that, as a leading home company with a long history of real estate development, Vanko's performance is somewhat representative, i.e., with a slowdown in the size of the industry, higher real estate prices and increased investment uncertainty have led to a narrow profit rate in the real estate sector, a slowdown in net profit growth, or a possible decline. But we also believe that Vanko's net profit is expected to stop falling.
Steady, on the one hand, operating income remains high overall, with 63,822 million yuan remaining in 2021 in pre-receipt and a guaranteed carry-over of revenue. On the other hand, Huanko indicated that the central management function of the Department of Development Operations would be implemented in 2022 and that it would be integrated to develop business operations in order to reduce variations in the performance of municipal companies, achieve accurate investment and improve the quality of investment.
Adjustments to investment and management, coupled with significant asset advances by the enterprise, are expected to lead to a steady return in future profits.III. A more robust financial position, with three red lines remaining green.
The overall interest-bearing liability is stable in size, the debt service structure has improved, and short-term debt-servicing risks are low. In the long run, the net debt ratio of Huanko is at a low level for years, three lines of red line indicators remain green and the overall financial position is more robust.
In addition, the extension of the debt period has reduced the risk of short-term debt service for the enterprise, with $14.350 billion in funds on the books at the end of 2021, 1.5 times more coverage of short-term interest-bearing liabilities after the elimination of restricted funds and pre-sale of regulated funds, and a decrease in operating cash flows for 2021.
However, a 13-year-old net operating cash inflow has been maintained, with the enterprise’s short-term debt-servicing risk being generally lower. In the long run, the net liability rate of Huanko remained low, at 29.7 per cent in 2021, with the asset rate of 68.4 per cent for the elimination of pre-collective payments.
Cash short debt ratio = monetary funds/short-term interest-bearing liabilities, without deductions for restricted funds and pre-sale regulatory funds; sales ratio = additional civil storage/contractual sales area; asset-liability ratio excluding pre-receivables = (total liability - contract sales - receipt of this report is based on publicly available information considered reliable by the GWK, including, but not limited to, the company ' s public interest)
For reasons of time and calibre, the content referred to in this report may differ from the actual situation of the enterprise, and the HMK can change at any time and without special notice.
The purpose of this report is to provide an impartial and objective response to business operations. In any event, the information in this report or the views expressed in it do not constitute any recommendation to any institution or individual.
This report is owned by a billion-Han think tank.