Promisingly, in the next two to three years, we'll try to achieve three major goals: the company's profit recovery period, and maintain the “buy-in” rating.
We believe that the company, as the leader of a business that has developed for more than three decades, has a strong resource integration advantage and a risk-resistant capacity, and that the overall profit level can be repaired for a long time. We maintain the profitability and glimmer that the real estate market has hit the bottom in the short term, and the recovery process will be slow and mild.
The monthly sales fell by about 41%, but due to the positive effects of the policy, the demand for the end of the epidemic and the impact of the low 2021 base, sales are expected to improve in June, and the real estate market is now at its bottom in the short term. But the industry has entered a new period of development, with demographic conditions, income levels, and guidance on the functioning of the real estate market.
The principles have changed, and plate repair will be a slow and moderate process. • Over the next two to three years, efforts will be made to stop the decline in performance and to keep the development industry on track.
The second is to keep the development industry in the first camp, and the third is to diversify its capacity to move from real estate development to real estate development, business and services. The development end is to add 13 new projects in January-May, of which 9 will be born in the year and 6 will return to cash flow during the year.
Good performance supports. At the multi-faceted business level, the cloud of things has been in the lead of the industry; in the last few years of the 10,000-latitude logistics, the company's first cover report - the industry's champions are robust, growing by more than 50%, and in 2022 it will try to make a profit; long-lease apartments have made a profit at the cash flow level.
In 2022, we will strive to make a profit at the accounting level; Indian commerce has been growing at about 25% in recent years, and commercial resources are being consolidated. We believe that this will be accompanied by a gradual recovery of the market in the second half of the year, with the profit levels of diversified business.
Quick improvement, the company's commitment to stop the decline in performance is likely to be achieved in 2022, and we're predicting 2022 to be 10,000.