Investment rating: Purchases (maintenance) • Innovative marketing of merchandise houses, with settlement projects in high-land housing having a higher level of innovation in sales of merchandise houses in 2021 than the Māori rate (a) with a smaller overall scale of sales.
Based on a caliber of sales value, during the reporting period, the company achieved sales of $62.7778 billion (6.61 billion (-51.1 per cent of year-on-year investment returns), mainly due to the impairment of $3.53 billion in assets under the Māori ratio for joint venture projects.c) Current settlement revenue increased while the volume of unsold resources remained at the same time.
Decreased. During the reporting period, the company achieved $40,227 million in revenue from the clearing of real estate development operations (a prudential focus on two lines of the same scale-up, actively exploring the model of urban renewal.
A prudent focus on two-line high-quality resources and an active search for models of urban renewal.a) The new investment amount is 49.8% in the second-line cities, with 148 new models added to companies during the reporting period.
In December 2021, the Department took part in the Shanghai Urban Renewal Steering Fund, deeply engaged in a new business in Shanghai, raising 10 billion yuan yuan for the company ' s subsidiary, Shanghai Vanko, and offered 2 billion yuan, or 20 per cent of that amount.
• The three red lines maintain the green line and maintain a consistent strategy of financial soundness 1. Vankoa (00002.sz): The indicators meet the criteria for green lines in the three red lines, where the asset liability rate for pre-collected accounts is eliminated
A total of $6 billion worth of housing rental company bonds were issued in three instalments for a total of $6 billion, medium-term notes were issued at a minimum nominal rate of 3.08 per cent; in addition, the total amount completed by the company abroad was a positive net operating cash flow and, as of the end of 2021, a combination of financing of the company's stock
This is 4.11%, a low level in the industry.
1) Property services: covers the “town of residence” and needs to be marketed. During the reporting period, the cloud achieved business income of 24.4 billion yuan (+32.1% of the year). Of this, the community space services revenue of 13.36 billion yuan (+22.9% of the year), or 56.0%; business and urban space services revenue
As of the date of this report, he had submitted to the CSRC information on his application for the first publicly released shares abroad. 2) Business development and operations: steady growth, with significant advantages in the long triangle.
The cumulative total of construction is 11.392 million. Of this amount, print-managed commercial projects generated $5.23 billion (year-on-year + 23.9%), same-year income +12.1%, overall rental rate of 95.3%, and third-party projects 61%. Companies have a significant competitive advantage in the long triangle, with a large area of management.
The triangular share was 52 per cent (27 per cent). 3) Logistics warehousing services: nationwide warehouse grid layout, with the introduction of war investments. In 2021, logistics operations (including non-scheduled items) achieved operating revenues of $3.16 billion and four internationally recognized strategic investors. 4) Leased dwellings: the size of the business was steady at the top of the industry.
During the reporting period, rental of residential operations (including non-scheduled items) generated operating income of $2.89 billion (same as +13.9%). At the end of the reporting period, the number of open spaces has now accumulated at the end of the reporting period, with an average annual rental rate of 95.3% and a customer renewal rate of 58%, with a clear lead in the industry.
The company adheres to the transformation of the strategy of “urban and rural construction and life service providers” with sufficient and well-structured storage resources, sound finance and compliance with the “green-street” requirements, with financing costs at a better level in the industry. In the larger context of the slowdown in growth, the company combines its diversified business with its main business and synergies.
The data and information used in this report are produced independently and objectively, without any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, or that the information and recommendations contained in the report will not change in any way.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.