High-end alcohol growth led to higher profit margins, semi-annual review of Xiangzhou (000568). Sales channels were clearly constructed and cost rates increased. Companies promoted marketing models such as two-tier channels and control points, and insisted on a direct control terminal.
The company has been active in expanding its consumer base through high-end white wine 1573, raising brand pulls, and winning high brand promotion points. 17h1 company sales cost 860 million dollars, an increase of 42.9 per cent over the same period, mainly due to increased advertising and market promotion and development, mainly to sales promotion. The management cost increase of 32.1 per cent is largely public.
In the current reporting period, the company increased its investment in research and development materials and technical advice, leading to an increase of 34.5% over the same period last year.
The company ' s performance growth is more certain, as the company ' s product lines are fine-tuned and the price of the product adjusted, and the creation and successful marketing of a national branding model have led to a higher degree of certainty in the company ' s future performance. 1573 has an important place and influence in the high-end liquor market as the company ' s leading monolith, and in the last six months the country ' s rotation has been successful, contributing to a high growth rate of more than 40 per cent of sales of 1573;
The special and cellar prices at the sub-high end of 200-500 won, with a high value for money, have benefited from rising consumption to support firm future development with strong waist support: headlines, double-drawn low-end liquor, which ended this year’s adjustment and is expected to share a huge market in the low-end blue sea. By region, the 17h1-centre harvest increased by 56.1% compared to last year’s, the north-west by 28.8%, and the south-west by 10.8%.
In the face of market supply constraints, the three main monoliths at the top and the middle started to raise prices more frequently in 2016, and the price system is expected to continue to move upwards and increase the company ' s Māori ratio. The company ' s Māori rate in 2014 was only 44%, with the company ' s product-to-product ratio.
After the project is completed, the company will build 7,000 high-quality silos for the production of alcohol, resulting in an annual production of high-quality wine10.
The company will also consider reforms in the mix of ownership reforms, equity incentives, employee ownership, and mergers and acquisitions to introduce various types of investment.
To diversify the corporate equity structure, make internal restraints more effective, and introduce market-based incentives for corporate management and employees, and promote efficiency in the use of state-owned capital in high companies. The company is a model of strong wine, with steady growth in high-end and medium-end white wine after adjustment in 2015, with accelerated growth expected in 2017.
Master of Accounting in Eastern Finance and Surgery, in 2008 in the capital of the country of accession for research in agriculture and food and beverages, in 2011 in the Anshin securities for food and beverages.
Research, study of the food and beverage industry in East Hing Securities in 2013, nine years of study of the food and beverage industry, five years of study of the food and beverage industry.
China Agricultural University-California University, Berkeley, jointly trains a PhD in agricultural economics management. Joined the East Hing Securities and Investment Department in 2015 to analyze its own research views.
We have tried to report on the objectivity and impartiality of the content, but the views, conclusions and recommendations contained in the text are only for information purposes.
The information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investor on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report and hand them over.
Easily and may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies