Li Xiaojun's performance has risen consistently, with a 33 per cent increase in the net profit of 2017h1 in the same year, benefiting from increases in price increases and sales of white wine, and a 33 per cent increase in the company's net profit in the first half of the year, which is in line with expectations.
We continue to appreciate the reform effects of the new management, and believe that improvements in corporate internal management will greatly help the corporate brand to return to the high-end white wine trinity. Stock prices are now 19.41% longer in 2017 and Pe in 2018, respectively; net profits on listed companies are 1,467 million yuan, an increase of 32.73%;
After increasing from $620/bottle to $680/bottle (in the plan), in July, the price of single bottles was raised again from $680/bottle to $740/bottle, while the price of extra bottles was planned to increase from $740/bottle to $810/bottle. In addition, the company’s high-end sales of alcohol were growing rapidly, showing remarkable performance.
In the first half of the year, 2,478 million yuan was collected, representing a significant increase of 45.4 per cent in the same year, close to 50 per cent, an increase of nearly 9 percentage points in the same year, and a record high of 91 per cent in the Māori rate.
The net profit of the division is $670 million, a 29% increase over the same period. The 2q mark-up rate of 66.7% for the current season is not to exceed $1.299 per bottle, but a shortage of market goods is due to the psychological effects of the expected increase in market prices.
With regard to companies, we believe that the reforms that took place after the inauguration of the company's new management in June 2015 have been very effective and have been the main reason for accelerating the release of company performance since 2016. On the price side, given the adverse effects on companies of the previous “control premium” policy, the company is now on price adjustment.
On the product side, the company has made a drastic retrenchment of brands, focusing on three series of five items: the “Silves 1573”, the “Silve Age” and the “First Two” series, which proposes to restore the company's traditional product sales to historical excellence within three to five years.
In the area of plumbing, the company has focused on inventory and the promotion of distributors to ensure that pipeline stock is at a reasonable level and that the speed at which dealers order and raise money is controlled in a systematic manner. This is also the main reason why companies have pre-collected less than their counterparts.
Profit forecasts: The recovery of high-end white wine is now well under way, the company ' s high-quality alcohol has benefited significantly, the benefits of price increases are expected to be released gradually, and we estimate that the company ' s Māori rate is expected to be close to 70 per cent in 2017. (Expected compensation; er) is preferred, as follows: