• Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance)
The semi-annual 2017 report, published on the evening of 28 July in Cedars (000568), generated $5.116 billion in corporate revenue during the reporting period, representing an increase of 19.41 per cent; the net profit for parent owners was $1,467 million, and the high-quality white and wine business generated significantly increased product structure was further optimized
During the first half of the year, the company continued to improve its channels, steadily upgrade its brand position, and enhance its cultural and historical thickness, including through high-end activities. Brand cleaning advanced, with a clearer strategy for the five monoliths.
The growth in the middle- and high-quality liquor industry is evident, and the product structure is further optimized. Of this total, the high-quality alcohol industry earns 2,478 million yuan, an increase of 45.40 per cent over the same period, while the Māori rate rises by 2.25 percentage points to 91.23 per cent over the same period.
As a result of the increase in the sale of high-end white wine, the company ' s Māori ratio rose by 9.9 per cent to 68.33 per cent during the reporting period, the increase in marketing activity resulted in higher costs and a small decrease in the cost rate of 3.38 cents, mainly due to the low summer season for white wine sales, but with a modest decrease in performance and full company value.
Products with both competitive and brand effects exhibit a low-season pattern. The white wine industry has come in the second half of the year, with the effect of mid-autumn and national holidays, and is expected to increase further, completing the year's goals. The new management has a strong faith in corporate reform, and after more than two years of restructuring, the company is now largely organized.
Over, the bar code of low-end products has been significantly reduced, leading to three major brand lines, five single systems, full price coverage of consumer markets, and the development of high-end customer circles through a variety of marketing activities to recreate the brand image of the Xinzhou old cellar. The continued high-end rise in the price of white wine will also drive sub-high-end silos, features, etc.
It's a four-year-old wine with a strong brand name and a star's one-size-fits-all, competitive products on top, sub-end, middle end, and middle-end of open-source securities.
There has been a steady increase in goods, while companies have also opened fresh areas, actively engaged in the breeding of wine, cocktails, and have responded well to the need for health attributes of the audience following the upgrading of the "City Gate B" 5th floor, and to the fact that the company has been able to supplement the market with the big tunes, the sculpting, and so on.
New products, such as the "Balking Memory" , have been active in opening up young consumer markets and are looking forward to good results. We see that firm brand influence and highly competitive products will have a price-double effect in the future, and that management has strong confidence, clear strategic objectives, clear direction for development, and a sustained view of the company’s future performance.
Figure 2: Chonzhou history pb, Figure 1: Luangzhou history pe is an independent and objective source of the present report with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment consulting profession granted by the Chinese Securities Association.
This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not received, nor will I receive, direct or indirect disclosure of company-related information as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
(a) In the six-month period following the reporting date, the increase or decline in securities relative to the market benchmark index was defined as follows:
Underweight: Industry is weaker than overall market performance.