Price hikes + release performance determinations, steady growth and long-term development, Mahobo.
Incident: An announcement was issued by the Cemetery of São Paulo, where stocks were distributed in private and approved by the CVM. From 680 to 740 bottles, the unplanned price was raised to 810/bottles.
In the first half of 1573, 60 per cent of the mission was completed, the sales ranged from about 80 per cent to more than 4 billion. In our view, in the first half of the year, 1573.
The company took the lead in adjusting the prices of its products, as a result of the boom in sales and the high rate of growth. The price of the 1573 plant this time was 740 from 680 in the plan, exceeding the 739 price in the Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five Plan.
Sellers take out loans, and prices are stable between 680 and 710. As the pup and the P5s arrive, the competition will be squeezed by increasing the price of the plant, continuing to push up the market prices and retail prices, increasing profits from the channels, driving the distributors to prepare and raise money during the season.
Seller funds and stocks to prepare for the second half of the season. Mid-end wine continues to function and product structure continues to improve: according to micro-drink reports, sales in the first half of the year of the scaffolding have broken by 1 billion, projected to increase by 40-50% over the same year, and sales have reached Goal 6 for the year.
All right. In July, the cellar age again announced a price increase of $30,60 plus $10 per bottle. In our view, the overall supply and demand pattern of the upper- and middle-end liquor is the best in history, and the company ' s middle-end brand age and specials have continued to be closed for 17 years, along with channel policies.
The price of age and speciality, the inventory of channels, and the growth point of the cashier's products are constantly being built.
The company focuses on five monoliths, creating a ministry based on brand names, and concentrating resources on the rapid development of core brands. The new management, the Liu Lin Portfolio, has been overhauled, marketing channels have been flattened, and direct distribution models have been introduced.
In addition to the recent announcement of an increase of $3 billion in the amount of $3 billion for the brewing of alcohol, we believe that the firm ' s fixed assets and capital investment are chronically low, and that this time the company has implemented additional technologies to replace the high-end base of alcohol production while optimizing the quality of its products.
In the future, there is much better support for medium- and high-end alcohol use.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment proposals: We believe that companies perform elasticly in high-end white wine, that the price of high-end wine cellars rises, and that medium- and high-end growth leads to higher product structure, which is expected to lead to faster profits. Given the higher-end alcohol prices in the company, we raise the net profit.
2. Quizhou cellar: 4q16 ultra-high performance ups and ups and downs and ups and downs, 1q17 is on the way. 2. Quizhou cellar: overperformance, overplaying.
Growth - 2016 1028 East Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, has a portfolio investment advisory board