Lee Xiaojun followed the market trend to raise prices twice, and estimated performance ups and downs. We believe that this is consistent with market trends, consistent with expectations, and optimistic about the company’s performance throughout the year.
Keeping in view the reform effects of the new management, it was felt that improvements in the internal management of the company would greatly contribute to corporate goods: in the recent past, the price of the single bottle of the Core Product of the Company's “Breaths 1573” programme was raised from $680 per bottle to $740 per bottle, with an increase of $60 per bottle.
To 810 dollars per bottle, the price increase is 70 dollars. This is the second price increase since the end of March this year, from $620 per bottle to $680 per bottle.
The current retail price of the huts, while not exceeding $1.299 per bottle, has been increased to $1,300-1400 per bottle by the actual price of some stores, which are close to $1,500 per bottle, due to the combination of psychological factors that require multiple channels and the expected increase in the market price.
The state cellar is regarded as a competitor, the five grain fluids have already raised P5 to $739 per bottle, and the price has risen to $800 per bottle. And the current price of the “Norweg 1573” is over $700 per bottle, and the difference between the price of P5 has widened. As we mentioned earlier,
The ratio of institutional investors to the share in circulation a. The negative impact of the previous “controlled price guarantee” policy on companies, which had adopted market-following strategies for price adjustment, has been matched by market trends, and we are in the late stages of the market.
We believe that the successful reforms following the inauguration of the company's new management in June 2015 are the main reason for accelerating the release of corporate performance since 2016. On the price side, given the adverse impact on the company of the previous “control price” policy, the company is now following the price adjustment.
Market strategy. On the product side, the company has made a drastic retrenchment of brands, focusing on three series of five monoliths: “The State cellar 1573”, “The cellar age special” and “The first two” and offering to restore the company's traditional product sales to historical excellence within three to five years.
In the meantime, the company has invested in inventory and the promotion of distributors to ensure that pipeline stock is at a reasonable level, and has managed to control the speed of orders and payments made by distributors. This is also the main reason for the low level of advance collection by companies and their under-performance.
Profit forecasts: The recovery of high-end white wine is now well under way, the company benefits significantly from high-quality alcohol, and the benefits of price increases are expected to be released gradually. After adjustments in previous years, the company’s Māori ratio in 2016 was raised by Chinaresearchdept.
The expected remuneration (expected return; er) is as follows: