High growth in the cellar has released profit space, and the reform dividend is expected to increase on 28/08/2017, Mahobo.
Zhou  High-end wine cellars have maintained high growth, with low- and medium-end alcohol control and combing market prices: 1)1h17 company alcohol revenues of $4.99 billion, or 20.1 per cent, of which the high-end wine cellar series of $2.48 billion, or +45.4 per cent, were increased by +45.4 per cent.
The initiative to adjust the stock of distributors ' channels, to control the loans made by dealers, to boost sales during the first half of the year, to prepare and raise funds, thereby crushing the money and inventory of competitors, and to achieve a substantial increase in the volume.) The combined revenue from the medium branding of wines and specials was 1.2 billion, compared to +1.1 per cent in the previous year, below expectations.
Proactive price increases and product upgrades lead to an increase in the Māori rate.
The coil age is 60.3) Low liquor is growing again. 1h17 low liquor stores collect $1.29 billion, i.e. +4.0%. The company's low wines have been adjusted to high, medium liquor, and the bar-coded brands of the combing product have been able to get better, and the low wines have been growing again in the first half of the year.
Māori rises free profit space, and costs are generally manageable. 1) Driven by mid-end alcohol increases and structural upgrades, the 1h17 Māori ratio is 68.3%, and the same ratio is +9.9pt, accelerating the release of profit space.
Increased overall income and performance, enhanced channel and terminal control through channel flattening and fine management; medium-end and low-end alcohol thinnered through control of combing price systems and brands for the future.
Developments have laid the foundations. The PATI project has been audited with the promise of accelerating the landing, optimizing the quality of the product, and 1. The state cellars: price increases + stock performance are sure to replace high-end base alcohol production, and the dividends of future reforms are expected to accelerate.
Profit forecasting and investment rating: we think the company's elasticity in high-end white wine, high-end wine.
It is expected to accelerate the release of profits by uplifting the structure of the country’s cellars at a very high price.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board