(a) Real estate and real estate: strong growth in sales and clear financing advantages;
There has been a decline in both receipts and profits. There has been an uneven increase in corporate sales, management and financial costs, mainly as a result of the rapid expansion of sales and the increase in exchange rate losses. As at 2019h1, companies had prepaid $111.1 billion, an increase of 47.5 per cent compared to the beginning of the reporting period, advance receipts/business income of 1.26, an increase of 0.41 compared to the end of 18 years, with a significant increase in performance lock-in.
In the first half of 2019, the company achieved a contract sales value of $101,192 million, and in the first half of the year about 50.6 per cent of the total annual sales target was completed, with an expected rate of completion of the year-wide plan. In the case of the cruise ship operation, 257 cruise ships, or 71 per cent of the country, were hosted at Shanghai, Tianjin, Xiamen, Shenzhen Cruise Port;
As at 30 June 2019, the group land reserve was in total equity/flow (millions of shares).
There are now nine cities in the Bay Area where the Hong Kong and Zhaoqing housing markets are actively deployed. By July, the group’s dynamism has recovered, with a new surface of 1.53 million square metres being added during the month, which is expected to accelerate the process in the second half of the year.
In order to upgrade the structure of the industry, expand the size of the business, the company actively promotes the restructuring of the property module. The company plans to receive 22.35 per cent of the shares from China and buy 100 per cent of the shares from the commercial industry. The company will hold 543 million shares directly or indirectly from China.
A strong coalition of resources to build a flagship platform for property management will help in the future to enhance corporate integration and business management competitiveness. Since February 2019, companies have repurchased their shares in a centralized competitive exchange, and as of 20 June 2019, investment proposals: firm sales performance has steadily increased, indebtedness structure is healthy, financing has a clear financial advantage, and business leadership continues to be maintained.
The company is actively reforming its management system, accelerating the process of industrial restructuring, with significant land resources in the Bay of Australasia, and is expected to benefit in the long term from its policy of building the Great Bay and Shenzhen pilot zones. We predict that the market has grown steadily, with significant financing advantages.
(b) Events: the company recently released its mid-year report in 2019, which achieved operating income of $16,687 million, a decrease of 20.49 per cent in the previous half; and the actual sales of 5,152,300 square metres, an increase of 43.77 per cent in the same year.
The slowdown in the first half of the year, which led to a significant increase in the available resources, led to a decline in revenue and profits in different proportions. Corporate sales, management, and financial costs increased at an uneven rate, mainly as a result of the rapid expansion of sales and exchange losses. As at 2019h1, companies had prepaid $11.1 billion, up from the beginning of the reporting period.
47.5 per cent, advance receipts/business income of 1.26 per cent, an increase of 0.41 from the end of 18, with a significant increase in performance lock-in.
In the case of the cruise ship operation, 257 cruise ships, or 71% of the country, were placed in Shanghai, Tianjin, Xiamen, Shenzhen Cruise Port; the cumulative traffic was 1.42 million, or 81% of the country’s total.
As of 30 June 2019, the Group's land reserves amounted to 4.132 million square metres, an increase of 1366 million square metres from the beginning of the period;
In the second half of the month, the process is expected to accelerate with the construction of a new 1.53 million square metres of land.
Companies have a clear advantage in the direct cost of financing in the open market, with combined capital costs of 4.91% and keeping industry in the lead. Property restructuring has advanced in an orderly manner, stock buybacks have shown confidence to upgrade the structure of the industry, expand the scale of its operations, and companies have actively promoted the restructuring of the property module.
The company will hold 543 million shares directly or indirectly after the reorganization, with 100% of the commercial property subscriptions, and the company will hold 543 million shares directly or indirectly. Together, the company’s resources will help to build a flagship platform for property management that will in the future enhance the company’s combined strength and the competitiveness of its operations management.
Investment proposals: corporate sales performance is growing steadily, indebtedness structures are healthy, financing advantages are evident, and industry leadership is maintained. Companies are actively reforming their management systems to accelerate industrial restructuring and integration, with high-quality land resources in the Bay of Australasia region of Port-au-Prince projected.
Sales growth is robust, and financial advantages are clear
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.