(b) The company achieved operating income of $16,687 million in the first half of the year, a decrease of 20.49 per cent in the same year; and the negative growth in the net return on the basis of the six-month performance was mainly due to: 1) uneven distribution of completed construction and carry-overs, which resulted in a carry-over from the current period
(b) Three asset transfers from Shenzhen Seal Gardens, Beijing and Shanghai in the first half of 18, resulting in higher investment returns over the same period last year, with 11.38 per cent of the same decline in investment returns under the higher base. The company ' s plan for the completion of the area in 2019 was 10 million square metres, an increase in the same year.
In the first half of 2019, real estate achieved $10,1192 million in sales, an increase of 34.75%, and 51,523 million square metres in sales, an increase in sales.
The company successfully issued its first issue of corporate bonds in 2019, amounting to $3.5 billion, of which the company promoted direct financing in an orderly manner, abn was approved and acquired a $10 billion shelf for the purchase of housing.
1 Merchant Snakes (001979): Top half asset support letter of registration, launching $5 billion supply chain abs shelf registrations, high annual sales growth, prudent investment
Preparations and no-objection letters obtained through in-depth review: Corporate Consolidated Funds in the first half of 2019: Proposal for Investment: Merchant Snakes as a flagship company of real estate under the auspices of the Chamber of Commerce Group, Positioning Stabilized Growth, Land Investment Review
The company has sufficient reserves in the Bay of Australasia area in Hong Kong and will be well-received in the future.
3. Merchant Combines (001979): robust growth in performance, low financing costs, etc.); changes in the financing environment (mortgage, development loans, interest rate adjustments, etc.); business operations risks
(personnel changes, construction, land grabs, etc.); risk of exchange rate fluctuations; non-expected monetization of sheds; a decline in performance in the first half of the year, mainly due to the higher base for the same period last year and the lower carry-over; a decline in performance in the first half of the year, mainly due to the higher base for the same period last year and the smaller carry-over.
According to the data for the single quarter, operating income of 19q2 was $12.336 billion, an increase of 6.44 per cent over the same period; net profit from the mother was $2,272 million, an increase of 78.01 per cent over the same period; negative growth in performance in the first half of the year was mainly due to: (1) the uneven distribution of completed construction and carry-overs, resulting in a decline in the current carry-over; and (2) the first half of 18 years owing to the carry-over of the Shenzhen Seal Garden, Beijing and Shanghai
Three asset transfers led to higher investment returns over the same period last year, with investment returns falling by 11.38% on a high base over the same period. The Public Administration’s 2019 plan for the completion of the construction amounted to 10 million square metres, an increase of 101% over the same period, with most of the completion concentrated in the second half of the year, and we remain very confident of the company’s performance throughout the year.
Sales are stable, investments are cautious, sales are stable, investments are prudent. Real estate was sold for $10,1192 million in the first half of 2019, and in terms of reserves of resources, companies built 3,833.1 square metres in the first half of the year, a 49 per cent decrease in the same year.
Real estate sales in size ranged from 74.40 per cent to nearly 90 per cent of investments in second-line cities. Leveraging levels declined, financing costs continued to be low.
Support for letter of registration, start-up of 5 billion yuan supply chain abs shelf registrations and review through in-depth submission Obtaining no-objection letters: 4.91 per cent of the company ' s combined capital cost in the first half of 2019, an increase of 0.04 percentage points in comparison with the increase in the total cost of the company ' s combined funds, a flagship company, under the umbrella of the Business Exchange Group, which is positioned in leading cities and parks
Co-development and operation service providers are important core asset consolidation and business synergy platforms for the group. Companies have a sufficient stock of resources in the Bay of Australasia region in Hong Kong and will benefit fully in the future from the Gulf Development dividend.
2) Business risk as a result of policy adjustments: mortgage lending rates have increased significantly and home-buyer mortgage repayments will increase significantly; tax policies continue to tighten and real estate sales will be pressured, resulting in a decline in the scale of sales. 3) The financing environment is generally tightened: bank lending is tight, bond issue rates are high, increasing business mobility is exacerbated
(4) Business operations risk: changes in the cadre of enterprise executives and core business personnel, slow pace of construction, over-radical exposure to funding shortfalls. 5) Exchange rate fluctuations risk: exchange rate fluctuations are over-anticipated and the enterprise is exposed to increasing exchange rate risk.
6) Mocking of sheds is not as good as expected: the rate of monetization of sheds has declined significantly, the stock market in the three or four-line cities has been fully insured.