The decline in settlements affected performance, and sales growth remained strong - the mid-2019 mid-point assessment of the merchants (001979) The under-reconciliation of settlements led to a decline in performance and sales growth remained strong
The decline in corporate performance was due mainly to the impact of the clearing pace, as the completion of the project and the rollover time were mainly devoted to the development of the heart of the Australasia Bay region in Hong Kong.The financial leverage and financing costs were low, and as at the end of June 2019, the company was planning to develop a land reserve of 4.132 million square metres.
Land reserves amount to $16,686 million, and the company is deep into the Bay of Australasia area in the port of Cebu, and more development projects are under way, focusing on Shenzhen, the Crown Prince Bay area, the former Sea Mother Bay area, and so on.
The company’s new land project in the Bay of Australasia district of Shenzhen City included projects such as the Emmett stone of the Shenzhen city, the Kantang city of Shenzhen city, the Central Green Axis of Zhaoqing city’s new area, the South China Sea of Fushan city, and the wealth of new earth storage resources in the Bay of Australasia district. The company’s financial leverage was at a low level in the industry, 2019.
On the 15th floor of the Central China Sea International Center, 1,000th Hengsheng Da, Lujiang Gate Road, and Fukuda District, Fukuwa 6th tax-free.
China (Sichuan) Free Trade Experiment (Sichuan)
The company (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) is used by its customers. The company is not treated as a client by the recipient of the report, and has no direct business agreement with it.
This report is based on information that the company considers reliable and published, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of such information.
The opinions, assessments, and projections contained in the report are the only points of view and judgement that are available on the date of issuance of this report, and are subject to change without notice. At different times, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments, and projections contained in this report. At the same time, the prices, values and investment revenues of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in this report may fluctuate.
The company is not obliged to update the information contained in this report to all recipients. The company may modify the information contained in this report without notice, and the investors should follow up with the relevant updates or modifications.
The company seeks to report objectively and impartially, but the ideas, conclusions and recommendations contained in this report are for the information of investors only, not as an invitation or guarantee for the purchase or sale of securities or the subject matter of their investments. The views, recommendations, etc. do not take into account the specific purpose of the investment, financial position and specific needs of the persons to be obtained from the report, and consult with any professional financial consultant in the financial, tax and other fields. The company ' s previous relevant studies predict and analyse accurately and do not predict the accuracy of this report and this document.
The company and the author shall not bear all the consequences of relying on, or using, this report and other relevant studies of the company.