The Shinji Mountain Convergence has continued its new quadrupling, with a significant long-term advantage.
Reasons for the report: Annual Report and Evaluation Company Annual Report 2019, year 2019, companies realized $826.530 billion in operating income, corresponding to 6.88 per cent, and net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies, equal to $25.603 billion
In 2019, macroeconomic pressure, consumer \triangleright confidence was inadequate, six-car switching in the country exacerbated the supply-demand paradox, new energy subsidies fell sharply, and cars fell.
The market as a whole is under pressure, production and sales continue to grow negatively, and companies, as industry leaders, are more affected by industry, production and sales continue to grow at a negative rate and overall performance is under pressure. In 2019, the entire country sold 259.05 million vehicles (same as market data: 14 April 2020).
By comparison - 8.0%), 2,154,900 vehicles were sold by car (as compared to -9.1%) and 4,3566,000 new energy vehicles were sold by commercial firms, leading the industry by comparison, but the total was sold by comparison to the industry as a whole.
Overseas operations continue to expand, expanding the company’s marginal performance. On the one hand, companies are steadily moving forward with overseas \triangleright base building, improving offshore systems such as logistics, automobile finance, etc., and are setting the stage for the subsequent sustained expansion of overseas markets.
On the other hand, continued deep-deeping overseas markets, company whole-car exports and overseas sales further expanded, with companies exporting and selling 350,000 vehicles abroad in 2019, compared to +26.5 per cent, of which 186,000 were sold overseas by autonomous brands such as mg, maxus and so forth, compared to 186,000.
This represents an increase of 82.3 per cent, accounting for more than 50 per cent of the company's total overseas sales, and mgezs' pure electric suv, the top-secret global new overseas energy vehicle model, was ranked among the top local electric vehicle sales when it landed in the United Kingdom, the Netherlands and Norway in the second half of the year.
The outbreak affected the industry's short-term pressure and the company's long-term performance was stable.
With the effects of the epidemic, short-term burdening of car sales, and with the follow-up outbreak under control and demand overhang policy, the 7th floor of the intercentre is expected to stimulate some of the demand for cars to be released, and the company will benefit from being a passenger.
Sansai Securities Co. Ltd. proposes to sell around 6 million cars a year by 2020, with the city continuing to take the lead in the country, driving cars to new, quadruple innovation sites, continuing high R & D inputs, upgrading technological advantages, and scaling up.
Industrial chains, improved layout, and progress in plugging mixed power-drive gear tanks, fuel cell reactors, the igbt module, smart cabins, mobile interconnections, smart driving localization development, smart-wire combined-car public road surveys.
Financial, management, layout, etc. have accumulated a certain advantage, and, as company-related technology has gradually fallen, it is hoped that the company will further improve core competitiveness, expand its leading edge, and long-term performance of the company. 2020, affected by the epidemic, the industry as a whole has stressed down corporate profit expectations.
The \triangleright division continues to push for a new four-way car, a steady deployment of overseas operations, a wide range of vehicle types, technological advantages, a lead, a long-term competitive advantage, increased competition in the car industry, firm corporate leadership, a city.
In addition, the company’s valuation, which is at a historically low level, is expected to benefit from a gradual recovery of the warmer performance and maintenance of the “buy-in” rating. Significant adjustments are expected in the company’s industrial policy; vehicle sales fall short of expectations; overseas operations fail to advance as expected;
This report is presented independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
The person undertakes not to use the information available in his or her identity, location and practice for his or her own personal gain or for that of another person.