The q1 net profit under pressure is still positive 2020o1 at a low-volume-storey-priced production level: q1 at the same level as 56.9 per cent of the output of the group slightly lower than in the industry (over the same period -49.0 per cent).
Wholesale sales are equal to -55.7%, which is lower than industry (the same to -45.3%) and slightly more autonomous than the same level of decline. Channel stock level: 685 more gasses on q1, 70,000 fewer gasses on the public and 39,000 less gasses on the generals. Terminal discount level: q1 gas groups
2020q1 still achieves a net profit of positive q1 net profit, which is higher than the net profit earned, mainly because of: 1) operational affiliation
In terms of sex, the ratio of fixed costs to the vehicle sector is high, with net profit fluctuations much higher than income. 2) In terms of reporting lines, the Māori rate decreased by 0.3 pct from year to year, while the cost rate increased by 2.1 pc from year to year (changes in exchange gains and losses result in financial cost increases of 466.32 per cent), and two major joint ventures contributed to the main investment.
Under the central “stable car consumption” scenario, nine major local cities have introduced specific incentives for car consumption, and more local governments are expected to follow suit in the future. According to the Federation, on April 19, the previous 19-day traffic sales were equal to 5%, a further drop was made.
The impact of the fall in production and sales in February, the profit forecast and investment rating, stabilizing the tone of automobile consumption, and some local governments have put in place incentives for domestic use.
As industry leaders, the upper-mortality group is expected to follow the industry cycle and companies are at the bottom of the cycle, and the valuation is at a historically low level, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Company Limited has an investment advisory on securities.