The potential consumer car and car spare parts have been significantly downsized, and ownership and joint ventures have continued to be a good thing: the company released a quarterly report in 2020, yielding $10,594.7 million, down the same line.
The impact of the epidemic, the volume of corporate sales and revenue drops by more than 40%, and the vehicle industry, as one of the major asset industries, has led to a sharp increase in the pressure to amortize costs and a decline of about 90% in non-profits.
The auto industry is the front line, the joint venture and the autonomous brand are the front line of the industry, while the fleet of cars, commercial cars, auto parts and components are all well-placed, large businesses, leading the industry in a downside context, Mitsubishi is back faster than the industry, and the joint venture is short-term under pressure.
11,683/11,683 households in need of immediate demand and a certain amount of promotional activities to restore the general Mitsubishi brand model of the vehicle (millions of dollars)
The process is somewhat faster than industry, and Mitsubishi uses its institutional flexibility advantage to produce masks at the right time, expecting a positive return from a maximum/minimum figure of 12 months.
The upper gas group (600104) is under pressure, but its long-standing branding advantage continues, with the future of the industry returning to market advantage.
Upper Steam Group (600104), "Up Steam Group: Stand by for the recovery of the industry, take a good look at the joint venture." The problems faced by the company now are mainly due to a steady recovery in business and a contraction in overall sales.
The industry changes, and its own market reputations and technological advantages remain, and as the industry recovers from the bottom of 2019/10/13, the poles will re-emerging.
The Upper Gas Group (6001044).
Re-initiation of assistive brands, no loss of public power, import of new mebs and Audi brands to add to the stock - 2099/08/29, with a full view of the lines.
Investment proposal: A major drop in corporate sales due to the impact of the epidemic during the first quarter of the year has put short-term performance under pressure, but the company ' s position as a leader in the domestic automobile industry remains unchanged, with a strong autonomous and joint venture and a significant advantage in the gradual recovery of the industry.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report