The upper-mortality group (600104) company review - the upper-mortality group report 2019 - Volatile car markets, flat rates over time, short-term corporate pressure
In 2019, the company sold 6.238,000 vehicles per year, a 11.5 per cent decrease in the same year; among them, the sales volume of the upper-air and upper-gas-like Mitsubishis dropped significantly, from 1.6 million vehicles per year to 19 per cent per year; the upper-air-based Mitsubishis, 1.66 million per year, a 19 per cent decrease in the same-year decline.
Each year, as six-car swaps in five countries accentuate supply and demand tensions, multiple factors, such as the downside of domestic subsidies for new energy vehicles, led to industry downsides. In 2019, spending on company transport logistics fell by 16.4% compared to the previous year.
At the 2020 100th Automotive Conference, the head of the relevant division of the Ministry of Trade and Communications indicated that the new energy car policy for 2020 would remain stable and would not fall back significantly; this information was provided to the new energy automobile industry in 2020 and even to the Stewardship Group (600104): Volatility in the car market.
The rest of the world has raised confidence. Adding Tesla's high expectations of national production by the end of 2019, Tesla's performance is under pressure, and 2020 is expected to bring back * cars and auto parts * full of pon model3 in China's new energy car market, and is scheduled to be officially delivered in the second half of 2020.
The new energy models of the popular meb are now more competitive in terms of price and product competitiveness in China’s new energy automobile market. With the warming of the policy environment and the release of Tesla/meb, companies are expected to increase in new energy automobiles in 2020.
Xue Rainice fell by 9.6% in 2019 in China's car sales, while the luxury car sales, represented by bba, have remained positive. With the production of upper Odysium, Tesla, and the mass meb platform, we're going to be able to make the most of it.
The company’s performance is expected to improve; the profits of the lavish cars are generally higher, and the company’s performance is expected to be sustained. As a result, we expect the company to return 25,670 million yuan in net profits in 2020-2022.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association, has produced this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner.
The data used in the commitment reports are based on compliance channels and the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional integrity and competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects his research views and concludes by reasoning his judgement that the conclusions are not subject to any third party ' s approval or influence.
According to the Securities Operating Licence (z23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.E.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the CVM. The securities investment advisory business is the act of the institution that acquires the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and its consultants in providing securities investors or customers with relevant information, analysis, forecasting, and publication of securities investment to customers.