Xinhua Insurance (601336.sh)
Investment rating: buy-in (first time) Xinhua Insurance has increased the net return profit by 19 per cent to $5.88 billion on a year-on-year basis in the first quarter of 25 years, and the net return asset is lower than at the beginning of the year.
A decrease of 17 per cent to $79.85 billion, with a 67.9 per cent increase in the value of new business over the year, and a better overall performance, in particular: 1. We assume that the increase in net profit from maternity is mainly due to two main factors, on the one hand, the increase in insurance service performance (income from insurance services - cost of insurance services - cost-sharing of premiums) and the 28 per cent increase in the cost of insurance services over the previous period.
The increase of 5.2 per cent, driven by an annualized rate of return on Xinhua insurance of 25q1 and an increase of 1.1 pct2 over the same period, is assumed to be due mainly to the fact that Xinhua Insurance has managed accounting arrangements for asset and liability classifications: on the asset end of the 24-year period, Xinhua Insurance “financial assets measured at amortized cost” accounted for 37 per cent.
Far above the equivalent of 2-12 per cent for peers (in the case of life, peace, insurance), while amortization cost-measured financing does not represent a fair value and does not contribute to the capital gains of the creditor ' s assets during the cycle below interest rates, or is the central reason for the continued decline in Xinhua parent ' s net assets in recent years (23, 24, 25q1, respectively).
Financial changes in insurance contracts for gains/losses amount to $14.543 billion. Investments: higher equity positions, three pilot long-term investments in insurance funds have been made: 1; Xinhua insurance has significantly increased equity positions for 24 years; stock + funds (reference to industry, equity funds are mainly equity funds).
The size of the investment increased from $19.8 billion in the previous year to $30.71 billion in late 24 years, representing the highest/lowest profit position in total investment for one year, so that the financial indicators of the company are more sensitive to equity prices, according to disclosure, if equity instruments
2. Since 23 years of pilot projects by the Directorate-General of Financial Supervision to launch the Long-term Investment Reform of Insurance Funds, Xinhua Insurance has been involved in three phases through private affiliates, accounting for private companies as joint ventures using the equity method, of which Xinhua Insurance Proclamation and the life of the nation each contributed $25 billion to the establishment of Hong Ji-won.
Private Investment Fund (Shanghai) Ltd., 22 May 2025, Xinhua Insurance Proclamation to finance 10 billion yuan to buy the Fung Xing Xinjiang II Private Securities Investment Fund, and Xinhua Insurance Proclamation to finance $11.25 billion to buy the Fung Xin Xin Xin III Private Securities Investment Fund No. 1 of the Fung Xin Xin Xinjiang Investment Fund, 24 July 2025.
The long-term equity investment in Xinhua Insurance increased by $25.1 billion to $30.25 billion on a year-on-year basis; 3 and 24 years of total Xinhua Insurance return and combined investment return rates of 5.8 per cent and 8.5 per cent, respectively, were at the forefront of industry, reflecting better position and investment control.
End of liability: 25q1 hypes, but a slight delay in the transition is expected: \triangleright 1, Xinhua Insurance 25q1 Xinhua Insurance first-year premium increase of $131.5 to $12 billion per year, taking into account agency
While the number of people is still low and marketing skills generally do not grow significantly in a short period of time, we believe that the focus of the new menu is mainly on product strategies, i.e., traditional incremental life insurance, which is less difficult to sell (about three years), and the good start of a quarter, which guarantees the progress of a year-round mission.
However, it may also result in a build-up of the team's reliance on traditional risk products with short-term contributions, affecting the subsequent transition in sales of the Red Benefit;2 Xinhua Insurance has been growing rapidly in recent years, and the new value of the company's business has been growing rapidly from 13.5 per cent in 23 years to 40 per cent in 24 years, with 25q1 continuing its trend.
In the first place, the main obstacle to the follow-up conversion of red-type products, which increased by 94.5 per cent to $7.42 billion on a year-on-year basis over the long-term period of risk, was the modest cash dividend realized in 22-23 for some silver channel products (e.g. a steady two-full insurance), but the 24-year better Xinhua insurance investment rate is expected to reverse the situation.
Xinhua Insurance cash dividends totalling $33.7, 26.5 million and $7.89 billion, respectively, accounted for the recategorization of assets in the solvency table of Xinhua Insurance for the year 2002, 25q1, resulting in an increase in the core and combined solvency ratio by 60 and 39 pcts to 184 and 256 per cent, taking into account the relatively high share of Xinhua equity assets.
The minimum capital may be more expensive, and we believe that a successor company may increase the company by issuing a permanent debt. \triangleright Chart 6: The number of Xinhua risk agents is not positive: 10,000
Chart 7: Xinhua Insurance channels account for the share of nbv: % of the person’s personal opinion of the target securities and issuers. I have worked diligently, professionally and carefully, using information on legal compliance, and have produced this report independently and objectively, and no part of the person’s remuneration has been, has been or will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific investment opinions or views in this report.