The high growth in advertising and the convergence of the amphibious productions - the semi-annual report of the Mango super-magnet (300413) in 2021 - the high rate of growth in the harvest and the increase in the profit margin from the deduction of non-repatriate mothers
In the first half of 2021, the company achieved a revenue of $7,853 million, an increase of 36.02 per cent over the same period, mainly benefiting from a net return profit of $1,440 million, an increase of 47.67 per cent over the same period.
In the first half of 2021, Mangotv’s Internet video business achieved revenue of $5,898 million, an increase of 49.45 per cent. Discounting, advertising revenue increased by $7,475 million to 3,142 million over the same year, mainly because of the continuous updating of head ip’s record, of which Sister 2 was the largest single vendor in the first half of the year.
There has been a steady increase in the number of comprehensive N-advertisers, such as Fugitive 3; the growth in membership income has slowed somewhat over the same period from 23.05 per cent to $1.745 billion, mainly due to the larger base of income growth for members during the same period as last year's hot spots, such as Happiness, and looking forward to the second half of the year, with "Big Bros Scratch " .
On the other hand, the first series, such as the airing of popular art, the high-quality short play of the monsoon theatre, and The Song of Kings, is the first episode of the National Dollar Securities Corporation's study - Mango Supermix (300413) event:
In the second half of the year, the project was launched, and it is worth looking forward to. In the case of the arts, the Cyclops 3 and 6 have continued to enjoy high-profile heat, while the Department has developed such innovative products as the talk show " Listen to Sisters " , " Job Watch " , " We in the first place " , and so on.
In the context of the episode, the company ' s video production team was expanded to 24 and its production capacity increased, and in the first half of 2021, the production of approved content was increased and the platform ' s technical capacity was upgraded.
In addition, the company has incorporated the short play into the Mandalay, creating the “Down-Down-Down Theatre” to satisfy Ping.
Women users are looking at the rigidity of short play content. The company is looking at a lot of art, the monsoon theatre is getting better, platform traffic and value are expected to continue to grow, content is not as good as expected, mini-man power business is not growing as expected, and so on.
The report is presented independently and objectively, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association. The data used in my commitment to the report are based on compliance channels, and the logic of analysis is based on the professional integrity and competence of the author, and this report is clear.
A description of the securities investment consultancy business, according to the China Securities Commission ' s Licence to Run Securities (z23834000), gives S.E.S.C.S.C.C.C.C.A. certificate of approval from the CSRC.
A securities advisory service is a basic form of business in which securities investors or clients are the recipients of relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority, i.e. the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related influences of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, or securities-related products.