Ali proposed to transfer the shares, three quarters of which showed a good look, and the report of the Mongo Super-Memorial (300413) event.
Ali created an agreement on transfer in December 2020 of $6.2 billion in strategic mango overflows, with market value in circulation (millions): 25 days to complete the registration of shares and become the second largest shareholder of the company, with shares locked for a fixed period until 2021
In September, Ali created an agreement to transfer 93,647,857 shares of his company, which would no longer be held, after the transfer had been completed, and applied for an exemption from its commitment to hold shares during the commitment period in which the shares were locked.
The Mango Supermedia Board has agreed to this exemption and has submitted it to the Shareholders Assembly for consideration.
In July-August, I was able to achieve a positive growth in the number of effective channels for the production of ciprograms, and in July-August, my brother was so hot that he was so hot, he was so hot, he was so hot, he was so hot, he was so hot, he was so hot, he had to catch up with her, he was so popular, he was talking about it, he was looking for it.
"Study by the National Dollar Securities Corporation - Mango Supermix (300413) in 2021: "The country has a very good score of 8.2, 160,000 plus, which is the first to mark a new summer show in Bean Pavilion."
The urban family play, "Grandma's bracelet" and the first of the monsoons, "The Sky Crisis." According to cloud-based data, there was a 2% increase in the number of Mongo tv2021 summer series (June-August), with the impact of the monsoon theatre and Mr. He's unforgettable, and the same number of shows.
Questmobile shows that the number of active and monthly users of Mangotv has increased significantly since July, reaching 0.47 million and 250 million by August, and that the growth in the income of platform members and advertising is sustainable.
We believe that corporate and state-owned media license plates, resources, policy leverage, and market-based dynamism have a comparative advantage over other platforms in a context of tighter regulation, accompanied by high-quality aggregates that are not performing as expected, new business developments are not developing as expected, etc.
The report is presented independently and objectively, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association. The data used in my commitment to the report are based on compliance channels, and the logic of analysis is based on the professional integrity and competence of the author, and this report is clear.
A description of the securities investment consultancy business, according to the China Securities Commission ' s Licence to Run Securities (z23834000), gives S.E.S.C.S.C.C.C.C.A. certificate of approval from the CSRC.
A securities advisory service is a basic form of business in which securities investors or clients are the recipients of relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority, i.e. the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related influences of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, or securities-related products.