The Mango Super-Mechanism (300413) report, which is expected in the second half of the year, is an update on the Mango Super-Memorial (300413) event.
Corporate grant-making projects, central and central capital transfer funds, and the participation of the Global Fund in subscriptions. 4.5 billion grant-making projects, enabling platform content production + technical capacity upgrading, of which 60,228.9 million shares were allocated for transfer of capital and $3 billion were allocated; the Central European Fund was allocated
For the company’s shareholders, Hunan Tower is still the firm’s realist, with the capital transferred to the company’s second largest shareholder, and the explosive is a powerful aggregate, helping to increase user viscosity and scale. The second half of the year, with a concentration of energy, the heavy weight of "Big Brother" will be on the line in August.
According to cloud data, Mango tv 6 3
In addition to the innovative art of the country ' s leading divorces such as "See Your Lovers" and "Brothers with Cows" in generation-to-generation observation, "Brothers with Swords" was launched on August 12, and aired on Thursdays and Fridays at noon, with strong guests, including 33 brothers from Li Yundi and Qin Quan Quan.
"Study of Mango Super-Memorial (300413) " , "Study of the Mango Super-Memorial " , by the team of Wu Neversi, which is guaranteed programme heat and slogans.
The monsoon theatre continues to produce high-quality short plays, which are clearly broken in circles, and the Mangotv monstrosity theatre has aired Wolf Hunters, Truth of Lies, all into Yeon's 2021q2 show.
"Study of Mango Supermixes by the National Dollar Securities Corporation" (300413) reports: "A man's state of life, with a double-heated tone, a pea petal rating of 8.3, followed by "Grandmother's bracelets", "The monsoon theatre is about to open, the bottom line is killing the pip."
According to cloud data, in the first half of 2021, the share of female users of Mangotv solo fell by 8 pct compared to the same year, of which 78% were male users of Wolves, suggesting that Mangotv was effective in the user circle.
Increased funding for the production of corporate content, continued activity in the second half of the year, with users showing less than expected content and less than expected growth in the business of the small Mandarin.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report were based on compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly reflects my research views and makes reasonable judgements that lead to conclusions that are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.I.S.S.C. has the qualifications for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.C.C.
A basic form of enquiry is the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related effects of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, etc.