Mango supermedia (300413) Media attributes highlight mainstream values at the South-West Securities Research and Development Center
• Events: 1) Ali, a shareholder of more than 5% of Mango super-manufacturing shares, created an initiative to transfer all of the agreements to their holdings, accounting for 5.01%; 2) Mango tv under Mango super-mango banners and the Chinese Writers and Publications Group have entered into a strategic partnership to develop high-quality content products together:
As a national platform for positioning the media, the mounds of the company’s core R & D business are largely derived from the creative and nurturing systems that have developed over the decades and have nothing to do with the outside world.
So, we believe that Ali's withdrawal does not have a clear substantive impact on Mango excess overall operations, and does not have to worry too much.
The Chinese Writers and Publishers Group is an organization directly led by the Chinese Association for the Advancement of Women, under the banner of author publishing houses, literary journals, literary journals, etc.
The Mango super-media and author publishing groups, working together, will make a strong contribution to the country’s mainstream culture-building strategy, facilitating the mutual promotion of literary theatres, building on the strong flow system and coverage of Mangotv, and promoting the classics.
Literary spread and development in the new era. The monsoon theatre is becoming branded. At present, some media question the effects of monsoon theatres, but we disagree. We believe that the current situation in monsoon theatres reflects the company's play.
At present, the monsoon theatre is on the line with about five works, with the following: Wolf Hunters (917 million copies, 8 volumes, 114 million copies); The Truth of Lies (980 million cases, 1 million copies); The Crise of the Heaven (717 million copies, 12 volumes, 1 59 million copies); and Grandma's bracelets.
Sub (644 million copies, 14 episodes, 46 million copies of a single collection). We compare the single series of monsoon theatres with the monthly head show of the video of the same evaporation, which, in addition to the clear lead of Black Storm, has a single episode of average and monsoon theatre plays between Bo and Bo. So, the monsoon theatre is one.
A brand-new product, which we believe has demonstrated the success of monsoon theatres, in a context that is far short of the flow of video footage.
Three-quarter user data are expected to rebound. In the current situation, the flow of three-quarter mango online and third-party statistics is expected to be significantly better than in the first half of the year, leading to a significant improvement in corporate user data.
3. Mango supermixes (300413): lies go further
At 1.97 yuan, 33 times the pe, 25 times the pe, 22 times the pe. Given that the company's users in the last three quarters have a chance to bounce back, the emotional impact of the Internet policy is gradually easing, we maintain the Mango super-movement, 4. Mango super-movement, 300413: script kill, give you another.
Mango excess media (300413): high quality content driven, long q1 performance over expectations (2021-04-27) 6. Mango supermedia (300413): content advantage enabling performance
Performance, multi-operational development (2020-10-29) No direct or indirect compensation will not be obtained for any of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report. Southwest Securities Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “MSC”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.