The advertising industry has increased its visibility, and the special art series has continued to produce high heat.
Quality content continues to produce high heat, Internet video business has grown overall, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. Companies publish their semi-annual report for 2021, which achieved operating income of $7,853 million (+36.02 per cent); net profit is now available to the mother of $1,451 million (+31.52 per cent). Companies generate operating income of $3,844 million in the second quarter.
(+26.19 per cent); net profit of 678 million yuan (+8.70 per cent) on the return to the mother. During the reporting period, there was an overall increase in company Internet video; the business income of 985 million yuan (+18.51 per cent) in the production of interactive content in the new media, mainly as a result of the growth in copyright distribution and income from the ip derivatives of the company ' s high-quality plays and the overall arts.
Keeping in motion the content advantage of the high growth in advertising and membership income, combining ip derivatives with the new business model of the power provider, and consolidating the leading role of the new mainstream value media platform. Based on 2021h1 performance, I. Quixana 2 ' s offer-in-the-market market-led advertising revenue has increased and user circles have continued to expand.
2021h1 company's advertising revenue of $3.142 billion (+74.75 per cent), the company's Ace P-Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi
At the same time, in terms of membership, the company continues to drive the user break-up process, the male user of Wolf Hunter has a preference of 170 tgi, which is expected to increase both the flow and the stickyness of the content. • In the second half of the year, Brother will contribute to a significant increase in performance, followed by a promising growth in new capacity.
The company's annual heavy-weight mastery, "Big Brother with Graves" became a hot spot all over the Internet on August 12th, and the company's update report, 2021q1, performed super well. According to the cat-eyes, the "Big Brother with Grapes" aired 136 million times on the first day of the line, six days.
It is expected that the storm theater will break into a promising circle 600 million times, exceeding the performance of "Sisters on the Wind" during the same period. The company is currently stocking widely-attended dramas such as "The Sky’s Crisis," "Introduction for the rest of its life," and popular art such as "Star Big Detective 7."
The Corporate Information Update Report - 2020 is a good addition to the company’s rich new performance in the second half of the year. Performance, “Integrator+Electrator” drives future growth.
There is uncertainty about the success of the exhibition.