Reasons for reporting: Performance announcement
The platform ' s operations are growing rapidly, building a high-quality content ecology 0.64 pct, -0.06 pct on 18 August 2021. 3) The cash flow of the business activities of the firm 2021h1 has improved significantly, amounting to $402 million net.
Nearly 34 times higher than the previous year, mainly affected by the increase in returns from happy sunshine sales. At the end of the reporting period, the contract was negative. Market data: Mangotv remained strong on August 17, 2021, and advertising was growing at a high rate. Mangotv operates with happy yang.
Realization of operating income alone by $6,753 million, an increase of 45.96 per cent in the same year and a net profit of $1,386 million, an increase of 32.84 per cent in the same year. 1) Advertisement: Innovative models such as the CMC project, a head-tip and a single-point breakthrough, and custom-made polycrystry show high growth, with 21h1 achieving revenue of 3,142 million.
) Members: based on good quality content, by promoting staff transformation, precision marketing and heterogeneity cooperation. 21h1 members achieve income from their businesses. Businesses: 31 provincial administrative regions, over 300 million households, fine-tuning the iptv industry in the Ministry of Operations.
To promote localization and customized product services; to explore the value of big screen advertising in order to work with manufacturers for the development of ott's business. 21h1 generated revenues of 1,011 million yuan, an increase of 38.63 per cent compared to the corresponding increase of 38.63 per cent; and to create high-quality content production through creative mechanisms and medium-level capacity.
The production business generated income of 985 million yuan, an increase of 18.51 per cent over the same period. 1) Multi-purpose arts: online for the reporting period, Ming Xing Big Detective 6 escaped from the Secret Room 3 and comprehensive n generation and innovation arts such as Grandmother and Mother 2 Romance Travel 5 and We in the First Entry to Work, which are among the top rankings of the Showing Index of Ye Eun; 2)
20th floor of ITC, 69th West Street, Taiwon City: 79 shows on the line during the reporting period, including 23 short plays. The monsoon theatre is open from the beginning.
In addition, the company has been active in setting up the microscopic course and incorporating the Great Man plan to create a “Down Dinner Theatre” to meet the different needs of female users.
His business: company music copyright revenue increased by nearly 40 per cent over the reporting period, the number of music libraries expanded further and the production model of a series of music projects was introduced; artist brokerage achieved higher growth under the low-base effect of 20h1, making full use of group content production advantages to nurture artists, and enhancing artist culture management and education;
Two classics, P.P., and its derivatives, are called "The Big Star" and "The Secret Room Breaking Out" , developing the script killing platform for cloud management, and developing collaboratively on-line and below-the-line development of the Mangom-City brand downstream. 4) The Ministry insists on self-regulation as the core building a high-threshold content barrier and building its own strong content production team (20)
Based on a broad-based team + 24 video teams + 30 strategic studios, and supported by continuous and improved creative mechanisms, including programme production centres, project boards and smart mid-stations, upgrading content production standardization, jobs, and happy purchasing transitions, and a new-generation technology platform, business board.
The block covers commodity development, community operations, business town operations, live operations, user growth, etc., with Mangoip as the backbone for building the ip joint name and feature content and brand transformation links. Investment proposal: Mango supermedia is a web-based video platform with a state-owned media background, maintaining integrity in content production.
Value orientation and bottom-line thinking. Recently, the Mango tv monsoon theater, " I'm good in my hometown" and the ancient opera, "Ace the King's Song" , both warm and famous. August 12th, "Big Brother with the thorns" was on the line. First of the first week's show, 500 million was aired well above all the other art in the same period, q3 mangotv was multiple.
It is expected that the company will present this report independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
You will receive any form of compensation, directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendation or opinion contained in this report.