High growth in advertising earnings and strong content advantages Investment rating: Increase (maintenance) Corporate performance in the first half of the year was excellent due to "Sister 2" performance in the first quarter of the year.
The performance on the content line was relatively modest, but it generally maintained a positive growth of 2020q2, with the first half of the year in line with our expectations. In the first half of 2021, corporate advertising revenues rose sharply, members grew 74.75%, mainly based on head-pip's new hiring record, which was "Cruising in the Wind"
Sister (second quarter) is the largest single project in the first half of the year. Members receive 1,745 million yuan, an increase of 23.05 per cent compared to 23.05 per cent at the beginning of the year.
Income growth has slowed, and in the second half of the year, members are expected to return to high growth rates with the airing of popular art such as " Bro with thorns " , the excellent gathering of monsoon theatres like " I'm good in other parts of the country " , and the headlines like " With Kings Song " .
In the first half of 2021, corporate content production revenues grew, and efforts continued to consolidate content production advantages. In the first half of 2021, companies generated $985 million in business income for the production of interactive content in the new media, an increase of 18.51%.
We've been on the line for three days and we've been on the line for three days, and we've been on the line for three days now, and we've been on the air for more than the same time.
At the time of the episode, the development strategy of the self-built studios and the external strategic studios was followed, with 24 video production teams and 30 strategic workshops of the New Mangang Plan producing their own content. In the first half of 2021, Mangotv was the focus of 79 films.
The show, the Mango Seasonal Theatre, the first short play model (70 minutes in a single series of 12 episodes), The Wolf Hunters, The Truth of the Lies, I'm Good in Other Country, The Expatriate Media, Netflix 1.221q1, which is more than expected, is the King's power.
For the first time, Mangotv's home-made play, Life of the Wise, was introduced, while the company incorporated the short play into the Great Man plan, creating the “Down-Down Theatre” to meet the rigid needs of women users of the platform for short-time content.
In derivative development and play business, the two major ips of Star Big Detective Big Room Breaking have accumulated a large number of pamphlet members who are keen to decipher the scene, the company's development of a script to kill the business cloud platform, and 3. embrace a changing high-quality head content platform.
And it's going down the industry chain, building the Mangom-City Star Flagship, and we believe that the company's foundation for attracting young female user groups through polymagnetic pip is going down the line, and it's continuing to enrich the platform content ecology, making users more sticky, and helping to attract more new users.
In the first half of the year 2021, the content dealer focused on users, setting up the "Context creation-kol crowd creation-ip content professional output" link. In the first half of the year 2021, the content vendor generated $931 million, a decrease of 2.36%. The "Master" electric operator officially came online on 1 January 2021 and was positioned as a new generation stream.
The Conservator Platform, which actively explores user-oriented content creation - kol crowd creation - ip content professional output - has a pyramid link with a strong content pip matrix, customizes programming co-financing, and creates a brand-based base. We believe that the population of the small Mandarin.
The location of the user properties of the natural mangotv platform is expected to create a complete closed circle of “grazing + mowing,” based on the company’s dominance in the long video content field. Targeted fund-raising is close to $4.5 billion, moving to become the company’s second largest shareholder.
Equity, raising funds close to $4.5 billion. This increase was eventually contracted by middle-capital transfers (the full-capital-movement subsidiary), the Central European Fund and the Global Fund of Merit, which received about $3 billion, $800 million and $700 million, respectively, and the shareholding share of middle-capital transfers rose to 7.01 per cent, making it the second largest shareholder of the company.
The amount of $4 billion raised will be used to expand the content resource base, and it is planned to purchase a network of six S-class cinemas, exclusive copyrights, home-made 11a-class copyrights, and 18 S-class copyrights, which will provide sufficient financial support for the business development of companies that do not come.
Industry regulation is more stringent than expected; competition in the industry is increasing; the programme is less on-line than expected; the announcement is less than expected; users are growing less than expected; and the media is marketed with content strategies and investment experience.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.