Mango supermedia (300413) Reported mid-2021: Performance in line with expectations, content online, rhythm disturbing the growth of members, but H2 is expected to recover
▪ The core video platform business, which is driven by investment in a series of hybrid and extra-code dramas, continues to grow at a high rate. 2021h1 Internet video business achieved revenue of $5,898 million, an increase of 49.45 per cent over the same period, of which: 1) advertising revenue amounted to $3,142 million, an increase of 74.75 per cent over the same period.
The largest amount of money in a single project, a steady increase in the number of ads for a comprehensive N generation project, represented by ip from "The Secret Room Breaking" (Quarter 3), "The Wives' Romantic Travel (Quarter 5)", and a head show such as "Sensey Life" 8090, " Growing Up Together with you" and custom-made art.
) Members' earnings are stable, with $1.745 billion. Members' income growth has slowed, but there are hot spots such as h2 "Big Bros with thorns" , "I'm good in other parts of the country" and "A Songs with Kings" .
In the province, iptv has increased the value of its users, its own copyright content has gained significant advantages, and its operations outside the province have a potential for sustained growth.
New media interactive content-making and content-maker business meet market expectations. New media interactive entertainment. Mango tv has a total of 24 film-making teams, which is a significant increase from the 12 film-making teams at the end of 2020.
Overall strategy for focused users, further integration of traditional business represented by television screens and external calls, annual reports and one-quarter reviews in 2021: performance in line with market expectations, high-quality content drive
Billion dollars, roughly equal, and by the end of h1, there were 405 employees in the mini-mand power company, and it was expected that the platform ecology would continue to grow robustly, and that this would be followed by an increase in the capacity to operate in commodities, content, platforms, and drive new growth in the company's operations.
2021h1 cost rates have remained stable. The distribution of sales/management/research and development costs of the 2021h1 company is quickly reported as expected, the monsoon plan and Xiaoqiang have increased, the management cost rates have slightly decreased, and we expect the follow-up cost rates to remain stable overall.
• Maintenance of the “buy-in” rating, taking into account the strong growth in advertising and H2 headlines versus 3, Mango Super-Mechanism (300413);
With strong performance growth, both medium- and long-term growth, content production and operational capacity, market shares are expected to continue to rise, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.