August 19th, 2021.
The mango supermix (300413.sz) Yang Xiaojun.
A high-income advertising company values and perpetuates branding influence, and advertisers’ recognition of the value of mango tv platforms is increasing.
Millions of yuan, an increase of 74.75 per cent over the same period. 1.745 billion yuan, an increase of 23.05 per cent over the same year, has slowed slightly. Mangotv's mobility and big screen members are still at a high level, waiting for the second half of the Young Mango Festival.
We are optimistic that the 50 million member targets will be reached throughout the year, and that the multiplicity of polymagnets is expected to drive a rapid growth in membership.The operator's operations are expected to generate revenues of $1.011 billion over the reporting period.
The share of middle-capital transfers rose to 7.01 per cent, replacing last year ' s Ali ' s equity offer, becoming the second largest shareholder in Mango supermarkets, and companies further introduced strategic investors to safeguard long-term values and to see the future performance of operators working closely with mobile operators.
The Mango monsoon project was launched in May 2021 and the Mango monsoon project, which was developed jointly by Mango and the Hunan Vigilance Network, was officially launched and tested.
It's 170. The company's current production team has reached 20, and it's going to cover 10 short plays on the media industry, doubt, family, realism, women's emotions, science fiction, etc.
In the third quarter of 2020, Mango Supermax (300413.sz) reported that the inner matrix built the moats and the new ecological expansion will continue. We believe that a high-quality and diverse short series of plays will not only be effective.
The annual and quarterly review of the company's Galaxy Media Network has increased user stickyness, which has helped to drive users to break through and gain new growth potential.
On April 30th, the 2nd Growth Curve between the Mandarin and the Underline, "Star Biggest Ecology" was opened as Mangom-City, the country's first showhouse.
In practice, Mango's "m-city" script kills Changsha Flag Shop with high quality service, the style of sun currents, and "Five Ones" of "Star Detectives" ip. The holiday camp alone collects more than the sum of one month's revenue from other Changsha scripts.
On January 1, 2021, the Small Manslayer officially came online and sought to break through the long video track bottlenecks by using the power vendor model.
At this point, the city of Manchuria is in a state of rapid growth, and it is in a position to match young people’s beauty-students, such as Chinese uniforms, tidal games, and ip derivatives, with a variety of special products.
In April, the "Yun Xiaoqing Night" Chinese dress show, and July, the "Ying Mango City" promoted an organic combination of "Video+Containers" to achieve a vertical breakthrough. With regard to below-line connections, Mango came on line in May, with Mango's “Friendly Room Breaking Out” (quarter 3) pushing.
Mangotv's effect on the flow import of small mango traders is clear, and according to seven-meat data, head-line ecstasy key time nodes like Wave 2 have a clear traction to small mango apps.
We believe that the company’s powerful ip matrix will be combined with the mini-man powerer’s depth to explore a unique way to realize the content. The investment proposal is that the company will have plenty of reserves in the second half of the year, and we're looking at the company’s new business prospects, Vi.
The profit projection remains unchanged, with companies expected to be owned by shareholders of listed companies in 2021-2023. Risks of review or review of the content of works, increased market competition, etc. Figure 7: Change in downloads by Manapp Small (iphone end)
Table 1: Mangotv and Huannan Guard 21h2 Reserve Multi-Arts and Theatres I have undertaken to present this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.