The Chinese aircraft (000768.sh) are growing faster, and the trend is better.
The company issued three quarterly reports in which it collected $19,496 million in the first three quarters, an increase of 26.93 per cent in the same year, and a net profit of $127 million for the mother, an increase of 7.58 per cent in the same year.
2. Our analysis and judgment (i) double-digit growth in revenue, overall business development towards good corporate growth, $19.496 billion in the first three quarters of the year and double-digit growth in the same year.
This reflects an overall positive trend in the company’s fleet of civil-military aircraft and air spares operations. But the company’s combined Māori rate has declined by 0.56 percentage points, which is higher than the reduction in the cost during the same period, and income tax costs have increased significantly by 87% over the same period, leading to a significant increase in the current period.
The net return is only 7.58% higher. In the long run, given the low level of net corporate interest rates compared to their international counterparts, we believe that the rapid growth in revenue will lead to a significant increase in corporate profitability in the future with the introduction of military price-fixing reforms.
(ii) The company is expected to continue to benefit from the significant development of the domestic aviation industry.
The company is in a position of importance in our strategy of “two dry” as a result of the production of the core structure of the vortex 21 passenger aircraft, which is now gradually entering the production phase by means of a large-scale national-produced military transport.
The National Civil-Military Integration Development Report, drawing on the volume of transport equipment from abroad, will require hundreds of 20 series aircraft in the future to meet the needs of the Asian region, with a total value of $1.1 trillion, and an additional 6.1 trillion globally.
The Asia-Pacific region will be developing in the world air transport market, and we believe that, as the demand for civil-military aircraft increases in the future, a sequenced release of company capacity will boost the income and performance levels of the company.
76x and 61x. We believe that we have benefited from the significant development of our aviation industry, and that the value of the company is expected to be gradually highlighted by maintaining its “recommended” rating.