China Group (002311.sz) Agroforestry and Fishery Feedsii Inc. discloses its annual report 2019 and its quarterly report 1 2020. The company achieved operating income of 47612.559 in 2019.
The total sale of car feed was 12.29 million tons, an increase of 15 per cent over the same year, the revenue from feed sales of $38,985.18 million, which was affected by the same decline in the outbreak of hog disease and domestic pig stocks, with company sales of pig feed falling by 28 per cent over the same year in 2019, or about 1.67 million tons, a decline that was largely consistent with the decline in total industry, with a slight increase in the Māori rate.
To benefit from the replacement of poultry for pork and the increased capacity of poultry farming, the company increased its sales of poultry feed by 35% on a year-on-year basis in 2019, about 7.11 million tons, the Māori rate rose by almost 2 percentage points on a year-on-year basis, the company increased its sales of poultry by significantly more than 22% of the total industry, and its share in the poultry market continued to rise. Unlike poultry substitution, water production rose in 2019.
Substitution effects on pork are not obvious, continuing the low trend since 2018, where the total volume of the aquatic feed industry grew by only 0.3 per cent on a year-on-year basis. By expanding its market share, the company achieved a 13 per cent-on-year increase in the volume of water feed sold, at about 3.51 million tons, with special water feed sales increasing by more than 20 per cent, and the average aquaculture stock growing by more than 20 per cent.
The sales are almost equal. While the Māori rate for company-specific aquatic feed has increased slightly in the same year, it has been affected by a 2.28 percentage point decline in the same year for universal water feed, with an overall decline of about 0.69 percentage points in the same year for corporate-owned water feed.
In 2019, the company realized $574 million in sales revenue, an increase of 21.28 per cent in the same year, and the Māori rate, an increase of 6.72 percentage points in the same year; and the pig industry, an increase of 6.72 percentage points in the same year.
The company’s performance in the first quarter of 2020 exceeded the market forecast prior to the performance announcement, and was better than we expected, mainly because: (1) the company actively resumed production during the epidemic.
Farming households provide productive goods and in-depth and efficient services, which have led to a negative growth in the number of corporate farmers and distribution channels, a steady increase in the share of the city and a steady increase in the amount of feed; (2) the company produces pigs, benefiting from such factors as the company's recent production of pigs, improved vaccination measures, expansion of farm capacity and a quarter of high pig prices.
Although the new crown epidemic had put pressure on agricultural production resources to transport and consume meals at the beginning of the year, and feed farming was in a difficult phase, companies had once again demonstrated remarkable resilience and industrial competitiveness in the face of adversity. “Crisis” had a “problem” in it.
But the impact on small businesses with less financial and service capacity is likely to be even greater, with the prospect of accelerating the concentration of the market’s share in top firms, such as the Sea Group. As we continue to focus on the Sea Group, the logic is that: (1) 2020 is a relatively small year-on-year pressure on the base.
Basic trends are expected to enter a recovery cycle in 2020, with an over-expected first quarter of performance exceeding the initial upward fundamentals judgement; (2) a gradual second quarter of a year of marketed aquatic feed; and (3) a global aquaculture view of China, a sea feed watch of China, and a sea conglomerates are expected to continue to be the preferred Chinese quality in the future.
Assets; (4) opportunities for cross-annual valuation swaps. Different from the view of the market public: (1) due to the impact of overseas epidemic imports, domestic disease control measures are likely to last longer this year, and some industries are expected to be more affected by this year’s full-year fundamentals, with an advantage over the sea.
This well-performing, visible and sustainable diversity of large groups may benefit from rebalancing domestic funding; (2) if overseas funding is rebalanced and inflow a share is stabilized, the group is expected to become a preferred type of foreign investment (global aquaculture is seen in China and Chinese aquatic feed is seen in China); and (3)
A “rebalancing” of the configuration may require us to join this year’s framework of investment analysis for the big ocean group. The risk of price volatility of raw materials, such as fish powder and corn beans, is expected.