Watch 20 years of feed plate growth, continuous release of pig-breeding operations Research assistant Kim Hao, 19 years of under-restricted sales of aquatic feed, mainly due to: 1) the effects of African pigpest in the industry
Some pig feed companies switch to poultry, generic aquatic production lines, and face cross-border competition, special aquatic species of raw fish, beads, etc., have fallen and sales have increased by about 10%. Because of the same 70% increase in the sale of fodder such as small lobsters, crabs, gold mackerel, etc., this has led to a 20% + increase in the special water.
And the Māori rate has risen slightly. Throughout the downturn in the aquaculture market, companies have increased barriers to competition and increased the share of aquaculture markets by continuously increasing investment in research and development, building new products, boosting product power and deepening services.
There have been signs of an increase in aquaculture prices over the past 20 years, and it is now expected that the impact of the new cycle will increase. The impact of the disease will gradually decrease, with traffic continuing smoothly, downstream meals recovering, terminal costs recovering, and prices for water products such as fish and shrimp rising, which is expected to stimulate the expansion of the harvest.
All year round: On the one hand, after 19 years of intense competition, the whole pattern is marginal. On the other hand, species such as raw fish, sea bass, etc., have recovered 20 years after 19 years of low prices and supply contraction. High-end inflation is the weight of the company.
In a dotted direction, more than half of the $2.83 billion worth of debt-transferable funds released this year are invested in high-end, inflated materials projects that will support the future growth of the main industry.
In 19 years, the outbreak of swine fever in Africa led to a growing gap in the supply of pork, with a steady increase in farm meat production of 4255 feed plates in 19 and a 21.3 per cent decrease in the number of tons of pig-breeding operations.
Profiting advantages of the layout of the 2020-04-10 domain and product lines, fast-tracking of strategic layouts, partial production capacity, personnel, etc. 2, Sea Group (002311): year-round
Switching to poultry, sales grew at a rate of 35% in 19 years. At the same time, with excellent cost controls and high feed plate growth at a robust rate, pig-breeding operations have led to a profit of tons of poultry and a similar increase of 2 pct.
Q1 poultry sales continue their 19-year growth trend over the 20-year period of Step-Live Profit 2020-02-14, with a steady recovery in end consumption as the new crown outbreak is brought under control and will provide a good boost to subsequent sales of poultry.
3. Sea Grand Group (002311): The main industry is growing steadily, and pig farming is expected to contribute profit elasticity. 2019-10-22
In 19 years, sales of non-pest-affected pigs have declined significantly, and 20 years of marginal improvement are under way. The African swine plague has affected a significant reduction in the stock of live pigs, while demand for pig feed in the second half of the company’s core market, South China, has fallen by the same 70-80%, resulting in a 28-per-cent decline in the company’s total stock of pig food throughout the year.
However, as a result of companies’ active efforts to optimize product structures and improve service systems, the recognition of pig feed brands continues to increase, increasing profitability, and the Māori ratio increases by 0.5 ptt.
The company produced about 670,000 pigs in 19 years, the previous three quarters were largely at a profit balance, the average national sales price was 35.5 yuan per kilogram for the fourth quarter, which increased significantly over the same period, contributing 100 million + to the overall pig production. The 20q1 pig production was about 90,000, and the farm was about 70 million. It was expected to produce about 1 million pigs in 20 years, with a continuous increase in the share of piglets, further improving the cost.
In the early days of the epidemic, the conditions for the production of feed were limited and transportation was difficult, but the company responded quickly and, in an environment conducive to the country’s support for agricultural production priorities, actively resumed production and supplied the farmers with production materials.
Profit predictions and investment ratings: We believe that the new crown epidemic has had a relatively limited impact on 20 years of performance, with companies expected to achieve high-yielding protected rivers in 20-22 years, a robust feeder industry that is expected to contribute profit elasticity, and a “buy-in” rating.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board