20q1 feed plate growth steady, pig-breeding business releasing profits
▪ There are signs of rising prices for aquaculture, and it is to be noted that there has been an increase in the sales of water products during the season. Transport is now running smoothly, downstream meals are recovering, end consumption is recovering, and prices for water products such as fish and shrimp are rising, which is expected to stimulate seeding and boost the sale of water during the season. On the one hand,
On the other hand, species such as raw fish, sea bass, etc. have recovered 20 years after 19 years of low prices and supply contractions. High-end inflators are the company’s priority layout, with $2.83 billion released this year.
More than half of the funds available for debt swaps are invested in high-end inflation projects, which will support the future robustness of the main industry.
The strategic layout, which shifts some of the production capacity, personnel, etc., to poultry, has grown by about 30% in 19 years, with a better continuation of the trend in 20q1. As the new crown epidemic is gradually brought under control, a sustained recovery in end consumption will provide a good boost to the subsequent sales of poultry.
▪ In the process of improving the margins of pig matter: sales of 20q1 pig matter have continued to narrow at the same time; year-round, as downstream production resumes, the amount of pig food sold is expected to pick up. Production of pig production continues to contribute profit elasticity: the company's 20q1 pigs are expected to be in the range of about 100,000 by year.
The average national sales price of $36.6 per kilogram was nearly three times the average price for the same period last year, contributing about $50 million to farming. The overall elastic contribution was about tens of millions due to the loss of 19q1 farming.
The company’s share of the market continues to rise. The early stages of the epidemic led to a steady increase in feed production, a steady increase in feed plate sizes, limited pig-breeding operations, and a certain difficulty in transportation, but the company responded quickly and in the country’s agricultural sector.
Step-Live Profits 2020-02-14 Actively recovering production in an enabling environment supported by production priorities, production materials for farmers, 2, Sea Grande (002311: fodder)
At the same time, there is a model for improving the combination of online and offline services, with a reverse increase in the number of farmers and distribution channels, a steady growth in the primary sector, a promising growth in pig farming and a steady increase in the market share.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: We believe that the impact of the new crown epidemic on 20 years of performance is relatively limited,3 and that the Big Sea Group (002311); product plus pipeline development, procurement, services, operation of a synergized moat and a robust feeder industry
Long, pig breeding is expected to contribute to profit elasticity, maintaining the “buy-in” rating!