Certificates International Watercourses International -- Policy support to protect industry development, low financing costs, and sustained massive support to keep the curve open.
Investment value analysis report for Paulie Development (600048.sh) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Local and central government policy support for the real estate sector has been increasing since November. Market demand has been activated by the lifting of restrictions on purchases, interest cuts, etc.
The policy has led to a significant improvement in the industry’s financial environment, which has helped to boost industry confidence and prevent further spread of industry credit risk. As industry leaders, Paulie will take the lead when the industry recovers.
Pauly financing costs have an absolute advantage, providing adequate ammunition on a large scale for subsequent expansion, while low financing costs can effectively reduce financial expenditures and increase the profitability of the public sector, thereby increasing the competitiveness of the Paulie market and achieving a virtuous circle of low-cost financing.
As of November 2022, the company was ranked first in the industry in terms of land size and reserves sufficient land resources for the company’s subsequent development. Depending on the market climate, the overall value of the land was low.
At a later stage, the Division’s likely rate of growth in the market of the built-in and real estate has hit the bottom, and the project’s Māori ratio has been impressive. The company’s growth in future performance in the first and second-line cities has been expanded, and there is much scope for future performance growth, with the prospect of a curve, and the net return profit over the next three years will remain at a composite rate of 12.03%.
Multiplier; taking into account the size of the company and the growth of its future performance, the company was given 9-11 times the amount of money per sale in 2022, which was less than expected; settlement progress was less than expected; policy performance was less than expected; and marketing costs were less controlled than expected. The basics of the real estate sector have been falling since the second half of 2021.
In November, the sales of merchandise houses remained at the bottom of the country, and there was some pressure to restore the basics. In January-November, 1,213 million square metres of merchandise houses were sold, or 23.3 per cent of the total; the sales amounted to 11.86 trillion yuan, or 26.6 per cent of the total.
At present, industry sales are still at the bottom, with a modest improvement in single-month sales, which, according to the Statistical Office, have increased by more than 30 per cent in November, both in terms of sales and in terms of area of sale, as compared to the same month.
Thus, the demand side of the real estate sector as a whole remains weak. According to data from the Chinese Institute of Research, in January-November 2022, a total of $672.68 billion was sold by Top 100 housing companies, a decline of 42.1% compared to the previous month, with a decrease of 1.3 pct compared to the previous month, with Top 100 firms having a decline of 34.4% in single-month sales.
4.9 per cent. The sales volume of more than 100 billion housing companies is 19, 16 fewer than the same period last year; more than 10 billion housing companies are 100, 45.6 per cent and 49.9 per cent less than last year, respectively, with a similar downward trend in the sales of 100 strong housing companies, which, according to HF data from the core city, have been at the bottom since November.
2. The land market continued to operate at a low level, the land market was generally in a relatively low state in 2022, and the size of our national reserves was further reduced compared to last year.
The average premium on the plots was also low, so this year was also a window period for the well-funded housing business “preparation.” According to the Institute's monitoring data, the value of the national land inventory was 0.76 trillion yuan during the year, as at 30 November, compared with 1.45 trillion yuan for the same period last year, a decrease of 47.59 per cent. The land area of the country was 84,555 million square metres during the year, compared with last year's data for the same period.
It is 53.77% less than the corresponding figure for 18,287.8 million square metres. Observing the distribution of land markets in priority cities, it can be seen that the main forces in the land this year are corporations, state companies, local platforms, and local leading private enterprises.
Real estate policies have improved since the beginning of the year. In particular, since November, the “three arrows” have become more supportive of real estate financing, and demand-side policies have opened up. The convergence of demand-side policies is expected to help market property quickly.
1) Three interest reductions: the Central Bank reduced interest rates three times in February, May and August, with a five-year reduction of lpr5bp, 15bp, and 15bp. 2) The mortgage rate was raised twice: the first mortgage rate was reduced to lpr-20bp in May, and the first mortgage rate was cancelled or reduced in September.
(3) Downscaling of Provident Fund Loan Interest Rates: Reduction of the first set of Provident Fund Interest Rates 15bp in September. 4) Taxes and charges: March, no expansion of the real estate tax pilot during the year, September, introduction of a policy on home swaps.
Three arrows: measures such as untying home equity refinancing. 1) Support reasonable financing for housing enterprises: stable development lending, State-owned and private-sector equity: bond finance buybacks, guarantee increases, loan refinancing support; encourage trust support for reasonable financing. Loan concentration management is extended. Stock refinancing is comprehensive.
2) optimized supervision of pre-sale funds: insurance bonds can replace pre-sale funds. 3) Mitigation measures: support for mergers and acquisitions by high-quality housing enterprises, support for amc-restricted housing enterprises, etc. (4) insurance schemes: property funds, policy-specific loans, etc.
Since November, the central policy has been growing, with the real estate sector being driven by the “three arrows” of the policy, setting the stage for the recovery of the industry. From bail-out to safe houses, the real estate sector has reached a difficult policy turning point.
1. The company's main business is the leading business in the real estate sector, and the main business is the development and sale of real estate, and it builds on this.
The multi-dimensional system of industrial development, such as building property services, globalization management, sales agents, business management, real estate finance, etc., has for many years been the top five in a row, leading the world. The Pali Development Constabulary has its original focus on real estate investment development, and the Stereotypes extend the “real estate ecology”: through connections of talent, capital, technology, information, etc., are committed to becoming the world's most dynamic.
In 2022, Paulie was ranked 190th in the Forbes world and won the industry leader's name, Top3.
The company has always adhered to a “one-wing” strategic approach, focusing on the development of commodity-based housing and the development of “Habitat”-related services. In the case of residential products, a series of “respect, good living, goods, and secure tenure” has been created, representing the brands of the ‘Technology’, “and Light” systems.
In addition, the company is actively developing secure rental housing, expanding its apartment operations, and building a secure home.
100,000 units; 25 urban renewals, responding to the country’s strategy of rural revitalization, to help the entire population live in shared prosperity. With excellent capacity to build, operate, and service, the development of Paulie has developed considerably in the areas of property, hotels, trade fairs, shopping centres, urban public construction, and the upgrading of the old city.
The industry is committed to holistic management, creating an integrated service capacity, led by community residential property services and led by global management, urban services, and launching a series of real estate service brands, such as “Friendship and Home, 4-hour Episodes, Oriental courtesy, Neung's Clothes, Towning China”; the Poly Business Brigade has developed a product system in the area of consumer services, such as Time Square, Poly Square, etc., in hotels.
It has created a series of brands, including “Norya, Yato, shibuya, Elya”; the old-age service plate has created a number of industry labels, such as “and Xanax”; and in the industrial operations service, it has created a brand of international-level integrated operations services, with high-quality coverage of major events such as the Wuhan Games, the Western Safety Games, etc.: at the same time, large brand shows such as the Well-Being Fair, the Old Fair, etc.
2. Corporate Core Competitiveness Analysis 2.1 Management takes root and shares are stable
In addition to attracting venture capital, companies’ ability to develop steadily was demonstrated. On 30 July of that year, the Paulie Development Proclamation, in accordance with the relevant regulations of the State Committee of the State Council on the management of cadres, agreed to the resignation of Ms. Song Guang Ju from the position of Chairman and Director of the Corporation due to his age, with Mr. Liu Ping, former Managing Director of the Corporation, taking over as Chairman of the Corporation.
On 18 October, the Board of Directors decided to appoint Mr. Zhou Dongli as its General Manager and Mr. Wang Iv as its Financial Director. On 29 October, the Shareholder General Assembly elected Mr. Chen Guan and Mr. Hu to serve on the Board of Directors of the sixth session of the Corporation. This led to a smooth transition for the Paulie Development Management Team.
2.2 Focusing on the core cities, focusing on the equity ratio. Companies have a rich land resource acquisition experience, a scientific investment assessment system that accurately captures the pace of the market, depths the value of each plot, and guarantees the efficiency and accuracy of investment decisions. At the same time, companies have diversified land resources.
Acquiring capacity, building a resource acquisition system that includes billboarding, urban renewal, industrial expansion, mergers and acquisitions, etc., has created a strong resource consolidation capacity that guarantees companies sustainable access to low-cost project resources. With excellent resource acquisition capacity, companies have stored good quality and reasonable land resources, with 38 nuclears in recent years.
Core urban reserves remain at over 75%, housing stock accounts for over 80%, and reserves meet the company’s two- to three-year development needs to ensure the company’s sustainable development. Companies are concentrated in second- and second-tier cities, with a focus on sustained population inflows, industry, policy support, and market capacity.
In 2022, the new earth reserves were located mainly in first-line and new first-line cities. In terms of money, the more than 10 billion cities were Shanghai, Guangzhou, and Fuoshan. Shanghai, Guangzhou, Hoyochi, to eight, Xiamen, Nanjing, and Fuoshan to five. First-line and new-line cities accounted for 82.4% of the total.
In recent years, property companies have entered new cities in an effort to quickly seize their share of the market, and cooperative development has become a trend. In recent years, Paulie has also opted for a cooperative model to develop new property projects in order to increase performance.
By the end of November, Paulie had developed full-calibre sales of $40.11 billion, equity sales of $268.8 billion, equity of 67.18 per cent, and industry ranked in 2017.
3. Corporate business analysis 3.1 Real estate operations are steadily increasing and two-wing operations are developing in tandem
With increasing competition in the real estate sector, Paulie introduced in 2016 a “one-wing” strategic layout, focusing on real-estate investment development, with integrated services and real-estate finance as the backbone for building a platform for real-estate eco-development. The real-estate owners adhere to the strategy of “cities + urban clusters” to strengthen elite management and maintain industry leadership.
New track, looking for a second-growth curve. Corporate real estate development grew steadily as income from the main business, reaching $10.154 billion in 2022h1; 3.2 sales were the highest in 2021, leading the profitable quality industry.
By November 2022, Paulie had achieved full-calibre sales of $40.11 billion, the second largest in the industry. The company ' s full-calibre sales in 2021 amounted to $53.85 billion, an increase of 7.1 per cent over the same period.
As of 2022q3, Paulie achieved business income of $156,437 million and a net interest rate of 12.08 per cent on sales, leading the industry.The company achieved business income of $28.5 billion in 2021, an increase of 17.2 per cent over the same period, a more robust increase in the size of its revenues, a net profit of $37,189 million, and a net profit of $27,388 million from its mother, ranked third in the industry.
It is clear, but Paulie has remained above 12%. 3.3 The sales-control rate is better than the industry average.
The company’s two fee rates have declined steadily overall in recent years. As at 2022q3, the company’s sales rates and management costs were 2.38 per cent and 1.95 per cent, respectively, and sales costs were down by 0.21 pct and management costs increased by 0.04 pct compared to the end of 2021. The company’s two fee rates had been properly controlled and were at a lower level in the industry.
By standardizing design products, Paulie develops a mature, stable, reliable construction system that integrates “design-material-construction” and sustains an iterative construction system and process standards.
3.4 Three red line indicators remain green, low financing costs. Corporate assets and liabilities are well balanced, have a reasonable duration and type of debt, meet the green line criteria of the "three red lines" and balance risk preparedness and scale expansion capabilities.
Active cash flows are positive and sales return rates have remained at their highest level of over 90% in the long run. At the same time, companies have a strong cash flow and a strong financial position in terms of bank letters, corporate debts, votes, etc., and are more resilient to risk. As of 2022q3, Paulie's asset liability, net of pre-collected accounts, was 77.9%, and a net liability rate of 66.4%.
According to the Chinese Institute, of the 90 listed housing companies, 29 are green; 22 are yellow, 6 more than at the end of 2021; 17 are orange, 10 more than at the end of 2021; 22 are red, 3 per cent more than at the end of 2021; and 3.0 per cent more than at the end of 2021.
Paulie has recently been successful in issuing the sixth and seventh interim issues of 2022, with a total interest rate of $5 billion, with a rating of $10 billion for medium-term instruments and short-term finance vouchers. On November 18, no more than $9.9 billion in debt was issued.
The CVM approves the registration of vouchers. Under the industry’s downward trend, the financing advantage is highlighted. 3.5 The uncarried guaranteed income has been sold, the sales return rate has been high, the size of the second-line city has increased, and there is much room for future performance growth, and it is hoped that there will be a turn-over.
Third, performance projections & valuation analysis (1) revenue structure: property sales remain the company’s current core business, accounting for more than 90% of the total, and the next two-wing business will continue.
We assume that income will be settled in the third year after the sale of the property, and that the proportion of proceeds carried over over three years will then be 0.40.5/0.1. Selling is weak, but the government has put in place a series of liberal policies, and the company’s land reserves are mostly concentrated in second-line cities, where future cities are expected to be in the future.
(3) Real estate sales: Revenue from real estate sales is largely dependent on carrying forward sales due to the real estate development cycle. For the Māori rate, the company ' s Māori rate has entered the downward route as a result of the carry-over of previous high land price projects and price-limit policies.
A large amount of land is available during the window period, and it is expected that the company’s carry-over Māori rate will be gradually restored as the project unfolds. As a result of the real estate item (4), two-wing operations are well under way in recent years: the company’s two-wing operations have grown at a compound annual rate of over 30 per cent, and (5) the three-fee rate: the company’s standardized construction processes are at a leading level in the industry and the company is now well-established.
We expect that the company, as a leader in the real estate sector, will benefit from the overall recovery of the industry to be the first to be revalued. The company will continue to operate well in the real estate industry, actively opening up new growth points in the real estate-related business, and will be rich in quality.
Resources, absolute leadership financing advantages and managerial competencies in the industry are expected to support the company’s performance. We expect public (1) pe&peg valuation analysis to compare p(ttm) valuation criteria with 6.97 on 23 December, which is currently at a three-year split.
Compared to the average and median value of the second-tier industry and the relevant comparable companies in the real estate sector, and taking into account factors such as the size of the company, the scope of the main business, the nature of the company, and the selection of the comptoirs, Vankoa, Goldfield Group, and HVO shares as comparable publics. Compared companies are now below the industry average in 2022, the valuation of the estate flagship is currently low.
In 2022, the average estimated value of the Shinwan second-degree real estate development block was 16.05 times higher than that of the Department. Given Paulie’s branding advantage in the real estate development industry, the company’s standardized product lines, and the wealth of pegs are at a very low level compared to comparable companies.
(2) An analysis of the valuation of nav according to which the financial report for the development of 2022q3 quarter was attributed to the shareholders of the parent company at 2013.446 billion yuan, the contractual liability at $457.919 billion and the inventory at 86.4448 billion yuan. As at 2022q3, the development of Paulie had been sold but not carried over 45.779 billion yuan, the company
At the end of November, the Chairman of the CVM was able to propose at the annual financial conference “explore a system of valuation with Chinese characteristics to promote better market resource allocation.” The current valuation level of Paulie’s development is well below the industry average, and the future will be followed by a substantial increase in the valuation of Paul’s development as the application rules return to a normal and reasonable level.
Deputy Prime Minister Liu Xuan of the State Council pointed out that real estate is the backbone of the national economy and made it clear that a new supportive policy to follow up on the development of the real estate sector will continue. Centrally reintroduced the “pillar industry”, which augurs well for the country's transition to a stable development through tight regulation of the real estate sector.
By the end of 2021, the rate of urbanization of our resident population was 64.72%, and there is still much room for urbanization in the developed world at about 80%. In the coming period, urbanization is still at a relatively rapid stage, which means that there is enough room for demand to support the steady development of the real estate sector.
With the company’s carry-over revenue from uncarried projects and its entry into the market for land window reserve projects, the company’s revenue and profitability will be further enhanced. The state is currently encouraging housing restructuring, and Paulie’s development, with strong financial power and project operations, is expected to generate land reserves for “breathing thunder” houses at lower cost through mergers and acquisitions.
Division “Recommends (first time)” investment ratings. Benchmark indicator description: a share-headboard benchmark is 300 in depth, start-up panel benchmark is start-up, start-up panel benchmark is 50 in size and Northward submission benchmark is 50 in depth;
The Hong Kong share is based on a consistent index; the US share is based on a standard 500 index. 1) Sales are not as good as expected. The confidence of current home buyers has not been restored, and most of the buyers are looking forward, so sales return to warmer speed or will go 2) to settle their income is not as high as expected.
The failure to deliver on time has implications for completion and settlement. 3) The policy has fallen short of expectations. Good real estate policies are ongoing, but they may not be as effective as expected, given the short period of time from which they are released.
4) Marketing control costs are not as controlled as expected. The prevailing real-estate market environment is not favourable, and marketing overhead costs may arise in order to achieve sales and a rapid return of cash flows, which may lead to a lower than expected control of the marketing rate.
This report has been produced and published in Hong Kong by H.E. China-Toon Securities International Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) and is a 33-year-old voucher dealer with license plate No. 1/4/5/9 issued by the Hong Kong CVM.