Industry integration drives internal growth, confidence is being restored to the sales of the helper back spring, 27 October 2022.
The company’s introduction of shareholders, including Hong Kong Central Clearing House Ltd., Taekang Life Insurance Co. Ltd., and China Securities and Finance Corporation with limited shares, and the company’s change of management in July 2021 were intended to ensure the firm’s smooth growth.
\triangleright, January-September, claimed 53 billion yuan, after 78.4 billion yuan and 63.1 billion yuan in China, the area of interest was ranked second in 3.79 million m2, with 76.4 per cent of the land area in the second line of cities;
At the end of the market: the company has laid out the country’s core cities, with a large quantity of high-quality earth reserves, while benefiting from a sales charge of 4.11 per cent below the industry’s average, allowing the company to adopt a relatively flexible marketing approach. The full-calibre cumulative amount for January-September 2022 has reached $3201 billion, after Viet Nam, Huai Hua, and China Yu.
The \triangleright property company has reached 523 million m2, a 22.15 per cent rise in the same area, with the company ' s size ranked first two in the industry; (2) the company operates 20 hotels and conference centres at the Paulie Hotel under the company ' s banner and is in the pipeline.
The real estate financial wing continues to grow in size: the company owns the ISF (40 per cent direct shareholding), the capital (45 per cent direct shareholding) and the three operating boards of the peace (49 per cent direct shareholding) operating well over the long term, with an optimal liability structure. (1) The company has been operating steadily since 2019 due to the epidemic and the market.
Chenliyj@mszq, com, despite the pressure of profit, achieved an increase of 4.40 per cent in corporate contract liabilities and advance payments, covering 1.5 times the year 2021.
The profit growth space remains; (2) the three red lines of 2022h1 are green and consistently better than the industry average, and investment advice: (1) the financing end: the company, as the leader of the real estate industry, has a lower financing cost; (2) the marketing end: the customer has sufficient confidence in the delivery of the product; (3) the investment end: the cost of land is now generally higher in the earthcoat market
A comparison of the values of the traditional conglomerates and the mixed ownership of the country's capital sector, Vankoa, Combines, China Development and Goldfield Group, with a company's valuation of 6.7/5.9 times the forecast of profits in 2022/2023, has a greater advantage than the average of comparable companies or in terms of capacity development, covering for the first time and giving a “recommended” rating.
\triangleright and expectations; marketing fees are not as controlled as expected.1 Innovative management models and enabling companies to develop smoothly
1.1 From Guangzhou to the whole country, the corporate strategy has evolved over time. In 1992, the Guangzhou Poly Real Estate Development Corporation, as a leader in the development of Paulie, was established in Guangzhou's Stars.
Management, in which Paulie developed as the subject of liberalization of operations; in 2002, the Paulie Group initiated a reform of the stock system that upgraded Paulie from Guangzhou to Paulie Real Estate, Inc., while Paulie developed a national development strategy to seize the strategic opportunity period of rapid urbanization and move out of Guangzhou, mainly along the broad line of Kyoto (along axis)
In 2006 in a shareipo, the Department issued two additional corporate debts in 2007, 2009 and one in 2008, and during the 29th anniversary of the development of Paulie, the corporate securities acronym was formally changed to “Paly development” and the securities code remained unchanged.
In the new era of development, the construction of a new development blueprint around the strategic advantages of “good living” has begun to be built around the development strategy of “one main two-wing” and the preservation of the strategic advantages of real estate. In 2002, Paulie introduced a “three-in-one, two-in-a-kind” strategic orientation to make the building strong.
Mainly in the production sector and mainly in the central urban layout, commodity houses are dominated by residential development, combining rolling development income with operating income from the property industry, combining capital and operating assets, holding tight on the window period of the rapid development of China's real estate development industry, depending on capital markets, exploring diversified development models, and helping enterprises.
The company then upgraded the “two combinations” to the “three combinations”, emphasizing a combination of scale-up and efficiency enhancement, which allowed for a rapid expansion of the gold period in the industry, with net profits doubling during the “12th and 13th” periods.
1.2 Organizational restructuring leading to the company's re-launching of the Japanese company announcement that Zhou Dongli was appointed as the company's general manager and nominated as a candidate for the board of directors; Wang Yiff was proposed as the company's financial director; and Zhang Wei, Liu Wensheng, Ban Zhihua, Zhang Yinghua, Liu Yingchua and Tang Shang were appointed as deputy generals
Manager, Huang Hai has been appointed as Secretary of the Treasury. The management of the company has been successfully re-established, and the new team has led the company's emphasis on figure 2: the structure of the organization after Paulie's re-election.
The company’s shareholders include its parent company, Pauly South Group Ltd. (37.69%) and China’s Pauly Group Ltd. (2.80%), Hong Kong Central Clearing Company Ltd. (4.81%), Taekang Life Insurance Co. Ltd. (4.11%), China Securities and Finance Co. Ltd. (2.98%) and others
(47.6%)circ} As industry competes into a hot white phase, the 2016 development of Paulie is timely in presenting the vision of a “one-wing” strategic layout, a “real estate eco-development platform” that integrates upstream and downstream resources in the industrial chain, seeking second
Figure 4: Paulie's development of a “one-headed two-wing” business strategic layout
In the development of real estate, the company has developed a series entitled “Hot, Good Live, Good Live, Safe Live” which represents brands such as the “Technology” and the “Light” systems. Respectiveness: branding is better suited to the demands of high-end people and creates living spaces that satisfy the spiritual aspirations of the top, representing projects such as the Paulie Hayd Park and the “Technology” series;
Housing: branding as a series of medium- and high-end improved products, changing the living environment in the old city, creating a mature, comfortable, tasteful and high-quality habitat atmosphere and sense of belonging, representing projects such as Air Central Paulie, the Paulie Jasmine Palace, and concubine: brand positioning as a “home for the liveer”, transforming the city's periphery into a mainstream conglomerate
The community, Jane's cozy, is represented by Paulie Gardens, Paulie's Lily Gardens, Paulie's Spring Escape: “nature and beauty” is the concept of identity, creating a new living environment for the intellectually rich, and by Paulie County, Metropolis, and Poly Central.
Paulie's development has evolved from a “life-wide residential system 1.0” to a “life-wide residential system 2.0 — well-collected and community” to a five-dimensional system of aesthetic values with a core value of pleasure, face, sperm, intelligence, health — and a new product system — and a fine dress, and a fun landscape — that meets people's higher standards of living.
Fig. 8: The D-Paulian system, as well as Dust-Pauli and Light Products Integrated Service Wings have pushed the property management panel to the capital market and made breakthroughs in areas such as asset management, health, fairs, production finance. The Integrated Service Wing is built around the extension and innovation of the industrial chain, around the needs of the population.
In conjunction with the national strategic orientation of boosting domestic demand and consumption, the provision of value-added services in the community, social services (at the grass-roots level of society), housing rental services, housing brokerage services, high health, leisure services, fairs, gold garments, etc., meet the needs of the population for various types of services and form a system of excellent services that provide a one-stop integrated approach to the better life of the people.
Real-estate finance is based on industrial financial services, operating industrial capital.
2.1 Land expansion through the cycle, good-quality land storage support development, and the position of 2.1.1 at the top of the list, highlight the fact that Paulie's development has been at a large pace of land acquisition, and that the land area has been in use since 2017.
Over 17 million m2 and an average increase of 20 per cent in the same area between 2018 and 2020, even as a result of the intensification of the “shelter-free” melody in 2021, the promulgation of the “triple red line”, the “centralized housing loan management” policy, the increased regulation of the financing end-of-end and the increased regulation of pre-sale funds, the acquisition of 17.51 million m2
In January-September 2022, the amount and size of the land held by the company was the third highest, and the investment strategy was the same. In January-September 2022, the Top30 company received a total of $72.74 billion in land and $78.4 billion in land.
The dollar, the central sea, 63.1 billion yuan, and the Paulie development, respectively, are in the third place. In terms of the size of the land, Pauline was ranked second in the order of 3.79 million m2 and, although the same figures are still low, the drop has been from 90.7% in January-February, and the company’s willingness to take land has gradually risen since the first quarter of 22 years, and the reverse is expected to raise the market even further.
It also represents a certain degree of willingness on the ground to expand the market, starting in the third quarter of 2021 (the second concentration), with Paulie developing lower ground intensity, which kept the sales ratio below 30%. In the 22nd quarter, due to successive outbreaks in Beijing, Shenzhen, and Shanghai, the company's willingness to expand went further, until the outbreak stabilized.
In the second soil shoot in Shanghai in July, Paulie registered 12 plots of land and eventually acquired five plots of land from Kading, Yang Pui, Luang, Putu, the largest winner, and three quarters of the company acquired them in Shanghai and Guangzhou, respectively.
2.1.2 There has been a marked decline in the number of companies entering the city, with the proportion of second-line cities increasing.
City. An analysis of the cities of Nadi in January-September 2022 and January-September 2021 shows that the number of urban developments in Bolivia has been reduced from 55 in 2021 to 25 in 2022, of which one and two, 14 were taken in January-March 2022, in Beijing, Guangzhou, Fushan, Fuzhou,
The cities of Nanjing, Yung Yu, Xiangmen and Sanya; 7 in April 2022, distributed among Dongjing, Jinning, Chengdu, Tanjiang, Najia, etc.; 4 in May 2022, between Fushan, Nanchang, Xiamen and Fuzhou; and 12 in June, distributed among Nanjing, Hoon Yu, Lake, Wenzhou, Shi Jiajiang, Chengzhou, Xiaomeng, Chongqing and Springs
State; 15 in July, located in Shanghai, Fushan, Nanjing, Guangzhou and Chengdu; 3 in August, located in Xian, Taihara and Dongjing; and 3 in September, located in Shanghai and Guangzhou respectively.
2.2 Prices of residential sales have risen steadily, sales management rates are higher than industry averages, core efficiency gains in residential development have been steadily increasing, and sales have been increasing steadily since 2017.
(b) One of the housing enterprises that maintained the growth in sales, as a result of the increase in the proportion of second-line urban expansion and the fact that the demand for these cities has not yet been met.
Analysis of Paulie ' s 2022 full-calibre sales resulted in a cumulative sales area of 1,876 million flats in January-September, a decrease from -25.2 per cent in the same year to a cumulative sales value of $32.1 billion in January-September, a decrease of 2.2.2 in the management of profits, with a higher sales overhead rate than the industry average
The reduction of efficiency gains has become an important element of consensus within the industry, with firms increasingly focusing on controlling and fine-tuning marketing fees. At the sales fee level of 2022h1, the overall USE rate is 3.52%, the private business rate is 6.43%, a difference of 2.92 pcts, and the USE is in cost control.
By standardizing design products, Paulie develops a “design-material-construction” integrated, sophisticated, stable and reliable construction system and continuous iterative construction system and process standards.
Figure 18: Management fees for the Polytechnic Development “Construction of Clouds App” 2022h1 are 2,176 million yuan at a management rate of 1.96 per cent; at the same time,
By adopting a flexible marketing strategy, Paulie has made sales costs of 2022h1 only $2.381 billion, at a sales rate of 2.15 per cent. Not only are both fees far below the industry average, but they have also reached a new low for nearly five years.
By the first half of 2022, the total earth storage value of Paulie ' s development was 2.6 trillion yuan, ranking first; Bei trillion; and the fourth was Vanko, with a total earth storage value of 1.56 trillion yuan.
In April, $14,931 million, up to $34,611 million in June, also benefited from the sharpness of the city’s observations and the quick marketing drive strategy, the slowing down of sales at the bottom of the market, the spearheading of marketing strategies at the top of the market, and the rapid decomposition of stocks to achieve a quick return of cash.
Based on the company ' s average monthly sales of 43,048 million yuan in December 2020, the company ' s highest sales in the last three years, with a decolonization cycle of 60 months based on 2.6 trillion gross earth reserves, the abundance of good soil reserves also underpins the company ' s ability to adopt a flexible push pace to achieve long-term stable development.
Three “two wings” of operations with a little bit of expansion, strategic values are emerging, and 3.1 integrated service-wing operations bind industrial chains.
By the end of 2021, the industry had been established in 196 cities in 29 provinces, autonomous regions and municipalities directly under the Central Government, covering a total of about 470 million m2 of projects and a total of 1,786 projects.
In 2019, the Poly Property Industry (6049.hk), as the sole public platform for the development of integrated services in Paulie, reached 287 million square/380 million square/465 million square in 20192021 and 2022h1 property companies reached 523 million m2 in 2019-2021, representing an increase of 22.15 per cent.
According to the break-up of the main business, the rate of growth in the property management service grew from 2019 to 2021, a year-on-year increase of 20.23% over the same period. In recent years, Paulie’s development of the nationalization layout and depth of the second-line central city has been accompanied by an increase of 20.23%.
Farming provides high-quality project support to the Pavli industry, and companies take advantage of the parent company to increase the speed of the shift from contract to pipeline area has developed into a central city-centred, urban circle and urban cluster-extended commercial brand that continues to operate with a number of innovations.
Home, with 2.2 million square metres, including Beijing, Guangzhou, Hangzhou, Changsha, Wuhan, and the new second-line cities, have created a branding system for national hotel products, including “Noya, Yato, shiya, nya.” In the area of consumer services, three product systems have been created: “Time”, “Pauli Square,” “Joe-neighbour.”
In the area of industrial operations, an international-level Integrated Operations Service brand has been created to provide high-quality coverage of the Wuhan Military Games, the Western Safety Games, and large brand fairs such as the Well-Being Fair, the Old Fair, etc. have also become industry banners.
3.2 The growing size of the real estate financial wing The business concept of the company, the capital-enabling industry, is one of the companies that established the private equity fund for real estate earlier in the country and owns the guarantee fund (40% direct shareholding), Paulie capital (45% direct shareholding) and
As of 2021, the accumulated fund was managed on a larger scale than in March 2022, with a cumulative size of more than $40 billion, with more than 130 investment projects covering more than 40 cities and winning the "Vision 2021 Impact Real Estate Fund"
The gold brand “,” 2022 China’s Real Estate’s Most Looking for Smart Value Space Incubation Agency”; ISF’s accumulated portfolio of funds of nearly 120 billion yuan, with more than 200 investment projects, has been evaluated for many years for the Aa+ Subject Credit Level and has been awarded “Ten Top Real Estate Funds” for 10 consecutive years.
4 Long-term robust operations, continued optimization of the debt structure, pressure on the 4.1 scale net profit level, guaranteed revenue on the unsold scale, and the first time in 2021, the company ' s net return on its mother-to-child ratio was due to a sharp rise in the cost of land due to the heat in the market during the first half of the 21st year.
Negative growth. As a result of the succession of core land plots acquired in the 21st year in the core cities, profit margins have been taken rationally, resulting in a net return of 10,826 million yuan, an increase of 5.11 per cent over the same period, and will continue to grow steadily in the future, or in the context of good policy and industry.
In recent years, new house price restrictions, high-quality competition for high-quality projects and weak marketing markets have continued to reduce the profit margins of the industry, and we believe that as private firms become less competitive in the land market, the overall profitability of the industry is expected to improve significantly over the previous period.
Cash returns are a leader in the industry. The sales return rate of China’s top leader, 2022h1, is 88%, and the Chinese leader, Bei Gui Park, 92%, is lower than Paulie’s development.
4.2 The structure of the debt is gradually being rationalized, the external debt share of the sea is shrinking to reduce external debt risk, the company’s short-term debt as a share of total interest-bearing debt is gradually stabilizing, and its future financial advantage is expected to be sustained. After 2022, the company has no foreign debt service pressure, and most of its credit debt will be repaid after 2025.
In terms of structure, Paulie’s external debt service over the next four years would be zero, which would be significantly less than that of China (58.3 billion yuan), Kim Mau (27.7 billion yuan) and Huayun (21.4 billion yuan); after that, there would be only $5.1 billion left to repay in 2022, with little pressure on repayment.
The three lines of red line performance remained green and the cost of debt was further reduced The development of Paulie, as a leader, has been pursuing a sound business strategy in terms of scale expansion. As of 2022h1, the firm ' s post-optimal asset liability rate was 67 per cent, net liability was 64 per cent, and short-term cash debt was 1.4 per cent.
Optimized, and reflected the firm’s determination to leverage back into development by 3.0%. In mid-June 2022, Integrity International maintained the credit rating of aaa, the main player of the Pali Development Consort, Inc., with a stable rating outlook.
5 Profit projection and investment recommendation 5.1. Profit projection assumption and business segmentation. We make the following assumptions for the main indicators of the company ' s operations and give a profit projection:
High-level cities acquired in the second half of the year and the first half of the year, such as the Guangzhou, Shanghai and Beijing projects, thus obtaining land prices, are therefore conservatively calculated, assuming an increase of 30 per cent in the year 2022-2024 in revenues from integrated hotels, writing buildings, shopping malls, exhibitions, apartments, management fees and other main camp operations;
As a result, the share of the first and second-line urban projects in the closed projects at the end of 2022 will rise significantly, so the cost of settlement will rise from 2021, with the cost of establishing a single settlement between 2022 and 2024 being highly competitive with the market, the price of the land will be high, the company will achieve a reduction in its share of the cost of sales, assuming 2022-2024.
The company's pe valuation of the 2022/2023 profit forecast is the financing end: the company, as the conglomerator of the real estate industry, has a lower financing cost; the sales end: the customer.
Confidence in the delivery of agricultural products is strong; the investment end: The cost of taking land is generally low at present in the earth-coated market. After the weather cooled in the fourth quarter of 2022, demand-side repairs gradually took place, and we believe that companies have a greater advantage in both cost-control and capacity development.
Market warming is not as fast as expected: sales are not going to grow as fast or land is not going to expand as expected because of the increased interest of home buyers in watching: while the government continues to make concessions on land prices, land is not expanding as much as it is expected because of slower sales, or because the company’s cash flow is not timely.
The policy has fallen short of expectations: central banks, ministries of finance, and local governments, despite easing policies, have not been as effective or as expected due to the short period of time. Settlement revenues have fallen short of expectations: companies may give priority to better-selling projects, resulting in delays in other project settlements.
After that, the settlement income fell short of expectations, and the cost of marketing fees was not as high as expected: the company might, in the event of a chill in the industry, increase the cash flow back and add the cost of sales administration, resulting in less than expected control of the marketing rate.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.