The King of Africa's mobile phones, building a business map of the eco-improvement of software and hardware, investment rating: buy-in (first time)
In more than a decade, Africa's mobile market, the “King” of Africa's mobile phone market, was founded in Africa's market cellular industry, and in more than a decade of emerging markets, now owns three major mobile phone brands: tecno, itel and infinix, with sales concentrated in Africa and South Africa.
Global emerging-market countries such as Asia, South-East Asia, the Middle East, and South America. Corporate cellular output reached 174 million in 2020, accounting for 10.6 per cent of the world’s total, and ranked fourth, with Africa’s market share remaining the highest on a year-to-year basis, with an intelligent machine rate of over 40 per cent and what the industry calls “the king of Africa.”
In addition to the advantages of mobile phones, companies have expanded the hardware product matrix horizontally, creating 3c accessories and home brands, while operating mobile interactive cellular operations based on their own smart terminal operating system sounding os: emerging markets are still growing, based in Africa, marching into South and South-East Asia, etc.
The company’s strategy of localizing innovation has led to the success of African markets, which are ranked first on a permanent basis. There is still room for further expansion of the advantages of African markets, where African intelligence penetration is now well below global levels, with the upgrading of communications infrastructure and the use of smart machines in African markets.
In addition to the African markets, companies have entered South Asia, including India, Bangladesh, Pakistan, the Philippines, and South-East Asia, where emerging-market mobile phones will continue to grow.
At the same time, companies have built brand moats in all areas of after-sales services, distribution channels, and continuous deep-farming of supply chains. • Other operations: vertical mobile Internet operations and horizontal expansion of hardware.
The leading edge of mobile business in markets such as Africa is a natural, sustained and stable flow that provides a strong guarantee for the development of mobile Internet operations. Cell phones under the company’s flag are mounted with soundings, surrounding them, developing a series of tool-type applications and working with leading Internet companies.
Currently, there are over 10 million applications with eight monthly live users, creating high-flow software product matrices. Voice-to-speech connectivity ranks first in Africa, opening the door to long-term growth. Hardware end, companies create home brands syinix and digital accessories oraimo.
A good brand image and reputation of mobile phones, and the completion of the consumer electronic terminal multi-protocol layout. The Department has thus developed a self-contained ecosphere at both the software and hardware levels, gradually refining the commercial layout of “Mobile phones + mobile Internet + home appliances, digital accessories.”
Risks from offshore operations; risks from exchange rate fluctuations; risks from weak expansion in emerging markets; and increased risks from competition. 1 Company Profile: Africa's mobile market king, software and hardware diversification.
Camp, with three major mobile brands: tecno, intel, and infinix, the marketing region is concentrated in emerging market countries around the world, including Africa, South Asia, South-East Asia, the Middle East, and South America. According to idc, in 2020, corporate cellular output stood at 174 million, with 10.6% of the global mobile market, the fourth largest of which is in Africa.
Keeping first, known by industry as the “King of Africa.” 1.1 Started with mobile phones, based on Africa. In 2006, the company's predecessor, Tecnotelecom, was founded in Hong Kong.
In 2013, sound investments, power investments, were co-financed to create a sound system, which was changed in 2017 to a limited company, and in 2019 was successfully placed on the market. Starting with mobile phones, three major core brands were created. The company was launched the same year as its predecessor, Tecno mobile brand.
This was followed in 2007 by 2012 by the launch of the entry-level mobile phone brands itel and infinix for young consumers. Based on the leading advantage accumulated in the mobile phone sector in emerging market countries, companies have diversified the layout around the main industry, 2009 and 2009.
In 2014 and 2015, after-sale service brands carlcare, 3c accessories brands oraimo and home appliances syinix were created, building a well-developed eco-map of smart hardware, based on Africa, opening up global emerging markets. In 2008, companies identified strategies to focus on Africa.
Over the years, the market share and influence of African markets has been much higher than that of other brands, with 52.5 per cent in Africa in 2019, with smart machines accounting for 36.9 per cent of the market share in Africa, with companies increasing their market share in Africa in 2020, with African smart markets accounting for more than 40 per cent and a well-deserved “King of Africa” in 2016.
Companies have formally moved into the Indian market and subsequently into emerging market countries such as Bangladesh, Pakistan, Viet Nam and Indonesia, and now the distribution network covers more than 70 countries (regions) worldwide.
The company’s core business is dominated by mobile terminals, which include three brands: tecno, itel and infinix, on the basis of which it implements a diversified strategy layout, creating digital accessories brands oraimo, home appliances brands syinix, and after-sales brand carlcare.
Mobile terminal operations are dominated by three major mobile phone brands: tecno, intel, and infinix, covering emerging markets that do not match demand at the same level of consumption, including functional and smart machines.
According to idc data, global cities accounted for 10.6%, the fourth, with smart market accounting for 4.7%, and seventh place. In 2020, companies accounted for more than 40% of the African smart market, Africa’s first leading advantage expanded one step, South Asian markets expanded well, and Pakistan’s smart market held over 40% and ranked second.
First, Bangladesh ' s smart market is 18.3 per cent, ranking first, India ' s smart market 5.1 per cent, and other products or services: hardware and software applications extended from mobile terminals. 13c accessories and home appliances; 2 after-sale service brands Carlcare; 3 mobile Internet services based on android Ping
In addition, a number of Internet companies, such as Web-friendly, have developed music, short videos, etc.
Wa'an'anne's coupon huaanresearch, the main product of Chart 3, high school end brand, located in the emerging city.
The emerging middle class. The tecno group.
Spark3pro public brand, located in emerging markets, mobile communications.
The most popular consumer in the world, and the price of itel, the young people of emerging markets.
Note5stylus infinix
Specialized 3c product parts brands, packaged digital products oraimo including smart sound boxes, smart bracelets, mobile power, bluetooth headphones, etc.
Bluetooth headphones, smartphones, trying to become an African home-based electricity market.
Home appliances syinix first brand, including television, refrigerators, air conditioners, washing machines, electric fans, etc.
The TV 65t730u washing machine wmdttl9914 refrigerator fd 668sbffwh carlcare offers a brand for professional after-sale services.
After-sale services, the Carlcare service product category covers electronic products, household appliances and lighting appliances.
Mobile Internet service systems (os), including hios, itelos and xos. The company has developed tools such as application shops, games centres, advertising distribution platforms and mobile phone housekeepers around sounding oss. 1.3 Equity concentration, management of team industry experience
The company actually controls Mr. Tsumujiang. The top ten shareholders in the company own 80.49% of the shares, while the first shareholders invest 50.95% of them in sound transmission, of which Mr. Tsumujiang holds a 20.68% stake in sound transmission and has control over sounding investments.
The core team has extensive experience in the mobile phone industry and management abroad.
In 2006, Zhejiang led the first wave team to start a sounding technology, which was developed for years in Africa, with a deep understanding of emerging markets such as Africa and India. The management team’s mobile industry background and overseas business accumulation became the core of the company.
A steady increase in profits was recorded at 1.4 a.m., with markets outside Africa becoming more dynamic and demand for mobile phones rising. In 2020, operating revenues rose by $37.79 billion, or 49.1 per cent, compared with the previous year.
The income achieved in the first three quarters of 2021 was $35.77 billion, an increase of 43.3 per cent over the same year, a net return of $2.88 billion to the mother, and a lower share of operating income and growth in figure 5 companies, showing a faster growth trend, which now stands at over $1 billion.
More than 75% of the income from the main business is the dominant market for the growth of companies. Africa’s markets have been growing steadily since 2018 as a result of the high rate of market access in Africa’s mobile markets.
The increase to 39.3% compared to 159.7% in the same year showed a strong growth momentum, with the net interest rate level rising from year to year as a result of the expansion of the new market. The level of corporate Māori rate was more affected by exchange rate fluctuations and income structure.
Business costs, and supply-chain tensions, have led to cost-side increases that erode some of the Māori. Net interest rate levels have been rising year by year, thanks to good supply chain management and mitigation efficiency measures by companies.2 Mobile phone operations: based on Africa’s radiation-based global, continuing deep cultivation
2.1 Localized innovation has been successful, with Africa’s leading position expanding, with Africa’s leading mobile market being the largest and growing leading. Since its inception, companies have focused on Africa’s markets.
Deep farming has been the “absolute king” of Africa's mobile market for many years, and the city has been ranked first for many years. In 2019, companies delivered 137 million mobile phones, and according to idc, African cities accounted for 52.5 per cent, of which smart machines held 36.9 per cent of the market in Africa, with 174 million mobile phones delivered in 2020 and 10.6 per cent of the global mobile market.
In the fourth place, Africa’s leading position has expanded, with smart machines accounting for more than 40% of Africa’s cities. Addressing user pains, localizing innovation strategies have succeeded.
In keeping with the concept of “thinkglobalbally, actually” and with the characteristics of African markets, companies keep track of consumer demand in a timely manner, address user distress points, undertake local product innovations in target markets, and focus on deep-skinned photography techniques, new hardware applications innovations, big-data user behavior analysis and zeros systems, and mobile interconnections.
Four major areas of quality services, autonomous research and development of core technology, and creation of brand moats. According to Africanbusiness, published in June 2020 on the 100th list of “most favorite African consumer brands”, three of the company's mobile brands, tecno, itel and infinix, were ranked 5th, 21st, and 27th.
The top of the Chinese brand is the favorite Chinese brand for African consumers, and the itel is second in the Chinese brand.
Research and development (R & D) inputs provide the driving force for innovation and build competitive advantages. Localized product innovation requires large amounts of technological reserves and technological R & D, with firms increasing their investment in R & D from year to year, with R & D costs of $1.16 billion in 2020, compared to R & D inputs reflecting the firm’s dynamism in technological innovation and building on emerging market competitiveness.
Africa’s economic development is low, the network infrastructure is lagging, and the mobile phone market accounts for a major share of the functional machine. With the upgrading of communication networks, the smartphone ratio will continue to rise, with sub-Saharan Africa projected to be in 2025, according to gsma.
The smartphone penetration rate will rise from 48% in 2020 to 64%, the largest market in all regions of the world. Smart phones are higher than functional ones, and according to the company's published data from previous years, smart machines are on average sold at about seven times the unit price of a functional machine.
Figure 15: Connectivity penetration of smartphones globally and regionally
Other emerging markets, such as India, have expanded the geographical map of mobile phone operations. Based on successful experiences in African markets, companies have gradually moved to other emerging markets since 2016, starting with South Asia, India, Bangladesh, Pakistan, and now to South-East Asian markets, such as the Philippines, Indonesia.
The company is ranked first in Pakistan with more than 40% smartphone market; first in Bangladesh with 18.3% smartphone market; and sixth in India with 5.1% smartphone market. Smartphones still have huge space in emerging markets.
The demand for smart phones in emerging markets continues to grow as a result of a population base of more than 3 billion people, low levels of economic development, relatively slow growth in the cellular sector, low levels of mobile phone retention, poor communications infrastructure and low levels of smartphone penetration. According to idc, global smartphone output has been growing since 2017.
Negative growth, while emerging market countries, represented by India, still have growth potential, with Indian markets growing by 7.8 per cent (2.1 per cent) of their combined smartphone output between 2015 and 2020.
Post-sales, channels, supply chains, soft power to build solid moats. 1) The company has a professional after-sales card carlcare, which is dedicated to providing home-based one-stop services, including branded mobile phones, home appliances, and gradually expands to non-owned brands and other products. Currently, Carlcare has more than 2,000 service sites around the world.
Covering Africa, South Asia, Central Asia, South-East Asia, the Middle East and Latin America, consolidated the company ' s share of emerging markets and increased user sticky and brand awareness. 2) The company has established a wide-scope, high-covering distribution model based on the fragmented, pervasiveness of emerging market countries.
The system, the sank-down strategy, has a clear pre-emptive advantage. 3) Companies have built their own factories in Ethiopia, India, Bangladesh, etc., logistics warehouses in Dubai, Ethiopia, India, etc., and supply chains are well developed to respond quickly to market demand. At the same time, these facilities provide local employment and support.
Building helps build up a good brand image and credibility. This advantage builds firm corporate protection 3 other business: software plus hardware, branding eco 3.1 mobile Internet operations based on hardware advantages, building platform-type giants
Cellular services provide natural advantages, and sound-move connections are growing rapidly. The company’s leading edge in markets such as Africa, India, etc., has brought about natural, sustained and stable flows, which have become a strong guarantee for the development of mobile Internet services.
Smart terminal operating systems, including hios, itelos and Xos, have become one of the mainstream operating systems in emerging markets. Tool-type applications such as application shops, game centres, advertising distribution platforms, and mobile phone housekeepers have been developed around sounding os.
The eleventh edition of the Performance Report shows that the global share of corporate applications in installation has risen by 143%, ranking fourth on the global growth list, and that the African region is ranked first in the regional growth list. Working with leading Internet companies to form a matrix of high-flow applications. Based on user flows and data resources.
Mobile Internet platforms are the core basis for companies to develop mobile Internet products. Companies work with many of the leading Internet companies in the country, such as Web Easy, Tile, Reading Group, to develop and incubate mobile Internet products through strategic cooperation in the areas of music, games, short videos, content syndication and other applications.
Under the development philosophy of localization, companies deepen their localization services and content collaboration to form a matrix of high-volume applications. By the end of 2020, more than 10 million people were living with eight autonomous and collaborative applications.
3.23c fittings plus home appliances to expand hardware, horizontal extension of influence, localization of eco-models of smart hardware based on the advantages of mobile phones.
Each year, 3c accessories were created, oraimo and home brands, syinix, with mobile phones at their core, to create an eco-circle for smart hardware terminals. Oraimo sells digital accessories, mainly smart sound boxes, smart bracelets, mobile power sources, bluetooth earphones, and has successfully covered more than 30 countries and territories in Africa, making it Africa's most consumer.
Syinix is a brand of home appliances created by the company, mainly for television, refrigerators, air conditioners, washing machines, and electric fans. In 2019, the company’s home power business started a multi-brand, multi-model development, multi-brand differentiation positioning and operation, targeting smart-house end-product development spaces in emerging markets.
Companies have expanded their product categories in hardware, horizontally extended brand influence and built up pre-existing advantages in the emerging market alot area, opening up future growth space.4 Profit forecasting and valuation analysis
Key assumption 1: cellular business maps expand from Africa to other emerging markets, such as South and South-East Asia, opening up new markets that provide the driving force behind the growth in sales of corporate mobile phone products, while the share of smart machines from emerging markets rises, smart machine sales are expected to maintain high growth, while functional machine sales remain stable and decline slightly.
Key assumption 2: Other major operations, including 1) household power & 3c spare parts, are now mainly in Africa and are expected to develop rapidly and open up to other emerging markets as a result of rising demand for consumption in emerging markets iot and smart households. 2) Mobile Internet operations, based on large mobile phone users and sounding os market dominance, are achieved
The flow realization increases value added, benefiting from an increase in the penetration of emerging markets’ smart machines and the optimization of network quality, opening up space for long-term corporate development. Companies are leading the emerging markets’ mobile phone industry, continuing to be profitable, with industry comparability, and we choose.
Using information on legal compliance, the present report is presented independently and objectively, and the data and information used in this report are based on publicly available information from the market, to which I refer.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only.