On June 10, 2020, the company issued an announcement to consider the adoption of Jw (cayman) thapeuticsco.
The ltd. Bill on Accounting Method, which agrees to change the accounting method for the company and its subsidiaries holding shares in jw (cayman) thapeutics from long-term equity investments measured in equity terms to other non-current financial assets measured at fair value and whose changes are accounted for in gain or loss for the current period, effective 22 May 2020.
On that date, the difference between the fair value of the shares held in Hong Kong in the stock held in Hong Kong and the book value of long-term equity investments in the amount of RMB 35,14.908 million was taken into account in the company ' s current consolidated income/loss statement for the period ending 31 May 2020. > The change in the accounting methodology of Jwkayman resulted in investment returns of $351 million, resulting in net profits for 2020. >
On May 22, 2020, jwcayman completed the round of financing.
At the same time, jwcayman passed a shareholder council resolution and completed a revision of its shareholder agreement, so that Hong Kong Holdings no longer had the right to appoint Jwcayman individually and jointly. In March 2020, the Board of Directors was restructured to exempt the Hong Kong Holdings from the participation of Jwcayman through the Board of Directors.
Camp’s decision-making power to increase the independence of the development and production of jwcayman cytotherapy products. If we estimate the company’s net parent profit of 2,643 million in 2020, this $351 million investment is expected to benefit from the cytotherapy industry by looking at the global advantage of the company’s cell/genetic therapy cdmo.
\triangleright \cytotherapy is in its delivery phase, and companies are expected to give priority to market benefits in global drug physiotherapy development and production. Car-t products are reported in the country, and the drug is expected to achieve cell therapy by 2020.
Reporting, our cytological year is expected to open this year. Two car-t products have been marketed overseas, and Juno's car-t has been registered. According to clinical data on cytological drugs currently being produced around the world, research and development is unprecedented, and the product is now on its way.
We believe that the company is expected to be the biggest beneficiary in the field of cell therapy, and continue to recommend it. According to the company’s 2019 annual report, the company currently serves 31 clinical stages.
The company announced that the company's 1500l bioreactors in Philadelphia were expected to be operational by 2020q3, with further capacity upgrades, and would still be expected to increase by more than 30% over the next three years.
The production base has been officially established, with the prospect of a parallel two-track development of global client cell gene therapy in the country.
We have adjusted the one-time investment returns from this accounting change to the company ' s net profit in 2020.
In 2020, 46 times more should be used to maintain a “recommended” rating, taking into account comparable corporate valuations and corporate industry excellence. Undefined macro-environment changes risk a decline in global investment in innovation research and development: the risk of internationalization expanding poorly; the risk of a related decline in business or poor growth; and the wind of weak growth of new business due to inter-ministerial synergies.
Risks; currency exchange risk; uncertainty risks arising from fluctuations in fair value; corporate financial statement data projections summarized; civil securities added in January 2019.
Kwok, Ph.D., Research Assistant, Graduated from the College of Life Sciences at Qinghua University, studied postdoctoral studies at the College of Pharmacology at Qinghua University. In July 2019, the author joined the Chinese Institute of Securities Industry, with a qualification or considerable professional competence in securities investment consultancy, to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, through reasonable judgement and conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.