Medical Health Research Centre bcp guaranteed orderly operations and strong growth resumed in March
The company published a quarterly report in 2020, which generated revenues of 3,188 million yuan, an increase of 15.09 per cent over the same period; achieved a net return profit of $303 million, a decrease of 21.59 per cent over the same period; and achieved a net loss of earnings of $376 million to the effects of the domestic epidemic, with overperformance.
The business continuity plan (bcp) guarantees the orderly conduct of operations, which began to restore strong growth in March, and shows excellent business management and emergency response capacity of the company: 1 Overall, the domestic epidemic affected the start of work in February, and the company effectively secured client orders through bcp and improved efficiency in business management
1. " Small excess performance, one-stop enabler plus smooth delivery. According to our calculations, the company has recovered strong growth in March. 2-points show that we expect a rapid growth of over 20 per cent in laboratory services in China and the United States.
2. "In the case of the proposed acquisition of North Haikang stock, the rare disease in the layout, the overall delay in the resumption of work and the greater impact of the epidemic, the company’s Chinese district laboratory services have remained at a high rate of growth of more than 20 per cent, exceeding expectations. 3cdmo and the clinical plate have been growing in a positive way.
"The pre-cro spreads over time, watching as the company's relevant orders are abundant, production/schedule is full, and it is expected that the next quarter will increase at a remarkable boost.
The lower start-up rate at the profit end in February affected the Māori rate and the return on investment class affected the parent-calibre profit: 4. February 4. Completion of the Expansion of the Security Assessment Centre, maintenance of a high start-up rate, and increase in amortization costs, such as human costs/depreciation of fixed assets, resulting in gross increases in amortization costs during the quarter.
5. Quarterly Report ' s performance exceeded expectations, sustained high growth to the effect of fluctuations in international capital markets, and price fluctuations in publicly listed assets, such as direct and indirect corporate holdings of unity and Chinese collars, led to a decline in investment-type returns, resulting in a decline in the return on the parent calibre; excluded the above-mentioned
After adjustment of the net return of non-ifrs to the mother ' s profit of $576 million, an increase of 10.8 per cent over the same period, it is expected that the strong growth momentum in March will continue in the second quarter, with the impact of the delay in the next few quarters being effectively reduced and clients assured through the improvement of efficiency in business management and the development of production-end rushes.
Orders are completed in a timely, efficient and high-quality manner, maintaining high performance growth throughout the year.
Analysis of the rates of the relevant reports in the market, after which the final rating is calculated as the average market investment