Quarterly Review of Pharmacy Condolence (603259) 29/04/2020
Billions of yuan, an increase of 15.09 per cent in the same year, and a net profit of $303 million in the return of ifrs to the mother, a decline in the same year.
Market value in circulation (millions): Growth, but the epidemic has had a certain impact on the operation of the company's Wuhan Research and Development Centre and on the operation of its clinical laboratory services, so income and ifrs Mäori grew less rapidly than in the same period last year.
Full work has resumed and growth will resume in the second quarter, and the company’s business in the United States will be affected by the spread of the overseas epidemic, but based on domestic experience, the company will respond positively. In the first quarter of 2020, the company’s new sub-cdmo/cmo service project involved more than 1,000 new drug molecules, of which iii phase projects
42 projects that have been approved for listing: 35 clinical phase projects served by the cdmo platform for cell and gene therapy, of which 24 are stubble projects, 11 are stubble projects, and milestones and sales are divided into drug-smuggling quandaries
Cost-for-money model project: completion of 6 inds, 5 clinical trial permits, cumulatively 91 innds for clients, and 62 clinical trial permits. Profit band decreased as a result of investment fluctuations, and non-ifrs grew well
“Study of the National Dollar Securities Corporation — Pharmacy Condé (603259) 2019”, criticisation: Business plates perform well, with fixed multipliers for long-term development”, net profit of entire non-ifrs of 576 million yuan (+10.8 per cent) to the mother, and the decline in the net profit of ifrs is mainly due to the decline in the net profit of the mother.
Gains/losses on fair value changes - $105 million, losses on joint venture investment of $84 million
Lew Hye-min, affected by the global epidemic, risk of business suspension: market competition increases the risk: production capacity is less than expected Risk: asset value measured at fair value and risk of exchange rate fluctuations.
This report is presented independently and objectively, with due diligence and professionalism, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association. My commitment to the report is based on compliance channels, analytical logic based on the professional integrity and professional competence of the author.
A reasonable judgement concludes that the findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party. A description of the securities investment consultancy business, according to the Certificate of Operating Securities (z23834,000) issued by the CSRC, GSM is qualified for securities investment consultancy operations approved by the CSRC.
The securities investment advisory business refers to the conduct of the institution that acquires the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and its consultants in providing securities investors or customers with relevant information, analysis, forecasting and publication of portfolio investments to the customer.