Performance grew robustly, while metallurgical engineering under the two-carbon target continued to grow robustly in China (60118.sh) and asset-liability ratios fell slightly in the first three quarters of 2021.
The revenue was $34,948 million, an increase of 30.42 per cent over the previous three quarters; the net return to the mother was $6,228 million, an increase of 61.28 per cent over the previous three quarters, with steady growth in performance.
By the end of the third quarter, the corporate asset-liability ratio had opened up new opportunities for the metallurgical engineering industry under the two-carbon target. In October 2021, the State Department issued the “Rollage of carbon peaks by 2030” proposing the implementation of energy savings in priority sectors.
Carbon engineering, promoting energy-efficient carbon mitigation in the electricity, steel, non-ferrous metals, construction materials, petrochemicals, etc.
Model project for the use of energy for energy development - Model project for the development and utilization of river and steel energy - Designed to explore the best way to develop a low-carbon, even “zero-carbon” economy for the development of the world steel industry.
The company’s resource development operations are concentrated in mining, mineral extraction, extraction, smelting, etc. of metals such as nickel, cobalt, copper, zinc, lead, etc. The company’s mineral resource development and operation projects include the following:
The Rhino Cobalt Project, the Douda Lead Zinc Mining Project in Pakistan, the Shandak Copper Mining Project in Pakistan, and the Ainak Copper Mining Project in Afghanistan, among which the Rhino-Rhino Cobalt Cobalt Mine is one of China’s best-run and highest-yielding mineral smelters overseas in recent years.
The nickel-cobalt mining project, whose final product is nickel hydroxide (mhp), is an important raw material for the production of a three-dollar battery, and is a major component of the company’s involvement in the new energy industry chain. The increase in the price of part of the metal mine in the first half of this year has led to the company’s resource development industry.
The company ' s operating income has increased steadily since 2016. In the first three quarters of 2021, the company achieved business income of $20,855,559 million, an increase of 26.08 per cent. In the first three quarters of 2021, the return to the mother ' s net profit of $2.96 billion, an increase of 31.95 per cent. In the first quarter of the year, the company registered seasonal fluctuations. In the first quarter of the 20,2103 companies achieved operating income of $98,494 million.
This represents an increase of 12.67 per cent and a net profit of $1,191 million, an increase of 17.34 per cent. I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. No part of my remuneration has been, is not, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.