q3 short- and medium- and long-term performance pressures, multi-operational layouts contributing to medium- and long-term development Short- and q3 performance pressures, multi-operational layout contributing to medium- and long-term development and maintaining “buy-in” ratings
The firm’s performance is expected to recover steadily and maintain a “buy-in” rating, owing to factors such as demand recovery, short-term pressure on corporate performance, downward projections of corporate profitability, a warmer climate and an optimal structure of the company’s products. The downside in product prices is a short-term pressure on corporate performance, and the upturn in research and development is a sign of confidence in development.
2023q1-q3, a three-monthly rise in corporate revenue and good growth. But the company’s short-term performance at the Māori end has been under pressure, mainly because of the low consumer electronic climate and the fall in product prices, and the restructuring of the public sector’s products, with underutilized production capacity. Looking ahead, companies indicate that current production costs are gradually changing.
Good, the Māori ratio of 2023q4 is expected to stabilize and rise, and the performance of the enablers is gradually improving. Despite short-term pressure on performance, companies continue to increase their investment in new products such as power modules, sicombosfet, with research and development costs for 2023q3 amounting to $221 million, or +21.2%, and ring +22.7%, highlighting the firm’s strong confidence in its future development.
..the ..sic project is well-structured, with a steady increase in capacity utilization, and in order to speed up the construction of the S.S.S.P.D. Project, S.I.V. and its associates, short-term performance pressure, short-term disturbance will not change for long.
Grand Fund II co-financed 1.2 billion yuan in monetary terms to pay Slamingang for this new registration, Growth - Corporate Information Update 2023.8.21 This report is expected to produce the production capacity of 6,000 6 inches of sic chip per month by the end of 2023.
The capacity utilization rate of Sland, a subsidiary of the company 2023q3, has returned to about 90 per cent of the production line capacity of the chip, and remains stable, which will continue to drive faster growth in corporate revenue and improved operating efficiency.