The non-ferrous metal industry, the active phosphate dihydrazine, and the synergies of the industry highlight the Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre.
• Incidents: On 7 November 2022, the Lithium Industry signed a cooperation agreement with the Faiphics to take advantage of their respective resources. The two sides intend to jointly invest in the establishment of a joint venture to build a new project for the integration of 220,000 tons of dihydrothydium phosphate per year, with a planned capacity of 30,000 tonnes per year for the first phase of the project and 200,000 tonnes per year for the forward planning of production.
● titanium phosphate-grade titanium phosphate. Significant reduction in the cost of phosphate lithium production. Lithium phosphate is mainly used for the preparation of titanium ion-based lithium phosphate material for lithium ion batteries, and the fertilisers have now improved the process route for iron phosphate-based lithium phosphate, which is the main raw material for the production of phosphate hydrazine, i.e., iron phosphate and lithium phosphate.
In the case of lithium dihydrogen phosphate, it can be prepared either with lithium carbonate, lithium hydroxide, or with low-cost lithium phosphate, lithium phosphate as its lithium source, while providing a partial source of phosphate. The choice of lithium phosphate has both a price advantage and a processing cost advantage, compared to the lithium carbonate route, and we calculate it using lithium phosphate-dihydrate.
The company works with the company’s elite to build an annual production of 200,000 tons of phosphorus dihydrothythylid acid integration project, which allows the company to take advantage of local resource advantages and preferences in Yokohama County, Jiangxi Province.
To work with skilled workers to reduce the cost of industrial chains, to guarantee the supply of raw materials for the company ' s lithium battery business, to cooperate upstream and downstream in the new energy industry chain, to promote the development of new energy industries, to help companies improve their industrial chain layout, to improve their core competitiveness and profitability, and to be consistent with the strategy of integrating the company ' s industrial chain.
• The gradual release of industrial chain capacity, with an expected increase in the self-supply ratio. (1) Upstream resources: continued access to high-quality lithium resources upstream globally, expanding the supply of raw materials and expanding existing lithium concentrate minerals to 900,000 tonnes/year by the end of 2022. (2) Middle-Lithium swimming salt: company 2025 as the market for new energy motor batteries expands
Lithium salt production is guided by 300,000 tonnes/year lce. (3) Downstream batteries: companies build consumer &tws batteries, power/energy storage cells, solid-state lithium batteries, and solid-type battery raw-material lithium production lines.
2. Lithium phosphate industry (002460): the industrial chain goes deep and deep, while 1 layout of titanium phosphate, environmentally sound reduction of lithium phosphate for phosphate
Lithium phosphate is a non-chromosomal titanium crystallization whose main uses are: 1) the use of lithium dihydrate for the preparation of manganese phosphate.
Lithium hexafluoride, difluorophosphoric acid, commonly used, is cheaper, more stable and non-toxic, and the incorporation of liquid fluorinated catalysts into the response significantly reduces the temperature required for the response, so that there is no high-temperature pressure, the reaction process is easy to control, the safety factor is high, and equipment costs are low.) Dihydrazine is used mainly for the preparation of lithium ion batteries for solid phosphate.
Lithium ion batteries recover lithium salt. Lithium ion batteries recover high levels of lithium salt impurities, which cannot be used directly for the production of battery-grade lithium salt, and are used after pre-treatment and disassembly. Lithium phosphate, as one of the important ingredients for the production of straight downstream material, is showing good market prospects.
At present, there are four main industrial processes for lithium phosphate, namely, the sub-iron process, the iron oxide process, the fully wet process and the iron phosphate process.
The unreversible effects of the equipment and equipment require additional effort to process the waste gas, which results in a higher cost of lithium phosphate, which is currently estimated at $50,000 per tonne. The advantage of the iron oxide process is that it is largely non-gasy and that the cost of iron oxide is very low. The disadvantage is that the lithium phosphate produced under this process is of low quality and is used for power cells, which are basically at low end levels.
At a cost of $40,000 per ton, the lowest cost is in four processes. The advantage of the whole wet process for phosphate-based lithium is that the material is not always well-breededed, which makes phosphate lithium very strong. The disadvantage is that the process is very complicated, the equipment is extremely demanding, and the cost is the highest, currently $60,000 per ton. The phosphate process has all the advantages of the iron oxide, the iron herbate, and the whole wet method.
Lithium phosphate performance is essentially the same, but the disadvantage is that it is too expensive, at a current cost of $55,000/t. On 7 November 2022, the company signed a cooperation agreement with the elite, using its respective resource advantages, and the two parties intend to jointly invest in a joint venture to build a new 200,000-ton annual lithium phosphate integration project, a finer and the lithium industry to follow.
A joint venture is set up at 60% to 40% of the equity ratio. The planned production for the first phase of the project is 30,000 tonnes/year, and the forward production is planned to improve the process route currently used by fertilisers to produce iron phosphate-based lithium phosphate, which is the main raw material for the production of phosphate-hydrazine phosphate-trihydrazine, of which lithium dihydroxide phosphate can be prepared using lithium carbonate, lithium hydroxide, or lithium hydroxide.
Using low-cost lithium phosphate, lithium phosphate as its lithium source and providing a partial supply of phosphorus sources. The choice of lithium phosphate has both a price advantage and a processing cost advantage, compared to the lithium carbonate route.
According to the Hunan Quest assessment report, a former programme based mainly on ammonium phosphate produces high concentrations of ammonium gas in the sintering process, which is treated in the form of sulfuric acid absorption + high temperature incineration, and the process is complicated and increases production costs. An improved estimate is that if lithium phosphate is fully used for the production of lithium dihydrogen phosphate and 1 ton of phosphate is produced, the total cost of the main material is approximately 38,000 yuan/
Tons, with a 75 per cent reduction in the cost of using lithium carbonate-phosphate ammonium routes, and no further harmful gas ammonia during the new route response, while at the same time protecting the environment, further reducing the cost.
Upstream resource end: 62 per cent of the company ' s share of the titanium mine project in the first half of 2022 through the new residual mine: the completion of the Lithium Liquor Gooulamina project in Mali and the acquisition of 50 per cent of the Malian lithium industry ' s share: the offer for Bacanora has come to an end, and the company now holds 100 per cent of the shares in the bacanora company and the solona lithium clay project;
Lithium concentrate supply is tight, the mtmarion lithium quartz project upgrades ore processing capacity, expanding existing lithium concentrates to 900,000 tonnes/year by the end of 2022. We measure the equity reserves of the upstream lithium resources currently controlled by the company to be 307.2 million tonnes.
2150 tonnes/year. Production lines are flexible and can be exchanged between lithium carbonate and lithium hydroxide. Plan 2025 will guide an increase to 300,000 tonnes/year lce. A test vehicle with capacity of 40,000 tonnes/year of lithium carbonate is expected to be in operation by the end of 2022. The production of 25,000 tonnes of lithium hydroxide is expected by the end of 2023. Argentina is expected to be in operation by 2024.
Marinea Lithium Salt Lake project phase I: 20,000 tons of lithium chloride, Mexico: 50,000 tons of lithium hydroxide lithium clay project phase I. In 2025, the company ' s lithium salt production guidelines were increased to 300,000 tons/year lce, with a recovery capacity of 40,000 tons/year.
Table 5: The company's main lithium-chemical production capacity combs lower lithium end: 1) consumer & tws batteries. The new tws wireless bluetooth headphone batteries, which started in 2018, now form 400,000 daily tws battery fully automated lines, and the product of the East Ender is 3c.
Consumer-type batteries, 30 million per year full-automated polymer lithium battery production line. Huezhou invested in setting up a research and development centre for high-performance polymer lithium ion batteries in Huezhou and a base for the development and production of high-end polymer lithium batteries. 2) Power/storage batteries. By the end of 2020, the production capacity of this lithium-phosphate lithium battery had reached 1gwh, and in 2021, the power of this lithium battery was in the Gang.
Xinyu and Chongqing have invested in the construction of a new lithium battery project, which produces 15 gwhh per year. The new lithium battery project was launched in January 2022 in Jiangxi. 3) Solid lithium batteries. The company has invested in the construction of a pilot production line for the development of a solid lithium battery of the first generation at 300 million watt-hours a year, accelerating the commercialization of solid lithium battery technology.
The electrolytic battery product has been installed. Second-generation solid lithium batteries use triodes, solid-state diaphragms, and metal-containing lithium negative polar materials. In 2021, the first East Wind 70 electric vehicles carrying the solid-state battery were officially delivered. 4) Solid-state battery primary metal lithium: the company has 2,150 tons of metal lithium product production, ranking first in the world.
The project, which produces 7,000 tons of lithium and lithium metal annually, establishes new lines of production such as the electrolysis of the metal lithium molten salt, the purity of the low-temperature vacuum distillation of lithium metal, lithium alloys, solid-state lithium batteries and negative polar materials, or provides guarantees for the development of solid-state batteries.