The company's business income for the first three quarters of 2020 was $26.83 billion, a year-on-year increase.
26.64 per cent, with a net return to the mother of $3.432 billion, an increase of 209.63 per cent over the same period. In 2020, the q3 company’s flagship effect highlighted the over-performance: the company’s net return to the mother of the first three quarters of 2020 increased its profit on a year-on-year basis; the company’s advantage in terms of the scale of advanced technology, its leading R & D capacity and its intelligent manufacturing.
New products are sold well in the application markets, production lines are operating at full capacity, and the concentration of high-quality customers and product resources has accelerated to record high levels of performance. q3 percentage points for companies in 2020, and companies are efficiently promoting innovation in new products and optimizing product structures, while raw materials are from their own sources.
The ratio continues to increase, and the profitability continues to increase. The asset-liability ratio for the first three quarters of 2020, with a strong face-to-face champion, is the first to benefit from a new machine: the Appleiphone 12, which is all on a super-ceramic panel, and the company, as a core supplier, is working with Apple to promote the new glass product.
This apple update in product design and material quality is expected to boost the production of smart terminals to the metal frame.
In the meantime, China has introduced a brand-new hyperbolic screen for flagship mate 40, with high-end 3d glass in Andre market 1, LanceTech (300433): Apple.
The company continues to infiltrate, and as a well-known supplier, such as Chinese and Mi, the market is at the top of the industry. The innovation of the new architecture is remarkable, and the integration of the company’s production into the platform is accelerating, widening the boundaries of growth: corporate glass, sapphire, metals.
At the same time, the level of corporate intelligence manufacturing is increasing and expanding.
By jointly opening the sapphire market, it consolidates the firm’s core competitive advantage. As the targeted increase lands, the company is expected to further enhance its ability to produce and profit from the scale of its activities in the fields of smart phones, smart suits and car electronics.
This and Performance Strength 2020-09-30 Breaking vertical integration of the industrial chain to provide clients with a better product mix and one-stop complex 3, LanceTech (300433): Vertical
Product solutions, building up platform-based competitive advantages, and generating sufficient momentum for future performance. Integration accelerates, emerging leaders rises.