BluesTechnology (300433.sz) Platform integration opens up the space for future growth.
The three-quarterly report by LanthsTech for 2020 announced that the company had made an operating revenue of 260.83, an increase of 26.64 per cent over the previous three quarters, and a net return of 34.32 billion yuan over the same period.
(i) There are sufficient orders, and the performance supermarket expects the company to be a core supplier of apples, with 43 per cent of Apple operations in 2019. The company benefited from the accelerated stocking of the new Apple machine, improved capacity utilization of the company, and strong orders.
iPhone12 uses supercrystal panels, metal frames, and the value of the company’s product unit is raised. Cost-side companies have effectively reduced the cost of outsourcing by controlling costs, producing efficiency gains, and improving the use of home-made materials.
Performance has grown significantly and exceeds market expectations. In the future, we expect that the volume of Apple mobile phones will grow significantly, with conservative expectations that in 2021 it will reach over 220 million, with growth expected to exceed 20%, and companies will continue to benefit as core suppliers.
(ii) Keystones are prominent, platform integration opens up the space for growth.
Lines and models are extended and products are widely used in smartphones, watches, car electronics, etc. In August 2020, companies acquired technology subsidiaries to cut into cellular technology casings, and when the company's October addition project is approved, it will be further expanded to wear equipment and touch.
The layout of the control panel, for example, is expected to form a one-stop supply and assembly capacity of the structural + module in the future, opening up further the growth space. We raise the company’s profit forecast, regardless of the impact of the acquisition.
RamsyTech (300433.sz) - Acquisition can become a subsidiary, stretching out of business boundaries, promising continued excellence, and giving a “recommended” rating. The epidemic causes consumer electronic demand to fall short of expectations.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
Change and cyclical tipping points: Exploiting potential investment targets from a unique perspective.