The technological hardware and equipment of the information technology have been re-innovated, and the peak in the availability of new machines for large clients has arrived.
Events: During the first three quarters of 2020, the company achieved operating income of $26.83 billion, an increase of 26.64 per cent, net profit for mothers of $3.43 billion, an increase of 209.63 per cent, net gain for non-mothers of which $10.51 billion, an increase of 13.85 per cent and a return for mothers of the third quarter.
The net profit is 1,520 million yuan, an increase of 20.20% from the previous year, the net profit from the non-mortality is 1,478 million yuan, and the third quarter is an innovation in performance, expecting the performance of the company during the peak period of the large client ' s new aircraft readiness. The third quarter is a month late in the release of the large client ' s new aircraft, with the relevant industry chain companies saying they are ready.
In the larger context of the delayed peaks, companies still achieve record-high single-quarter performance statements that are not easy enough to capture the company ' s total equity/flow (millions of shares) in customer accumulation, capacity reserves, technology and delivery
Competitiveness and advantages in many areas, such as capacity, which are the basis for companies’ long-term and stable access to total market value/flow (millions of dollars) to core client orders. At the same time, companies continue to do so in terms of cost control and internal support.
As a result of the continuous increase in the self-contained proportion of the top 10 materials, such as upgrades, chemicals, knives, polishing, mutilation, grinding, printing, packaging, etc., the company entered a single quarter of blues technology (300433) in comparison to the same period last year.
In the four quarters and in the first quarter of next year, the first generation of 5 giphones has been released, and the blueprint for a successful change of scenery has been launched - 2020/08/19.
The demand is expected to help the new iPhone, which has been out of sight for almost two weeks now.
Growth reflects a competitive advantage, and innovation for security is one of the central underpinnings of high-quality performance responses over the next two quarters. iPhone12 has an eye for durability uplifting, and Lance has explicitly benefited as a core face-up supplier.
"From some core money, the newly released iPhone 12.
Residues: complete thickness is reduced by 11%, weight is reduced by 16%, new graphite and ocean blues are introduced - 2020/07/08. To allow users to experience such increases better and more visualally in their daily use.
iPhone12 has been significantly upgraded in durability, e.g., the import of superceramic plates, the use of dual ion exchange processes, and the design of the slabs to level the edges of the center frame, all for the purpose of increased protection. In particular, the hyperclonic crystals, the introduction of nano-class china crystals, and crystals.
The control of the shape and crystallization makes the hardness of the sheet material and the radiance of the glass, together with the ability to resist falling at times, much more so. Of course, the increase in performance, such as hardness, makes it more difficult for the plate to process the glass than it is for the glass, and the processing steps and durations required.
As a result, industry studies show that even higher-quality gorilla glass, superceramic, crystal sheeting has increased by 30-40%, that Lance is the main supplier of superceramic crystal sheeting, that it is responsible for all-way processing, and that the increase in value is quite clear about the elasticity of the company's performance.
The value of the iPhone tablet is judged to be poor, with an emphasis on the market space growth and pattern changes that Andre follows the example. Prior to the iPhone 12 launch, a number of investors were watching through the informal channels because of the secrecy of the upgrades to the pamphlet.
After the drawings, fearing that a return to the 2d structure would lead to a decline in the value of the top-and-down sheet, even in the near two-week period when the iPhone was released, there was still a half-perceived picture of the super-ceramic sheet by investors, much less the expectation that Andre would follow, if the Andres eventually chose to follow it.
The design changes of the type will be very clear about the driving force of the overall market space upgrade of the sheet, and, in addition, the difficulty of processing the superceramic crystal sheet will further lift the entry threshold of the industry, thus allowing the market share to continue to be concentrated on top firms, and investors should focus on changing patterns of this type of market.
Lance's performance growth is a positive and positive boost.12 Sales are ideal, apples' output continues to outpace expectations, the company's head provides clear support, and in the long run, when the barriers to competition in the shell industry are high, the public is the only source of hope.
The division's leading position will be more difficult to shake, the gap between the two- and three-line competitors will be widening, and horizontal entry into the metal box track and accompanying “group-loading” orders will be expected to provide a new engine for the company's long-term growth, considering that assets can start contributing next year.
With reduced capacity and less than expected sales of new machines by large clients, (2) Andre is less willing to follow the supercelastic crystals, and (3) the competitive price reduction has led to a decline in the industry’s profit margins. Re-innovation has led to a surge in the availability of new machines by large clients.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report