Hangzhou Bank (60926) Hangzhou Bank reported three-quarterly reviews of continued improvement in asset quality and increase in net interest spreads Incident: Hangzhou Bank issued three-quarter reports and generated operating income of $5,587 million in three quarters.
The net and non-interest income from interest has been growing faster, with accumulated operating income of $16,047 million in the previous three quarters, an increase of 25.85 per cent over the previous quarter.
The net profit return was $5.306 billion, an increase of 20.25 per cent over the same period. Three quarters of the net profit return, the net profit return, increased slightly less than two quarters over the same period, but still more than one quarter.
Net interest income of $4,104 million, an increase of 10.14 per cent over the previous quarter, rose by 7.05 percentage points, with interest net revenue accounting for 73 per cent. The three-quarter net interest gap ring ratio was measured to have risen.
Total equity/flow (millions of shares) Total market value/flow (millions) Continued improvement in the quality of assets and continued improvement in the provision coverage.
High 12 months/minimum 0.1 percentage points. Hangzhou Bank has been in decline since the third quarter of 2017 in its current negative rate ring for nine quarters. The provision covers 311.54 per cent, an increase of 29.98 per cent compared to the end of the previous quarter.
At the end of the third quarter, the Hangzhou Bank's core capital adequacy rate was 8.09%, an increase of 0.17 percentage points over the previous quarter, but still lower than that of other listed banks.
On September 11, the company issued an announcement stating that the proposed increase had been approved by the CSRC and that it was to raise $7.2 billion. The static calculations would raise the capital adequacy rate when they were set to rise. The investment proposal: Hangzhou Bank maintained faster performance and continued improvement in the quality of its assets.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report