Hangzhou Bank has continued to increase its profits over the last three quarters, with the gradual introduction of its own financial restructuring and an improved external liquidity environment, a significant improvement in interest differentials, a continuing decline in bad rates and a resilience to risk
I've made a great profit, and the difference ring has improved considerably.
Hangzhou Bank’s net profits continued to grow faster in the third quarter, up 20.3% from the same year, roughly at the same level as in the first half of the year (+20.2%). The company’s revenues in the first three quarters showed the same brightness, with an increase of 25.8% from the same year (vs were driven by higher net interest earnings in the first half of the year) and a restoration of gains and fee income growth.
In view of the fact that the same-year growth in interest income was affected by the new 19-year accounting standards, and in order to eliminate the impact of the standards, we have combined net interest income with investment income by 17.5 per cent in the first three quarters of 19 years and 46.6 per cent in the previous three quarters on the same basis as the lower base for prior periods, continuing the improvement,
The debt restructuring has led to a decline and a significant improvement in the interest spread ring ratio.
The share of assets (39.4 per cent) remained stable overall. At the end of the liability, the deposit ring increased by 0.8 per cent, and at the end of the liability, it was expected that the company would appropriately increase its peer liability to optimize its liability structure in the context of lower market interest rates, with a significant quarterly increase of 20bp to 1.72 per cent, with an asset end-of-the-life rate of return of 12bp compared to the previous two quarters, with payment being made at the same time.
The cost of interest-bearing liabilities has fallen by 10 bp, and the spread has continued to grow, driven by a combination of the two sides. Bad downs have continued, with attention paid to capital replenishment progress. Hangzhou Bank's three-quarters negative rate of 1.35%, a 3bp drop, which has improved since it was introduced in 16 years.
Downwards. We measure the annualized undergeneration rate of about 0.76 per cent plus write-offs in the three quarters, which is still low. The company has further increased its provision in the three quarters, and the cost of credit has increased further than in the two quarters. As of the end of the three quarters, the Hangzhou Bank ' s core level capital adequacy rate was 8.09 per cent, at the end of the three quarters.
The industry is at a low level, close to the regulatory threshold, but we are concerned that by September 10, the Zhejiang Bank Insurance Board had approved a firm's targeted growth programme, which is expected to allow the company's capital to improve and support further expansion of the company's operations.
Sino-Soldier International Securities Company, Inc., encouraged the sub-economy to drive down asset quality beyond expectations.
The Hangzhou Bank published the 3rd Quarterly Report 2019 and the 3rd Quarter 2019 net profit was equal to +20.3 per cent of the total assets of 9806 million yuan (+12.7 per cent).
The Hangzhou Bank’s net profits continued to grow faster in the third quarter, up 20.3 per cent from the previous quarter, roughly the same level as in the first half of the year (+20.2 per cent). The company’s revenues in the first three quarters showed the same brightness, with a 25.8 per cent increase in the previous quarter (25.7 per cent in the first half of the year vs) and are expected to be at the forefront of listed banks.
We judge that the rapid increase in revenue is driven, on the one hand, by a high increase in net interest income and, on the other hand, by a recovery in gains and fees income. Given that the increase in interest income is influenced by the 19-year new accounting standards, and in order to eliminate the impact of the standards, we have to drive net interest income and investment from surrogate and bond underwriting operations.
The debt restructuring contributed to a decline and a significant improvement in the interest spread ring ratio The Hangzhou Bank increased the loan ring by 3.6 per cent in size by three quarters, with loans increasing by 15.3 per cent/3.5 per cent per year and the overall share of total assets (39.4 per cent) remaining stable. At the end of the liability, the deposit ring increased by 0.8 per cent, with a small decrease of 1.76 percentage points to 62.8 per cent in the liability ratio;
In terms of interest differentials, based on the end-of-period balance estimates, the three-quarter net income gap ring has increased significantly by 20bp, with an adverse and continuous downswing in focus on capital replenishment progress.
Hangzhou Bank has a three-quarterly negative rate of 1.35% and a 3bp drop in the ring ratio, which has been improving downwards on a quarterly basis since it was listed in 16 years. We measure the annual negative rate of production by the company, which is about 0.76%, and the negative rate of production, which remains low. The company has further increased its provision during the three-quarter period, raising the cost of credit by 79bp to 2.57% over the two-quarter period, and has contributed to a further increase in the level of provision coverage from the end of the two-quarter period.
By the end of the third quarter, the Hangzhou Bank had a core capital adequacy rate of 8.09 per cent, which was at a low level in the industry, close to the regulatory threshold, but we were concerned that by September 10, the Zhejiang Bank Insurance Board had approved a firm ' s targeted growth programme, and it was expected that the company ' s capital would have improved enough to support further expansion of the company ' s operations.
Three quarters of Hangzhou bank profits continued to increase, with the gradual restructuring of its own capital and an improved external liquidity environment, significant improvements in interest differentials, continued downswings, and increased resilience to risk. We maintained the firm’s 19/20 net profit growth rate, with the economic downturn leading to a deterioration in asset quality.
Economic development affects the operation of the real economy as well as the profitability of the economy, thus affecting the asset quality performance of the banking sector. If the economy falls short of expectations, there is a risk of deterioration in the asset quality of banks, thus affecting their profitability.