Springtime marketing feedback is positive, year-round progress is steady — a study on the dynamics of five grains (000858.sz) Spring season marketing feedback is positive and most marketing theatres are growing.
Sonss@cfsc.com.cn New Year's Day has seen an acceleration in corporate marketing response.
A double-digit growth, with a higher bottle opening rate. Then, during the spring season, most of the company's marketing operations in the field grew, some of them increased at a higher rate, and some of the marketing operations in the field were reduced by base effects.
In order to ensure a reasonable return in prices, the company adheres to the “three tilts and two matches” principle. The “three tilts” are the new plans in favour of high-quality market areas.
Two matches, i.e., regional market volume and local demand match, and distributor plan.
In 2023, we will continue to build on the idea of “one, one, one, one position” and continue to move into large enterprises, deepening friendly relations with large, large business units; and promoting the five grain fluids with priority agencies.
It continues to expand the high-end circles, closely focusing its branding activities on opinion leaders, car club clubs, and so on. It continues to enrich its cultural experience positions, through golf circuits, tennis tours, etc.
In 2023, the company will raise the profile of the core terminal, the exclusive store, start building the Smart Door, five generations of stores and high-end hotel layouts in the core city, focus area, and high-end hotels.
1. " Five grains fluids (000858): continuous marketing of labs and brands special areas, markings, cultural propaganda positions, and important sites for buyers on the Mission ' s behalf.
2 “Five grain fluids (000858): 1218 General Assembly: positive feedback, steady growth next year” 2022 - We appreciate the continued progress of corporate reform and the prospect of further incentivization.
3. " Five grains fluids (000858): performance overperformance macroeconomic downside risks, classic five food fluids growing less than expected, batch prices not increasing as expected, group purchasing not increasing as expected, incentive mechanisms not being as good as expected.
Presentation by the Food and Beverage Group: Sunshan Mountain: Master of Economics, five years of research experience in food and beverage sellers, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry, focus on the drink plate, in-depth study of the white wine industry, etc.
In the short- to medium-term potential, a share of thinking about white wine plates, deep-seated thinking and insight into the Su wine, Ho Ho, Bachelor of Law, University of Shandong, and Master of Arts, University of Warwick, United Kingdom, for dual master of law, economics and taste industry research.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes; a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is made by Chinese securities and is intended only for customers with Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.