Continued improvement in marketing and reforms - Dynamic Study of Five Foods and fluids (000858.sz)
Sunss@cfsc.com.cn in December saw positive growth in the company's main distribution areas, such as Jiangsu, Henan and Shandong, considering both traditional distribution channels and packages of marketing data.
In the spring spring season of 2023, more than 90% of the goods are now in silos throughout the country, responding quickly to demand dealers, terminals, and consumers.
The Department has stepped up its efforts to foster consumers, and has increased its awareness and consumer awareness of activities such as the Five Food Springs, the Huixiang Series, the New Year's Day Five food fluids, and the conglomerate feasts in major marketing areas.
The classic five-food fluids continue to remain the same, and the channel system continues to optimize. For the classic five-food fluids, the three will remain the same. The year 2023 will continue, with brand value promotion and consumer development at its core, around opinion leaders.
In addition, in order to ensure a reasonable return in prices, the company insists on “three tilts and two”
In the area of group purchasing, the idea of “one big one, one top position” will continue to be built in 2023, moving into large businesses and deepening friendly relations with large, mega-business units; and promoting five grains with priority agencies.
Continue to expand the high-end circles, by means of a dot-and-line-based branding campaign around opinion leaders, car club clubs, etc. Continue to enrich cultural experience positions, through golf and tennis tournaments, etc.
Producing and marketing hot spots expand the circle of friends.
In 2023, the company will raise the profile of the core terminal, the exclusive store, and start building the smart door, in the core city.
“Five grains and fluids (000858): overperformance in regional and high-end hotel layouts for five generations of special stores, high-end study houses and brands”, achieving the year-round goal of 2022-10-10.
Districts, with dealers in special stores setting up regional product image poles, cultural promotions, and Five Grains (000858): working to complete the distribution of positions and important sites for buyers.
All year's target, good feedback on multi-regional marketing.
The Food and Beverage Group presents Sun Shan: Master of Economics, five years of research experience in food and beverage sellers, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry.
Focus on the drink plate, study in depth of the white wine industry, etc., has been employed in the U.S.S. securities, New Age securities, and the country's short- and medium-term potential; has been hard at thinking about the white wine plate, and has a deep marketed mind and insight into Soho's wine.
I do not receive any form of compensation either directly or indirectly for, or not for, the specific suggestions or opinions in this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the projection of a stock or industry index vis-à-vis the main index of the relevant securities market indicates that: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes; a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreed transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer)
The Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
Yes, but without any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information. We have tried to report its contents objectively and impartially, but the information and views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, which do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financials, and the persons to whom this report is based.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.