I don't know, wuliangye (000858) resilientspersperformantechhighlightspotentialforresearchassociate
♪ Wenrui priceperformance ♪
In fact, it's true, it's true, it's true, it's true, it's true, it's true, it's true, it's true, it's true, it's true, it's true, it's true, it's true, it's true, it's true, it's true, it's true, it's true, it's true, it's true, it's true, it's true, it's true, it's true, it's true, it's true, it's true, it's true, it's true, it's true, it's true, it's true, it's true, it's true, it's true, it's true, it's true, it's true, it's true, it's true, it's true, it's true, it's true, it's true, it's true, it's true, it's true, it's true, it's true, it's true, it's true.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
14outof21marketsinchinaintaintedposivegroveth.manyachievddouble-digit maretdata growingduringthemid-autumnfestivalandnationaldaypeakseason.additionally,
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
The company lives for the hardworking world. asforproducts, asidromconsolidadingthecorepositionofwuliangye8th
I'm not going to be able to do that, but I'm not going to be able to do that.
I don't know what you're talking about.
It's not like we're going to have to do this, but we're going to have to do this.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Five Grains (000858): totalamountocentincentiverewarttechiyear'sdealerconferenceinsertionally: performance overperformance, o3 real movement
Upby 29% yoy. Thenumofaward-winningdealersincreasedfrom2,279lastyarto 3,617thiyer, marking 59%grovethoy.ingieral, 2023willbeanimportimportyearforconsumptionrecovery,anditalsoquitellectatthecompanyillachiedouble-
"Digitgroveththisyear.however, additiontohavingaglenaldefineddevelopment" (000858) strategyandimplementmeures, dealers' contactisimperativegiventhecurrent 2022.
Quite a bit, maretconventions.asalesultofwilderreversionandhigherotalamunt, comment: incentivized double-digit growth and steady push the confidenceofchanneldealers.
It's not like it's the first time I've ever been in a state of emergency, it's the first time I've ever been in a state of emergency, it's the first time I've ever been in a state of emergency, it's the first time I've ever been in a state of emergency.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to do that, but you're not going to be able to do that.
In 2022/2023 reciprocally, currespondingtoperacioat 26/21/19x. {\cHFFFFFF}{\cH00FFFF} {\cHFFFFFF}{\cH00FFFF} buyin' {\cHFFFFFF}{\cH00FFFF}.
Supported by Byysoohow risks: uncertainmacroenvironment,weaker-than-expected projectpricaire, researchinstitute, and particular
Resurgenceofcoronavirusfections itssemployeesjuntang and yingjiewang.
December 18th, the theme of which is “Regarding the new course of innovation, and the new U.S.-Common Spectrum”
The twenty-sixth session of the co-construct 12.18 was officially held, and we went to Ying Bin to participate in the meeting, where we had a weak market environment, where the five grains had a win in disease prevention and production operations and progress had been made in building from the team, branding, production, marketing change and cultural development dimensions.
In addition, sales were excellent throughout the year. In January-September, 14 of the country’s 21 marketing zones continued to grow, with double-digit growth in several markets during the Chinese autumn season, excellent performance in Fujian and Liaoning, and sustained positive growth in several central Chinese markets.
The classic five-food fluids were delivered with caution throughout the year, continuously repurchased and controlled with price increases, with brand values raised and consumer growth at its core, continuously optimized, and a series of alcohol structures continued to optimize.  The year 2023 was a year of steady progress, effective lifting, and a reasonable increase in volume.
“Stable” responses, solidified and stunned, are expected to lead to a qualitative, efficient increase and a reasonable increase in volume. At the end of the product, while consolidating the core monolithic position of the eight-generation five-generation grain fluids, the construction of the classic five-food fluid market was strengthened, and the opportunity to launch classics 20 and 30 was chosen, and it was also necessary to move forward effectively.
The development, marketing and operation of custom-made wines in five foods culture is higher than P5 and enhances the systematic construction of old and sealed wines with the aim of further enhancing the sense of value. Market ends, optimized delivery strategies, traditional channels are not increasing, new plans are tilted towards high-quality marketing areas, and new channels are being developed.
Incentive upgrades are expected to continue to boost market confidence. Compared to previous years, the distributors ' congress rewarded spending.
A significant increase in total holdings, +29 per cent, from 2,279 award-winning dealers last year, up from five grains (000858): three quarters of 2022: performance over expectations, q3 real
Each year, corporate double-digit growth is also more certain, but apart from clear development directions, strategies, and landing initiatives, the confidence of distributors in the current market is very important. With a wider coverage and a higher total of incentives, companies are expected to boost their channels gradually.
“Five grain fluids (000858): mid-2022:  profit projection and investment rating: improved internal management, warmer external environment, excellent marketing performance, point review: strong double-digit growth, steady push
The 14th goal is to move forward year by year. We maintain the 2022-2024 net profit return, report the support of professional research and analysis, especially thanks to the Tang Army and Wang Qing for their guidance.
I am presenting this report in a diligent, independent and objective manner, and all the views contained therein accurately reflect the personal views of this person with respect to the said securities or issuers: I have made specific suggestions or views in this report.
Past performance is not considered to be the future, either directly or indirectly.