Five grains of liquid (000858.sz)
From 6 to 9 February, the marketing system for the "Five Foods and Liquids for the Year" brand was successfully launched in July 2023, with a double-digit increase in sales in January and a new year in sight. According to the "Five Food and Liquidity Group" public, 5 January was the date of the launch.
Increased branding and innovation for the new year's marketing effort, except for ensuring that a quarter of the year's opening is open, the white wine market is still somewhat warm, depending on brand power and channel repossessors, and 2301 is expected to be opened.
It was proposed: 1) to see the form, to be confident, and to work hard to create a new marketing situation: 2) to highlight the gravity, to capture the value of the brand, to raise the weight of the five grains brand; 3) to highlight the market, to drive the momentum, to maintain the high quality of sales, and to do everything in its power to keep the volume up; 4) to highlight the team building, to insist on it.
Keeping a team, bringing a team, and investing in the iron army for marketing five grains and fluids. Companies have a clear goal for the new year’s marketing effort, which is to build a system of marketing channels, profit-making, banding, brand structure optimization, consumer development, etc., and to lay the foundation for branding influence and high-quality development throughout the year.
The mechanism improves the market environment and the price of the batches up. Currently, the price of the five batches is maintained at $965 per bottle. In the short term, the price of the controlled goods is expected to remain strong. In the long run, the external consumer environment has improved and the price ceilings above $1,000 have increased, adding up to the market system reform, raising corporate brand power and market power.
The price of the batch is up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. are not made by individual clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or reissued for any purpose in whole or in part of the report.