In the near future, the National Network has published the National Electricity Network Ltd. 2019 (new) information-based equipment and information.
In addition, the launch of the first bid for equipment in 2019 for the Yam-Janxit high-pressure direct-flow engineering project was announced by the National Network as a sign of the accelerated pace of the construction of electricity grids.
As a result, the main equipment tender was 7.16 billion yuan, the country won 1.76 billion yuan, the median share was 24.6 per cent, and the winning share was 100 per cent of the two key products of the switch valve and the straight flow control protection system, exceeding market expectations.
The construction of electricity grids has accelerated, and the number of new tenders has been much higher than the previous three tenders this year: NCN has recently issued a request for proposals for the procurement of information equipment and information services for 2019. The request for tenders includes 9269 dispatch-type equipment, 9960 information-based equipment, and Tianjin has been added to the round.
Ningxia's side-facilitating facility for the electrical network project; the service tender consists of 156 packages and 275 tenders, and the current tender consists of 275 items, a total of 156 packages, well over 21 packages, 18 packages, and 7 packages, respectively, of the three requests for information services from the first three years of 2019.
Since the full deployment of the power grid, the tender marked a significant acceleration in the construction of the grid, and it is expected that the grid information order will be released in four quarters.
1.76 billion, or 24.6 per cent, of the total tender size of the Yure high-pressure project: In recent days, the network has also announced the closure of the first tender for equipment for the Yatsin-Gangsit high-pressure transmission project.
As a result, the tender included a flow valve, a straight flow control protection system, a current transformer, a combination of electrical appliances billion, or 24.6 per cent of the total size, with a 100 per cent share in the two products of the switch valve and a straight flow control protection system, which had previously been bid at about 50 per cent, and two key products that were uniquely above the mark.
Out of the market forecast. Three direct-flow super-pressures and two communications super-pressures have been approved and opened in this round of super-high-pressure construction peaks, and two direct-flow lines, White Crane Beach, Jiangsu and White Crane Beach, Zhejiang, have not yet been approved and are expected to be approved and tendered in the course of this year.
In the second half of the year, investment in electricity grids increased markedly: in the first half of the year, under macroeconomic downward pressure, investment in electricity grids slowed down, in the second half of the year, and in the second half of the year, investment in electricity grids increased gradually. In January-August, the national electricity grid project completed an investment of 237.8 billion yuan, a 15.2 per cent decrease compared with the previous half-year, a 19.3 per cent decrease compared with the previous half-year.
There is a clear contraction, and the four Lidus are expected to invest in the grid against the background of a general acceleration of electricity connection, the forecast of profits: investment in the grid accelerated in the second half of the year, and the company is expected to realize net profits in 19/20 Data source: national e-commerce platform, collection of gold coupons
Source: National e-commerce platform, Group Benefit Certificates, Report prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., Investments in Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and Investment Services provided by Group Credit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. This report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose.