The grid's smart cycle is starting.
The National Network tender platform made public the successful candidate recommended for the first tender for equipment for the Yatsin-Janxi ~800kv T-shirts, of which the company expected the winning bid to be 1.76 billion, or 24.6 per cent, and the share of the pre-supplier bid was the first, with an expected increase in the city ' s share. In August 2019, Yatsung-Jan-Silan 800kv
In September 2019, the winning candidate for the first tender for equipment for the high voltage direct transmission project was announced.
The result involves equipment such as current transformers, switch valves, electrical resisters, communication transformers, combined appliances, communication breakers, etc., with a total purchase volume of $7,147 million. The company expects the winning bid to be 1.76 billion, with gold accounting for 24.6%, the winning share being the first. Of this, the company is switching valves (1.511 billion dollars), straight flow.
In September 2018, the National Energy Agency issued a report on the acceleration of progress.
A series of announcements on priority engineering planning for transmission and transmission have led to the planning of 12 ultra-high-pressure projects, including 5 ultra-high-pressure straight currents and 7 communications super-high-pressure projects, with a combined capacity of 57 million kW. At present, Qinghai-Henan, Qingbei-Hungbei-Hubei, Zhangbei-Yuan, Ma's shop-Sangyang, Yam-Jangxi, etc.
Super-high-pressure lines have been approved and the winning results are being published, other super-high-pressure lines are expected to continue in the future, and investment in the grid is expected to be stable in the second half of the year. As a result of lower electricity prices and slower power growth, capital spending on the power grid has slowed down, with the completion of infrastructure investment in the grid in January-August 2019.
At the beginning of 2019, the State grid company fully deployed the general power grid, preparing a 2019 construction programme for the general grid, defining the tasks to be carried out throughout the year, covering internal operations, external operations, data-sharing, basic support, technical clearances, security.
6 major aspects of total protection, 57 construction tasks, and 4 levels in provinces, cities, counties, parks, and 25 large-scale integrated demonstration projects. We believe that with the gradual launch of electricity grid connectivity in late 2019, investment in the grid is expected to rebound.
The company is a leading domestic power grid automation, power communications, and intelligence-based company, with a strong leader. The company has the capacity to support smart grids and general grid-connecting, and with the start of grid-connected electricity, investment in the grid is steady and the company is expected to benefit from depth.
1) Less than expected risk of grid investment: 2) Risk of rising raw materials prices: 3) Project push