The Centre for Resource and Environmental Research has further consolidated the industry's leading role, with expected performance in the second half of the year, with the company issuing the mid-2019 report, which achieved revenue, net profit for the mother and net profit for the non-return for the mother, respectively.
Accounting standards for accounts receivable affected the current period’s performance rate, with several financial indicators showing a trend towards improvement. Last April, the company made a change in its accounting estimates for the range of bad accounts receivable, resulting in the current strength and reduction of low turnover investments in heavy assets, such as photovoltaics, and a positive business cash flow.
1. The annual and quarterly editions of the State Electric News and Information and Communication Technology (ICM) are expected to accelerate the confirmation of the electrical information and communication operations, which will be followed by the maintenance of the bright spots of electrical performance.
"The South Swe Stock Incentives Point-End of Equity Incentives " , which is a slow pace, with a 2.9 pct rise in the IT section over the same period, we judge the volatility of ICT and integrated business camps and the clear logic of performance growth " ,
The decline in the share of revenue is related. The net profits of the next-insured electricity h1 are 3.3 billion and 655 million, compared to the increase of 4. The Nanse Tracking Depth Report - “two-folding” of the grid is 20.1% and 35.7% longer, and the confirmation of the fastening of the north-north and part of the high-pressure camp.
In the second half of the year, the general in-kind network, the build-up of super-high pressure, is expected to make it possible to replicate last year's “low-low-low-low-low-high-high” trend.) In the second half of the year, electricity grids are currently in the standard-setting, pilot phase, and the Director of the National Network has made it clear that the related investments will increase significantly in the second half of the year.
The start-up winning bid is expected to continue to drive higher orders for the company's electrical information and communications section. 2) "two-way two-way" and multiple direct flow, communications super-pressure and soft-line projects will gradually reach the construction peak, opening a new growth cycle in Puri engineering and subsequent electrical high-pressure collection performance.
Industry leaders are still growing, and companies are growing steadily in the medium term. Technology stands up: companies form special teams to support national grid companies in building electricity grids and taking on many demonstration engineering, technology, and innovation. Market orientation: companies clearly outpace competitors in many areas and industry leaders are moving ahead.
With a new round of mass networking, companies will sustain 15% + performance growth. Equipment leaders, with high international competitiveness, will be accompanied by faster investment in grids, less than expected investment in electricity grid automation in the second half of the year, an escalation in trade between the US and China, and a possible expansion of new industries.
Overall performance meets expectations, operating cash flow improvements are evident, and corporate performance expectations are mixed. The company released its mid-2019 report on operating income, net return profits, net deductions from return profits of 10,034 million yuan, 1,201 million yuan, 1,114 million yuan, compared with 357 per cent,
The accounting range changed accounting estimates, resulting in a total increase in profits of billions in January-June last year due to accounting changes (based on the same income tax rates and minority shareholder equity ratios), netting off the impact of this factor, the company ' s total profits and net parent profits for January-June 2019 increased by approximately 4.6 per cent, 5.4 per cent and the same rate of deductions.
Corporate q2 Māori rates and cost rates have shown a trend of improvement over time. The company q2 Māori ratio reached 29.3%, an increase of 0.22 pt, and q1 Mäori rates of only 24.11%, a decrease of 4.97 ptt over the same period;
q2 Māori and three rates show a clear trend of improvement over the same trend. In addition, net interest rate h1 Figure 2: Changes in rates for companies in the third quarter of the first half of the year. There was a marked improvement in the operating cash flow of companies in the first half of the year.
In the first half of the year, the company’s solar epc operations were smaller and less expensive, while sales collections were stepped up, solar epc and other accounts receivable were returned more vigorously, and business cash flows were on track. The sharp decline in fund-raising was mainly due to the company’s completion of matching financing last year.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment