Increased profitability and exchange rate gains, 2022 performance The Great Wall (60133.sh) – Increased profitability — — Increased exchange rate gains, and the company's net return profit increased by 23.1 per cent in 2022
The annual increase in net profit returns is mainly due to increased productivity, increased car-type profitability, and increased exchange rate gains. On a quarterly basis, 2022q4 revenues are projected at $37,870 million, i.e. 17,0 per cent, ring + 1.4 per cent, while product structures continue to be optimized and new energy sources are fully active, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
..the brand has increased profitability upwards, new energy and intelligence in 2023, the structure of the company's products has been increasing upward profitability in 2022, with low sales prices of Eurasia, white cat replacements, the main vehicles of Eurasia, lightningcats, etc., and the constant power of the tanks 300 & 500, 2022.
Of these, Wei Blue Mountain dht-phev, tank 500phev, Huffh-dog have all shown up in Guangzhou, and the company's new energy sales are expected to increase in 2023. With organizational change & branding combined, the company's efficiency and sales are expected to increase further.
In 2023, the company will push for further organizational change. First, it will focus its capital on the q3 brand, which is a double increase in the q3 Māori ratio with the ring, and a single-quarterly profitable source of inputs that translates existing industry advantages into new energy advantages. Second, it will integrate high-end brands Wei and tanks.
The creation of the New High-City Information Update report accelerates the deployment of the high-end, luxury new energy market; third, the overall integration of Euro and Sharon in organizational management and the formation of a new organization focused on pure electricity; fourth, the Great Wall pickup will accelerate the new energy transformation.
The year of the same-year increase under the low base, Tan, will see a clearer layout of the company’s brand, which is expected to increase further in efficiency and sales.
Exchange gains, Hover's mixed values, we have to look forward to the company's update report.