High-end progresses in parallel with internationalization, with the launch of the 2022 annual report by the Investment Incident Corporation of the Great Wall vehicle (60163.sh), which achieved gross operating income during the reporting period
137,340 million yuan, an increase of 0.69 per cent in the same year; $7,967 million in operating profits, an increase of 25.09 per cent; and $8,266 million in net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies, the same amount
(i) A strong break in the bikeasp, with a high-end development strategy that significantly boosts Māori and drives performance. In 2022, the company achieved 1,116,000 vehicles and 1,061,000 vehicles, respectively, with a profit impact, but achieved a slight negative growth of 0.69 per cent in corporate operating income, mainly as a result of the company ' s products
High-end, diversified development strategies increase the value of the product. In 2022, the company’s bicycles, which were in short supply of high-origin tank products, sold 1,257,000 vehicles annually, a significant increase of 47.18 per cent, were the main driving forces behind the optimization of the company’s product structure and the improvement in its profitability.
(ii) Voluntarily going to the vault to squeeze short-term profits, q4 “deep-deep” surged in 2023. Corporate sales/management/research and development (R & D) rates increased significantly, respectively, throughout 2022. Of this, sales costs for the 04 season were 5.35 per cent, a significant increase over the same period.
2.53 percentage points, which is the main reason for the pressure on performance in a single season, is due mainly to the fact that company owners moved to lower their terminal stock and increased their return earnings to raise the cost of sales, and that cost control could be improved over time as the company's sales rate returns to normal.
(iii) Internationalized development boosts export volume + profit performance, with new car models and smart ecology protecting the carrier from growth in sales. In 2022, the company sold more than 170,000 vehicles abroad, a record increase of 23.09 per cent. Of these, 4.9 million pickups were exported, an increase of 5.71 per cent; and suv exports.
Figure 300 shows a relative depth of 11.58 million vehicles, an increase of 24.64 per cent over the same period; 7,440 cars, mainly new energy vehicles, are exported, and the Great Wall pickups have been broken down in the markets of South Africa, Chile, Australia and Thailand on several occasions.
The company’s exports continue to have significant potential, and in the context of a sustained recovery in the world economy and a recovery in global automobile consumption, corporate internationalization has steadily advanced, promising new income growth points. Future companies will include Wei Blue Mountain, Haver Dragon, and Olashadon.
The company’s forest ecosystems are being improved, its smart core parts are not tin-free, its nest is easy to create a third generation of semiconductor modules, and so on.
Successively, the project is expected to continue to empower the company with product rotation and technological strength, and to contribute to the company’s stability; the risk of production bottlenecks; and the risk of rising prices of raw materials.3 I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively, in a diligent and professional manner, which clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
It has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of the present report, and is now primarily responsible for research by the Automotive Industry Group.