Taking advantage of the opportunities for energy and electricity development, power projects have performed well, and China's electricity and power industries (601669.sh) are leading global power projects, building a whole industry chain for hydroelectric and hydroelectric projects.
China's electricity industry is a leading power-engineering company, with an integrated hydropower chain, with more than 80% of the country's river planning and large- and medium-sized hydroelectric power station surveying and design tasks, and more than 65% of the construction of large- and medium-sized hydropower plants, which account for more than 50% of the market share of the world's large-scale hydropower construction.
The performance has remained steady, with the number of new contracts growing by 36.17 per cent. The value of water and water and environment operating contracts is $154,799 million, a decrease of $47,844 million per month, a 6.78 per cent increase.
• New energy operations and pumping capacity are expected to become new business outlets The company’s future business growth points are in new energy operations and pumping capacity. With regard to pumping capacity, as of the end of 2023, the total capacity of our pumping reservoirs was 5,094 kilowatts (kW) if it was to reach the 2025 pumping capacity.
The volume target will be maintained at an annual rate of about 10.3% in 2024-2025. China’s electricity supply is the leading industry in the field of pumping water and energy, participating in the construction of about 90% of the country’s extraction and storage projects, and in 2023, the total share of clean energy was 84.6%.
The company’s operations cover the entire chain of hydropower projects, and the entire chain of water and electricity projects.
It includes three components: engineering and contracting, power investment operations and equipment manufacturing, and leasing. The company has undertaken more than 80% of river planning and large- and medium-sized hydroelectric power station survey design tasks in my country, and over 65% of facility construction workers in large- and medium-sized hydropower stations, which account for more than 50% of the global market for water and electricity.
The main author of the revision of technical standards and regulations for hydropower, wind and wind construction is China and the world ' s hydro-power collars. Figure 1: China ' s total industrial chain of hydro-hydro-power construction and electricity-covering companies have created many of the world ' s first-class projects.
Projecting, surveying, designing, constructing, operating, equipping and financing capabilities, taking over many national and international classic projects such as the largest photovoltaic power station in the Tacramagan desert, the first pumping power plant in Xinjiang, the first pumping power plant in Yunnan Province, the largest single-body photovoltage sand project in the country, the largest hydroelectric power station in Uganda and the Solomon Islands.
The island’s largest hydroelectric power station, Serbia’s most installed photovoltaic project, the largest wind project in South-East Asia, and Asia’s first cross-border new energy project.
It can be divided into engineering and contracting, power investment operations and equipment manufacturing and leasing.
The company has developed for a long time. The company was formerly China Hydropower and Water Construction Group Ltd., and in 2009 it was associated with the company’s company.
In January 2014, the company was officially renamed China Electricity Construction Corporation Ltd. and its shares were changed to China Power Construction. In 2015, the company's assets were restructured.
Indirectly controlled subsidiaries of the company plan for major asset restructuring in the south, and the south has a platform to integrate internal real estate operations. In 2022, the company made asset swaps and replaced assets related to the high-quality grid support industry held by the electricity and electricity conglomerate, completely stripping off the real estate business. In the same year, it released a 15 billion yuan increase plan, focusing on investment in wind and wind power.
Figure 2: China has a long history of power-building development, with a centralized equity structure in which the real shareholder is the National Investment Commission. The company’s first shareholder is the China Power Construction Group Limited, with a shareholding of 53.05% by the end of the first quarter of 2024, with a centralized equity structure and an actual shareholder.
100% of its 49 subsidiaries, with 50% and more of its 71 subsidiaries. The company includes 33 construction enterprises, including China Water, 1st to 16th Boards of Hydropower, 17 surveying and design firms, and 3 electricity investment and transport.
The company’s gross operating income and net profits have increased year by year. The company’s gross operating income and profits have increased steadily since it was listed, and the revenues from engineering and contracting operations have grown rapidly.
In 2023, it contributed more than 90% of its operating income, and the business sector has been growing at around 10% for almost a decade, while electricity investment and operations have continued to grow. The electricity investment business is the second largest operating block of the company, and it is an extension of the engineering and contracting section of the company. In recent years, companies have responded to the call of the country for double carbon to develop wind power, wind power and wind power.
The green power industry, such as photovoltaics, led to a rapid increase in the volume of revenue, which in 2023 generated $23,978 million, mainly from offshore electricity investment and operation projects. 1.3. R & D systems are improving and innovation capacity is increasing.
Corporate R & D capacity has been growing. In recent years, companies have been increasing their R & D investment in four major areas: hydropower, new energy sources, water environment and underground engineering, and spending on R & D has been increasing, with R & D spending rising by 23.23 billion yuan in 2023, an increase of 11.7 per cent in the same year, and R & D expenditure as a share of revenue from cagr in 2019-2023 was 19.8 per cent.
10 R & D institutions, 118 departmental R & D platforms, 9 academic workstations and 11 post-doctoral workstations; 112 national science and technology awards, 3561 provincial ministerial science and technology progress awards, and 35375 authorized patents, of which 4868 were inventions; 285 projects were awarded national honours in quality engineering, and the cost of R & D was significantly higher
1.4, adhere to a globalized development strategy, with 50% of the global market share adhering to a globalized development strategy. China has the world’s best hydropower capacity-building in power and electricity.
The market share of large- and medium-sized hydropower construction is as high as 50%. From 1958, companies have been out of the country for more than 60 years, with a rich bottom, team, system, brand, culture, channel, experience, well-established international marketing network, and a stronger risk-control capability for offshore operations. The level of internationalization is at the forefront of central firms.
The state strongly supports clean energy, companies seize the “double carbon” opportunity, “carbon peaks” to “carbon neutrality”, and clean energy has much to offer. Clean energy in carbon neutrals and settings will be the way forward.
Declares that China will increase its national ownership of its contribution and adopt stronger policies and measures for CO2 emissions. Annual national energy system-related co2 emissions of about 11.3 billion tonnes (including industrial process emissions), corresponding carbon emissions of 66%, 16%, and 15% respectively for coal, oil, and steel. Transportation at downstream consumption ends (11%) and construction (6%)
Although it currently accounts for a relatively small share, it may be increasing over time in the context of future population growth and deep urbanization, and is therefore also an important part of the "doubt carbon" path. Figure 15: Share of total carbon emissions in China in 2020
In order to guarantee employment and stable economic growth, the government continued to work in the infrastructure sector in 2021.
Central electricity investment is the main direction of the Government, and the Government ' s Report on the Work of 2022 explicitly proposes to strengthen the construction of pumping water storage power stations and to upgrade the power grid ' s capacity to absorb renewable energy generation.
China’s electricity industry, as the leading global power engineering enterprise, has a leading role in the steady growth track. At the same time, it provides services such as wind and light engineering, construction, etc., and is upstream in the new energy industry chain, where companies can take full advantage of the traditional advantages of planning and designing.
Involving new energy development resources and actively acquiring new energy construction tasks. Figure 16: Companies located upstream in the new energy industry chain, with the advantage of full-chain integration, new engineering firms sign a stable growth bill
3.1. Fully qualified and competitive, with steady growth in the number of new contracts, 14 subsidiaries under China ' s electric power construction flag have acquired a level-A qualification in the engineering design industry. China ' s electricity and construction industry has the leading engineering capacity in the country. As of June 2024, 44 countries had received a level-I in the engineering design and electricity industry.
Qualitative companies have been able to build in China with the first and second places in power, reaching 15 and 14, respectively, accounting for 34 and 32 per cent respectively. Corporate projects have had a prominent advantage. Corporate annual orders have continued to grow steadily since 2014, starting in 2014.
Companies have experienced a slowdown in the volume of new contracts over the same period, as a result of the downside of the market, but the number of new contracts has been high at 3.2, led by a two-carbon policy, and energy and electricity orders have grown rapidly since 2021. Companies have responded positively to the national “3060” carbon strategy.
Planning for the traditional advantage of new energy and pumping energy development, and active access to new energy and pumping water to build missions. New contracts for energy power from companies have increased significantly since 2021. New solar power service contracts in 2022, amounting to $279.89 billion, an increase of 44.54 per cent compared to 44.54 per cent.
The same amount of $780.51 million, an increase of 220.61 per cent, and the Fire and Power Business Contract, a growth of $33.64 billion, an increase of 54 per cent of new energy and electricity contracts in 2023, a rise in energy and electricity contracts since 2021
There is a downward trend in the number of new capital signs. Companies are fully involved in urbanization, maintaining market competition and investment belts, taking an active part in the development of infrastructure markets and project competition, and promoting infrastructure operations on an ongoing basis.
Housing construction, municipal construction, road construction, railway construction, etc., accounted for 57.19 per cent of infrastructure construction in 2023. In the future, projects such as urban renewal and the construction of secure housing are expected to continue to provide companies with large orders to ensure a steady increase in the scale of their operations.
4. Opening up the electricity investment and operation market, creating a second-growth curve 4.1, our power supply and demand is tight, and the green market is wide-ranging. The future electricity market is expected to be tight. In 2022, our per capita electricity generation was less than 40 per cent in Canada, not enough.
In the United States, 50% of the supply of electricity is still far below that of developed countries. As China’s economy grows, demand for electricity increases, but power supply is tight. In terms of market supply and demand, in 2021-2023, the country’s social electricity production was sold more than 100% for most of the time, with a certain supply and demand gap.
We are in a state of supply and demand constraint. Figure 26: Per capita electricity generation in 2022 was lower than in developed countries. Figure 27: We have a certain supply and demand gap in the electricity market
In recent years, the supply of green electricity, such as photovoltaics and wind power, has increased in the context of a two-carbon policy. In 2023, wind power and photovoltaic production were 80,905 million kWh and 29,397 million kWh, respectively, at a rate of 17.8% and 28.4%, respectively, of total electricity production.
By the end of 2023, our wind power and photovoltaic capacity were 441, 609 million kilowatts, an increase of 20.8 per cent and 55.2 per cent, respectively, and a five-year, double-digit increase.
Based on the 536 million kilowatts installed, the combined growth rate of wind installed capacity in 2024-2025 was at least 10.2 per cent. According to data from China ' s Electricity Supply and Demand Analysis Report 2024, solar installed capacity reached 840 million kilowatts in 2024, an increase of 37.8 per cent over the same period.
Figure 30: Total wind and power installed in the country by 2025 totalled 536 million kW, figure 31: solar power installed capacity is expected to reach 840 million kW in 2024, installed capacity is growing rapidly, and new energy operations are building a second-growth curve
China’s capacity to invest in new energy sources is growing. China’s electricity and electricity is the country’s first land-based wind and sea-based wind and wind developer and the country’s first major contractor for clean energy, epc, the company’s new energy and electricity, and its integrated strategy. The development of the Jiangsu-e-dong wind and wind farm is China’s first sea-based wind and wind project.
The Yunnan Ranch Ranch Field fills the gap in high-altitude wind power generation at home and abroad, Phoenix Hill in Hunanzhou, the wind farm is China's first low-winding mountain wind power project, and the Sichuan Mountain Uplifting Station is the world's largest mountain concentration photovoltaic power station.
By the end of 2023, the company held a total of 2,718,850,000 kilowatts of installed power grids, of which 841.28 thousand wind power units were listed in the Guidance for Investment Operations for the 14th Five-Year Period as 30gw of additional wind and light units in and out of the company.
5. Pumping capacity becomes a new growth point, refinancing provides support for the transformation of the company by 5.1, leading the market for pumping water storage energy, and Chinese electricity can be useful. Pumping capacity is an important support for the construction of new power systems for modern smart grids.
A reservoir, a sink, a distribution system, a plant, a switch station, and an electrical power system. It uses the excess power system. It extracts water from the underground reservoir and stores it into a water capacity. When the power system needs it, it discharges electricity from the upper reservoir and converts it into a hydroelectric power station.
With a variety of functions, such as peak filling, FM, modem, storage power, accident backup, black start-up, clean power systems, low-carbon, safe, stable, and economically efficient operation, the country’s pumping reserves can start late but rapidly.
In September 2021, the National Energy Agency launched the Medium- and Long-Term Development Plan for Pumping Energy (2021-2035), the first of its kind, entitled “Development of a modern extraction energy industry” and “by 2035, to meet the demand for large-scale development of a high proportion of new energy sources.”
At the end of the year, we had a total capacity of 5,094 kilowatts (KW) of pumped water reservoirs, with a combined growth rate of 13.9 per cent in 2019-2023. With the benefits of the 14th Five-Year Policy, the market for pumped energy was vast. By the end of 2020, Italy, the United States, Japan, Germany, France had a total capacity of 6.6 per cent, 2.0 per cent, 8.0 per cent, 2.7 per cent and 4.3 per cent, respectively, compared with only Italy.
There is still a large gap between 1.4% and developed countries, and there is much room for the development of pumping energy. The capacity of pumping water storage in the medium and long term amounts to about 60 million kW. China’s electricity construction is a leading industry in the field of pumping water storage energy if it is to reach its water-pumping storage capacity in 2025.
With 90% of the survey design and 78% of the construction of our pumping power plant, the central south, China east, northwest, and Beijing Survey Design Institute have performed very well on the pumping capacity. The Beijing Survey Design Institute was the country's first survey design unit to carry out technical research on the pumping power plant, and it was designed to build our first pumping capacity.
The South-Central Survey Design Institute plans more than 30 pumping storage stations in 10 provinces and cities, including Hunan and North. The Huadong Survey Design Institute is responsible for surveying the construction of the pumped water storage power plant, which has been built in 24 stations with a total installed capacity of about 30 million kilowatts.
The amount of the new contract for pumping capacity has increased rapidly. In 2023, the new contract for pumping power plants was $780.51 million, an increase of 220.61 per cent over the same period. The company won the bid and signed the new contract for the construction of the construction of the storage plant for the Zhejiang Gyeongningi water pumping plant.
The company plans to approve an investment in the construction of a pumping power plant with a capacity of approximately 23 million units during the 14-year period.
In May 2022, the company announced a non-public share proposal for no more than 35 subscribers.
This increase will help companies to meet the financial needs of their growing operations, optimize their capital structure, and further strengthen their corporate ownership and enhance their capacity to sustain them.
Capacity development. At the same time, the progressive support provided by the company’s general contractor for traditional hydropower construction to the upgrading of integrated developers around contracting for engineering in the areas of “water, energy, urban, sand” and, in particular, new energy and pumping energy, and investment in diversified operations is an important initiative of the company to achieve the 14th Five-Year Plan.
6. Profit forecasting and investment proposals Engineering and contracting: Engineering contracting and surveying the design business is the company ' s traditional and core business and the largest revenue contributor. In 2023, the business block achieved operating income of $550.560 million, compared to the same amount.
In the future, companies will continue to deepen their business transformation and upgrading, and while consolidating traditional business advantages, such as hydropower, new energy operations, such as solar power engineering, continue to expand in size, while profitability is expected to increase steadily as business adjustments and construction markets return.
Power investment operations: By the end of 2023, the company held a combined stock capacity of 2,71885 kilowatts (KW), of which: wind power, solar power generation, power generation, power generation, independent storage units were all growing at the same rate, while total clean energy accounted for 84.6 per cent of the total, with the company having an integrated competitive advantage, taking over the country’s wind power and photovoltaic strategic plans.
The year’s wind-loading capacity needs to reach 50.5%, and the future company’s new energy investment operations are expected to continue to grow. At the same time, the company, as the country’s first leader in water infrastructure development, has the advantage of integrating investment, construction, and operation of the entire industrial chain, accelerating the strategic shift from the traditional construction industry to integrated construction projects.
Other operations include, inter alia, manufacturing and leasing of equipment, marketing of sandstones, marketing of commodities and goods, franchising rights, and services. In 2023, the plate generated revenue of $34,870 million.
The decline in the size of the sale of easy-to-materials business and the corresponding decline in revenue, but more emphasis on efficiency gains, and profitability are expected to increase steadily at lower combined financing costs for finance leasing operations. Comparable corporate valuations show that comparable firms choose to be equally leading construction firms in the field of specialization.
China’s construction, China’s chemistry, China’s capacity to build, and China’s iron. In contrast to such companies, China’s electricity-building-pe valuation is at a higher level than that of comparable companies, mainly because of the higher-than-expected growth of orders in corporate engineering around hydropower, new energy power, etc. We expect to return to the mother’s net profit in 2024-2026.
If future investments in electricity and operations are less intense than expected, or if they affect the growth of the company’s business. The new ones are not growing as much as they are expected: companies are new ones with policy support, corporate strategic planning, and global strategic planning.
The economy is affected by factors such as the continuing downswing of the market environment or the failure to achieve a new one. The macroeconomic downside risk is that our economy is backsliding well, but at the same time there is insufficient effective demand, some sectors are overcapacity, social expectations are weak, and the external environment is still complex.