The volume of the shipment is steadily up, the layout of the mine is looking at the future \triangleright is increasing by the same amount, and the topcon product continues to be optimized.
\triangleright 64.48gw, corresponding to +18.31%, self-utilized components approximately 6gw, total component loads 70.47gw over 24 years. At the end of component products and market sales, the company continues to lead the topcon technological progression, 700w+
Dun Yongkang has continued to lead high-power n component products, and the market share has continued to grow. The i-topconultra technology based on the i-topconultra technology has led to a full-scale upgrade of power, efficiency, high-value radiation concentration and distributed applications.
In March of 25 years, the company developed its own technology.
210 large-sized silicone/crystal silicon two-end stacking battery assembly certified by the tüv test laboratory, peaked at 808w with the power of 808w, becoming the world's first industrial standard-size photovoltaic component with power exceeding the 800w threshold.
In April, 210 mm of large-area ore/crystal silicon silicon layers of solar batteries developed by the company were independently certified by Wang I, with a maximum battery efficiency of 31.1%, for the first time in industry at 210 mm of industrial level.
More than 31% of the battery efficiency in the size of the pool represents a full-scale breakthrough in the technology of the silicone stacks of the crystalline ore, from battery efficiency to component power. Multi-purpose operations go hand in hand, creating integrated energy solutions service providers.
All over the world, selling more than 10 gwh, and participating in a number of major domestic and foreign projects.
Q: q3 performance pressure to accelerate the distribution of overseas production capacity in the 2024/point area to the top five, and to create indigenous capacity in Saudi Arabia, with multiple hits on the gw-grade order.
In terms of distribution, the company ensures price stability by adjusting its customer structure in the immediate context of marketized transactions, assessing: accelerated expansion of overseas production capacity, creation of smart energy complexes, accelerated grid-connection to reduce plant stock risks and built up a complete power trader; and, in terms of concentration, the company.
Businessmen 2024/09/02 Obtaining wind storage project target 5.7gw, reserve 8gw, headlines for residents. Investment proposal: company is photo-intelligence head, forward-looking layout of mining technology, distributed light
Quarterly evaluation in 024: performance meets expectations \triangleright and consolidation of competitiveness with layouts - 2024/04/28
4. Tri-quarterly review of Tri-quarter 2023 Tri-quarter: steady improvement in performance and competitiveness by saving and shattering together - 20 \triangleright
5. Trina (688599.sh) semi-annual report 2023: Performance in line with expectations, risk of co-development, real competitiveness, international trade, etc.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.