Reported in 2021: Contract liabilities & stock increase, orders
2021h1 achieved operating income of 2,288 million yuan, i.e. +55.5 per cent, of which crystal growth equipment was significantly increased in profitability, high R & D investment contributed to a new breakthrough in semiconductor crystallization equipment, with a combined Māori rate of 36.5 per cent for 2021h1 and +6.4 pct, i.e. Māori for crystal growth equipment
The rate was 39.98 per cent, compared to +6.0 pct, with a Māori rate of 37.14 per cent for smart processing equipment, and the same ratio resulted in the development of the first 12-inch hard-axis alloy silicon single crystal furnace in the country and the successful production of 12-inch silicon crystals and breakthroughs in 12-inch semiconductor long-crystal equipment technology and processes.
▪ Contract liabilities & inventories have grown significantly, issuing goods with a higher degree of certainty in terms of future performance growth, benefiting from the rising silicon permeability of downstream photovoltaic industries and large scales of silicon, as well as the warming of semiconductors, and a significant increase in the number of corporate orders, with 2021q1 new orders exceeding $5 billion, close to 2020
At the end of 2021q1, the company ' s outstanding equipment orders amounted to $10.45 billion, of which the uncompleted semiconductor orders amounted to $560 million.
1. Crystal Gear Power (300316): Establishment of a joint venture with Hong Kong for the acquisition of silk print and silicon test assets
Performance forecast: Supermarket for photovoltaic equipment  profit forecast and investment rating: photovoltaic equipment is the first curve in crystals, second curve is half-field forecast, advanced materials + equipment blue
Production expansion with high certainty, semiconductor equipment operations vs. 55.5 per cent; net return to the mother of $60 million, vs. +117.2 per cent; net profit to the non-return to the mother of $545 million, vs. 1. performance is in line with market expectations, with high growth in the head of photovoltaic crystal equipment
q2 performed better than q1 on a quarterly basis. The company achieved operating income of 912 million yuan, or +27.4 per cent, and net profit to the mother of 282 million yuan, or +109.7 per cent; and q2 generated operating income of 1,376 million yuan, or +82.3 per cent.
The company, as the leader of its domestic long-crystal equipment, has a high share of all market orders (80-90% apart from Lungi), and has a clear advantage as an independent third-party equipment dealer. And the company continues to optimize its supply chain management through the concept of sophisticated manufacturing, and single-crystal single-silent shipments are creating historically high volumes.
With a 210-permeance increase, a major industrial transformation that will run through the next three years, 10,000 of the stock of the market's crystals are expected to be replaced; the silicon silicon silicon silicon chain is emerging, and we judge that the crystals engine will be coming to the top of the year of the new orders that have been placed since the company was founded. And, with the 210-sized challenge to hotfields and long crystals, the company's fists have increased.
The unit price of the optical-voltaic long-crystal furnace did not fall in any way and remained competitive in the long term. 2. The increase in profitability was evident, with high R & D inputs driving semiconductor long-crystal equipment to achieve a further 36.5 per cent of the combined M & A rate of 2021h1 and +6.4 pt, with M & D rates for crystal growing equipment.
39.98%, compared to +6.0pc, the Māori rate for smart processing equipment is 37.14%, compared to +6.6pc. The net interest rate for sales is mainly freight charged to operating costs; the administrative cost rate (including R & D) is 10.0%, compared to +0.8pc; and the financial cost rate is the result of high R & D inputs, which enabled the company to develop and grow its first 12-inch hard-axed silicon monocry furnace in the country.
12 inches of silicon monocrystal, with breakthroughs in 12 inches of semiconductor long-crystal equipment technology and processes. 3. Contract liabilities & stock increases significantly, and future performance growth with a relatively high share of commodities are indeed benefiting from the rising silicon permeability and large-scale silicon penetration in downstream photovoltaic industries, as well as the warming of semiconductor demand.
The volume of company orders increased significantly, with new orders of 2021q1 exceeding $5 billion, approaching the level of the year 2020 (the company signed new orders for photovoltaic equipment exceeding $6 billion for the whole year 2020), and by the end of 2021q1, the company ' s total outstanding equipment orders amounted to $10.45 billion, of which the unfinished semiconductor orders amounted to $560 million.
The production cycle is three months, and the receipt and inspection period is three to five months after delivery, and we're going to confirm the progress according to the order.
Figure 8: Unfinished equipment orders maintained at historical peaks as at 2021h1, mainly crystal growth and smart processing equipment. As at 2021h1, the net flow of business activity for Public 2021h1 was $532 million, or 32.1 per cent of the year, mainly for the delivery of orders
While production pays more for goods and services, the net cash flow of the company ' s operations for nine consecutive months is positive, indicating that the fluorescent silicon chain is on the rise to harvest in the context of the replacement of long crystallines, which are similar to semiconductors and of large sizes to the future. Since 2019, Lungi, Central Ring, Crystal, etc.
As a result of the silicon expansion project, which was launched successively by photovoltaic companies such as Jing Xao, 210 large silicon tablets are becoming more permeable. Of these, crystals power, which are the core equipment providers, are the most beneficial because it is different from other battery units, some of which can be modified for hundreds of millions of yuan/gw. With regard to the stock market, the industry has agreed on large silicon tablets, with a stock market of 1 for the next three to five years.
More than 10,000 single-crystal long-crystal furnaces need to be phased out, and the average annual inventory update of silicon production in the country is over 50 gw, corresponding to the 2020-2022 demand for stock equipment in excess of 10 billion yuan (200 million yuan/gw).
Silicon millers value the ability of equipment providers more than they are no longer in the first position, including: 1) delivery capacity, which, according to our calculations, under neutral assumptions, can deliver up to 21 items per day, or around 500 per month for six days per week, or four weeks per month. Crystal is the only single month in the country that can deliver more than 500 long-crystal stoves.
(c) Future R & D potential, with sustained R & D capacity, capable of continuously improving equipment production and reducing energy consumption. Companies will benefit significantly from the strength of their products.
The country’s main suppliers of monocrystals include crystals, Tianlong Photoelectrics, precision technology, Kyoto Express, connectivity, and North China. The city’s numbers are linked to Lungi, which works with Lungi’s deep-seal business.
In terms of demand in the stove market, the share of corporate sales is 90 per cent, the overall market is about 70-80 per cent, the main supplier in the industry, and it will benefit fully from the wave of silicon silicon expansion, which is about to reach its harvest.
In US$ 2 million, project II designed a monthly capacity of 220,000 8 inches of extremity, 200,000 12 inches of polish, 150,000 12 units (sets) and about 50% of the equipment nationalized. The company intends to launch the Tianjin plant extension and new construction projects, as well as the enhancement of the manufacturing support capacity of the Inner Mongolia factory, to reach 6 inches by the end of 2023.
The next 1 million a month, 8.1 million a month, and 12.6 million a month of capacity. According to our calculations, China will need 12.6 billion yuan for new equipment in 2021-2023, and China will need 7.1 billion yuan. The crystals engine is the central core equipment supplier with a Chinese lead, 10% shareholding. In June 2021, Krysing announced that China will be able to use the Chinese ring.
The central ring is expected to give priority to the crystal-spiriting equipment in the expansion, with orders for crystal-spill semiconductor equipment having a high degree of certainty and orders landing at a rate that is expected to be significantly higher than expected. Crystals are increasing their research and development investment in semiconductor equipment, resulting in semiconductor single-crystal growth and cutting.
(b) The technology content of the semiconductor semiconductor edge polisher has reached the level of the imported equipment and has been validated by customer technology;
Twelve-inch silicon double-face polisher, validated on the client. With the global semiconductor silicon industry's supply and demand spears in 2021, the capacity tension extended to the end of the device, and we've judged that the 2021 transistor power semiconductor equipment operation is expected to be supermarketed.
In the short term, by joining forces with Lansing (equipment/materials) the company has been successful in cutting the sapphire business as a share of revenue, which is expected to be another major growth point. In the long term, sapphire crystals are expected to be successfully deployed in applications such as cellular panels. The prevailing view in the market is that sapphires are expensive, and not.
It's applied to mobile panels and so on. But we're judging, like the bottom logic of the photovoltaic industry, that it's going to slow down, that when sapphire costs and prices break the zero threshold, large-scale bulk applications naturally occur, and that market space that sapphire brings is expected to be a more profitable growth point for crystallizer power.
7. Profit predictions and investment proposals. Photovoltaic equipment is the first curve of crystallizer power, and the second curve is the release of semiconductor large silicon units, so we expect downstream production to progress less than market expectations and semiconductor operations to progress less than market expectations.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board