A joint venture with Hong Kong for the expansion of the photovoltaic system — a review of the transistor power incident.
The company announced its intention to co-operate with Applied Materials (appliedmaterials, inc.) to set up a joint venture in Hong Kong by means of a replenishment, focusing on photovoltaic manufacturing systems and solutions, and Jing Seon power holding 65% of Ko Sein's equipment.
(a) Liave printing facility operations in Italy and chip detection equipment operations in Singapore with market value in circulation (millions): application of materials to lead the global semiconductor equipment, top supplier of photovoltaic equipment
Applied Materials was founded in 1967 as the world's largest semiconductor and display equipment manufacturer, covering manufacturing techniques such as cappvd, cvd, etching, ion injection, covering global semiconductor head enterprises such as table power, Intel, Samsung Electronics, Middle Cube International. In photovoltaic equipment, materials are used in precision.
Market leaders in the areas of silicon film manufacturing, silicon silica processing, printing and precision printing, whose baccini battery system has more than 40 years of technical experience in printing, and its continuous roll-out to the market of advanced battery designs as a product line for expanding the company's photovoltaic equipment to enhance integrated competitiveness
As a result of this cross-country collaboration, the company ' s photovoltaic equipment product lines have been enriched by adding battery arrays to the crystal growth equipment, smart processing equipment and stacking component equipment, connecting crystals to component-wide process equipment, and enhancing the company ' s combined services in the photovoltaic industry chain.
In the second half of 2021, the company was created as a platform for the industrial chain, considering the power of the material technology, we report a performance forecast: increased production of the silicon silicon and a significant increase in profits.
It is argued that cooperation between companies and applications of materials is expected to fully combine the company’s manufacturing capacity and cost-control advantages with advanced technologies, products and applications of materials to enhance the company’s integrated competitiveness. Wire-based printing equipment has market potential and widens the scope for company growth.
The silk printing equipment is the core of the crystal silicon cell block manufacturing chain. In the current carbon neutral and global context, the silicon expansion is going to take place, and the long crystals are going to sail.
The number of photovoltage machines is expected to continue to rise, leading to the expansion of battery film production, while new battery film productions are expected to reach 69.8 billion yuan in annual market space for battery film equipment and, based on a ratio of about 20 per cent of the value of silk print equipment, the market space for silk print equipment is expected to reach about 14 billion yuan between 2021 and 2023.
It is expected to open up a new growth space for the company by expanding the filamentary printing facility.
Semiconductor operations are growing, silk-printing equipment is potentially growing, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. The epidemic has resulted in less than anticipated volumes of photovoltaic machines around the world, less photovoltaic silicone, more batteries, less than expected, less progress on the ground, and less than expected domestic production of photovoltaic equipment.
1. Application of materials to lead global semiconductor equipment, corporate transnational cooperation to advance internationalization
1.1 Application of materials for global semiconductor equipment leader Applications of materials for global leading semiconductor equipment supplier, the world's top nanomanufacturing technology enterprise.
Stock exchanges are listed. There are currently more than 110 branches in 19 countries or regions around the world, with $17.2 billion in operating income from fiscal year appliance companies and $3.619 billion in net profit under United States accounting standards. Applied materials products include pvd, cvd, etching, rapid thermal treatment, ion injection, measurement and detection and clearing
Clarifying, etc., includes all the global semiconductor enterprises, including desktop power, intel, tristar electron, middle core, etc. In the case of solar photovoltaic equipment, the application of materials for cutting-edge manufacturing equipment, proven waste, technical and technological know-how, advanced automation, and the provision of services as a whole.
Key steps in the production of crystalline silicon photovoltaics from silicon to batteries.
The company intends to establish a joint venture in cooperation with the application materials, which will operate mainly in photovoltaics, pharmaceuticals, medical care (including medical devices) and silk printing, stacking, testing equipment development, manufacturing, marketing, installation and services (including cleaning) and solutions for the consumer electronics and automobile industry:
A joint venture agreement, a replenishment and a surrender agreement, is to be signed with Hong Kong's appliedmatures and appliance company.
The equipment registration capital was US$ 15 million, of which US$ 97.5 million was added to the power supply of the crystals engine, holding a joint venture with Hong Kong to sign a share purchase agreement with Singapore Holdings, a fully-owned subsidiary established in Singapore for the acquisition of equipment applications.
• At the same time as the share purchase agreement, the company Kryptonite Power, Cochin Equipment and Application Materials and its affiliate, Applied Materials (China) Ltd., and Applied Materials (Sion) Ltd., signed the Chinese Asset Acquisitions
The joint venture proposes to spend a total of US$ 12 million on the purchase of silk-net printing equipment under the banner of Applied Materials, which is located in Italy, the chip-testing business in Singapore and the Chinese capital of the above-mentioned business, mainly in the areas of photovoltaics, health care, automobiles and consumer electronics.
2. The product lines of photovoltaic equipment have been expanded further to a larger market space, and the product lines of photovoltaic equipment of 2.1 companies have been enriched, with the application of state-of-the-art technology expected to enhance the company’s product lines of photovoltaic equipment.
The product is based on crystal growth equipment, smart processing equipment and stacking component equipment, adding battery piece equipment links, further enriching the company's product lines in the field of photovoltaics, connecting the process process from crystals to components Equipment, upgrading the company's combined services in the photovoltaic industry chain, and building the company into an industrial chain platform.
Figure 5: The company’s photovoltaic equipment product lines are further enriched, the core technological advantages are enhanced, and the company’s overall competitiveness is expected to be enhanced. The applications are market leaders in the field of integrated battery metalization technology, the provision of industry’s top silicon silicon processing, print quality and precision printing capacity.
The company's baccini battery system products are industry pioneers with more than 40 years of filamentary printing skills, and we believe that the company's collaboration with the application materials is expected to fully combine its manufacturing capacity and cost control advantages with the application materials advanced technology, products, and enhance the company's integrated competitiveness.
2.2 Wire printing is a core equipment for crystal silicon cells, and between 2021 and 2023, the most critical step in the manufacture of crystal silicon solar cells is the production of a very fine circuit network on the front and back of the crystal silicon silicon so that optical electrons can be exported from solar cells, a metal plating process in most cases.
And it's done through silk-printing techniques, where metal-containing conductive slurry is printed through the netholes of the silk-line in the crystal silicon forming circuits or electrodes. Wire-printing is also used to create selective emitters. There are currently multiple ways of producing selective hair in PV cells.
The cellular unit investment costs are decreasing, and the value of the filament printing equipment is about 20%. According to China's photovoltage.
The Association's data indicate that in 2020, new battery line production equipment remained dominated by perc production lines, with the cost of equipment investment reduced to $225 million/gw; the cost of investment in the n-tipcon battery line equipment was approximately $270 million/gw, slightly higher than that of the perc batteries: the cost of investment in the heterogeneous claircon equipment was $450-55 million/gw.
From 2021 to 2023, China is expected to have a market space of about 14 billion yuan for crystal-silicon wire network printing equipment. Based on the projected optimism of the size of the global photovoltaic market in cpia, global photovoltage is expected to reach 170 per cent in 2021 to 2023, respectively.
225, 270gw. Assuming 60% of global battery production capacity, 10% of the capacity lags out each year, the share of topcon and hjt in new production capacity continues to rise, the share of investment in silk printing equipment is 20%, and the market space for silk printing equipment in China is projected to be 38,5257 million yuan in 2021 and 2023, respectively.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report were based on compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly reflects my research views and makes reasonable judgements that lead to conclusions that are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.I.S.S.C. has the qualifications for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.C.C.
A basic form of enquiry is the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related effects of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, etc.