The telecommunications business arpu continues to pick up, the industry’s digital business is growing rapidly, the “Cloud Change” strategy is fully implemented, and the revenue structure is being optimized. Companies are actively seized of digital economic development opportunities, the “Cloud Change” strategy is being fully implemented, and cloud network services are being developed.
Strengths, steady growth in basic business, rapid growth in industrial digital business, first half of the year of the company, billions of yuan, 6 per cent more than the same year; and income from fixed nets and smart household services, 59.9 billion yuan, 5g and gigabytes of broadband, driving up demand for personal and household digital consumption, mobile and broadband.
Business arpu is growing steadily. The company continues to upgrade its 5g network coverage, precisions the 5g web access, optimizes the experience of cloud vr/ar, cloud games, super-high clearances, creates innovative applications such as 5g messages, 5g new calls, and quantum encyclopedias, and constantly expands the product under 5g scenes.
Millions of households, representing a net increase of 11,79 million households and a steady increase in the share of users, reached 232 million households with a penetration rate of 60.3 per cent and maintained industry leadership. With regard to household operations, companies have continued to push for an upscaling of broadband users, accelerating the expansion of megaproducts and focusing on clients.
Digital life upgrades the demand for a broader, wider and more intelligent digital life application platform that promotes applications that move from monolithic to eco-connectivity, which enriches digital life and fosters a steady growth in household business. Broadband access revenue for companies reached $40.8 billion in the first half of the year.
RMB, 7.1 per cent more than the same year, with 175 million cable broadband users, of whom 20,668 million have reached a penetration rate of 11.8 per cent, leading the industry. With the simultaneous increase in user value and size, mobile operations and broadband aprú have reached $46 each in the first half of the year.
In comparison with the 47.2 yuan increase of $1 and 1.3, respectively, in 2021, the industry’s digitized business is growing rapidly, and the government’s cloud market continues to lead. During the reporting period, companies actively seized the combined letters of the current networking, digitization, and intelligence of the various sectors of the economy and society.
Demand for interest services, taking advantage of the full range of web resources, client accumulation and territorialization services, building on rich applications and big data, focused projects and product dual-engine drivers, building differential integration advantages, actively empowering traditional industries to scale up, company industry figures for the first half of the year
In the case of cloud computing services, the company provides a multi-form, high-performance, inclusive mix of public and private cloud services for governments, businesses and the general public around the up demand of different client groups.
In the first half of the year, companies received $28.1 billion in revenues, an increase of 100.8 per cent over the previous six months, and in the Idc business, companies accelerated capacity-building in new hubs around the need for “East West” engineering.
This is an increase of 11.1%. Network sharing reduces investment burdens, and research and development inputs increase core competitiveness.
One hundred and eighty thousand stations, reaching 870,000 with 5g base stations, 210,000 additional 4g base stations shared, and fast-tracking the "4g one network" with cumulative savings of $240 billion on both sides, significantly reducing the financial pressure on companies to invest. The company’s R&D costs in the first half of the year amounted to $3.25 billion, an increase of 84.8 per cent.
The main reason for this is that companies build core STI capabilities, stimulate technological talent and innovation, and increase R & D to 1.35 per cent for core R & D inputs, such as cloudnet integration. Companies have a strong marketing and administrative cost control capacity, with lower cost rates of 0.14 ptt and 0.14 ptt in the first half of the year, respectively.
Gives high priority to shareholder returns and delivers on the promise of increased dividends. The company attaches great importance to shareholder returns, works to enhance profitability and cash flow creativity, and the board decided to release the first medium-term dividends in 2022, with the profits to be distributed in cash for the first half of 2022.
It was stated that the Board would take a comprehensive look at the 2022 distribution of dividends programme and make recommendations to the general meeting of shareholders, taking fully into account corporate profitability, cash flow levels and future development finance needs, and continue its efforts to create good value for shareholders.
Broadband penetration rates of 5g and gigabytes are not as high as expected; the process of digital transformation of domestic industries is not as high as expected; capital spending and cost controls are not as high as expected; and market competition is increasing.