In the 4g-to- 5g era, 5g communications were built.
During the steady push, the increased telecommunications performance and the increase in the number of base stations will prompt the telecommunications light module to move up the price. In the data breakup era, cloud-combating computing services are on the rise, for idc.
There are greater operational efficiency requirements, both for the operator data centre and for cloud computing services.
The demand for high-performance light modules is increasing. As mobile communications are in a 5g replacement period, adding up the demand for idc due to a data flow outbreak, the light module enters the "telecommunication plus data" resonance order (034011900032).
Industry M&As change the pattern of competition, and silicon light technologies are applied or become one of the directions of technology development. M&As have become one of the trends in the lightware industry. Companies have strengthened their industries in M&As, thereby enhancing the current market.
Changes, especially mergers and acquisitions between taps, will increase competition. The silicon light module and the transect light module have their respective advantages. As the performance requirements for the silicon light module increase, silicon light technology will be one of the ways to break the bottlenecks in the development of the traditional light module.
In the short term, the market is still dominated by traditional products, and the silicon light module market still needs to break out. The company is the leader of a digital light module, and the technology is in the forefront of the industry. In 2017, the Global Lightware Division ranked second in sales; and the overall market share in the data centre area grew at a full rate in 2018.
The company has the leading technology in the industry, including a unique optical design envelope platform, super-high optical coupling efficiency, high-speed light module design capability, high-frequency circuit and signal integrity professional design, and autonomously developed fully automated and efficient testing platforms. In addition, the company has a certain level of silicon light.
For the first time, it is proposed to raise 1,556 million yuan in non-public distribution for research and development of 400g products, industrialization, 100g products and 5g wireless capacity building.
Whether digital or telecommunication, production capacity will be enhanced, and the layout of the next generation of products will help companies to develop markets while consolidating existing market shares. Investment advice: maintain prudential recommended ratings.
The 5g replacements and changes in the communications architecture will trigger demand for the telecommunications light module. The data flow outbreak has increased demand for the idc, and the construction and upgrading of the idc will increase demand for the optics module.
The product covers light modules at different speeds, such as 10g/25g/40g/100g/400g, serving mainly domestic and international customers in areas such as cloud computing data centres, data communications, 5g wireless networks and telecommunications transmission networks. While maintaining the market advantage of the digital module, the company successfully cuts into the 5g communication light module.
Markets. At present, the number of products originating from the pipeline has remained in the lead, the 5g pre-light module has been delivered in bulk to equipment dealers, and the certification of related products continues. As a result, prudential recommended ratings are maintained. New production is expected to fall short of expectations; outbreak control is not expected; national policy changes are taking place.
1. The business transition to a digital light module led by Intermediary, an intermediatic device, was listed on the business board in 2012. At the beginning of the listing, the company was mainly engaged in research and development, design, manufacturing, marketing and servicing of sub-unit manufacturing equipment. The company disclosed for the first time on 10 September 2016.
Suzhou Xinjiang is engaged in research and development, design, production of high-speed optical and electrical modules and testing systems, fibre-optic sensors, and marketing of the products developed. In 2017, Suzhou Xinjiang was listed as the parent company, which changed its name to Mid-Sud.
The company, which takes over all of the assets, debt and personnel of the parent company that are related to the production of the machine-circles, will be fully operated by the middle-intelligence of fully-owned subsidiaries. After M&A restructuring and resource consolidation, the middle-circumstance has been transformed into a control management platform.
The company is one of the leading companies in the country that manufactures equipment around electric machines. It is one of the first companies in the country to do research and development on equipment around electric machines.
The service flow integration model, based on design advice, is designed to provide a full-time technical service for downstream customers, completes all the links related to electrical products, provides technical support for the various links, adapts them on site, and has a more complete inter-median intelligent production line. The company is a small number of factories in the country that can provide a set of tailoring devices for customers.
At home, one can provide the equipment needed to make all the production processes by means of a chording. Intermediary smart products cover domestic appliances, industrial power generators, new-energy auto power units, single processors, multi-processors, semi-automatic wires, and automated smart lines, with more than 30 series and more than 200 varieties of products.
1.1.2 High-end optical communication module The parent company acquired the production capacity of the module through the M & A acquisition of Siochuan, Suzhou. Xinjiang, Suzhou, was created in 2008 and was selected by the “thousands of people” of Liu San-cao. According to the announcement issued by the parent company, the total number of companies increased up to the time of the merger reorganization.
Twelve transfers were made and seven equity transfers were made. The fifth transfer (resolution time: 20 May 2016) introduced Googlecapitalhk. Xinjiang, Suzhou, was mainly engaged in the development, design and manufacture of high-speed light communication modules, focusing on high-capacity, minimaculation, low-capacity, low-cost high-speed light communication modules, cloud computing data centres, none.
Since the parent company did not deal with the OCD business prior to the merger, when the merger was completed, the parent company acquired the power to produce the Omnibus. The Omnibus is mainly based on the production model “to sell the ordered product” and production plans are based on the client's order;
It is based on direct sales patterns, direct to visitors such as cloud computing Internet service providers or communications equipment providers for technology and product promotion, contracting and delivery, post-sale technical support and services.
Light modules at different speeds, such as 10g/25g/40g/100g/400g, serving primarily domestic and foreign customers in areas such as cloud computing data centres, data communications, 5g wireless and telecommunications transmission networks. Suzhou ' s promise of performance has been met and the probability of large-scale asset impairments is low.
With $279 million in real profits of $236, 589 and 663 million, performance commitments have been exceeded. Given the relatively low probability of large-scale asset impairments resulting from mergers and acquisitions, it is expected that the parent company’s finances will remain relatively stable, with two product lines of the receiving and receiving module.
There has been a significant increase in sales of the optical communication module. From operating income, since 2017, when the table is combined, the light model figure 4: Gross operating income and sales of the light module.
Light communication becomes the dominant option for communications network construction. Light communication, because of its fast-paced nature, meets the demands of modern communications and becomes the mainstream in the choices for network construction. In light communications, signals are transmitted in the form of light in the network, but the endpoints using the signal are used as a medium for transmitting information. To achieve the conversion of both signals, hit.
The light module is, in essence, a PV conversion. The light module is a connection module that functions as a PV, with two ports, the sender and the receiver. The sender converts the signal into a light signal, and transmits it through fibre-optics.
The reception then converts the light signal to a telecom. The light module performance is one of the factors determining the efficiency of the network. The module consists of optical electronic devices, functional circuits and light interfaces, which include both launch and reception. The light module is divided into point-to-point (p2p) light modules and point-to-point (p2mp) light modules, depending on the scene used.
Blocks are representative of point-to-points, with modules being used in pairs, and with one or two fibre-optics for transmission from a distance to the backbone of the communications network, mainly for use in the communications network. The pon light module is representative of point-to-point, with the greatest feature being that it can not be used in pairs, but with a shorter transport distance of about 20 km, which is used mainly for communication network access.
Light modules are mainly used in the telecommunications market and data markets. In the telecommunications market, the primary customer of the light-module manufacturer is the manufacturer of communications, while the end-user is the operator. The primary application of the data-based module is the data centre. Therefore, the primary demand side of the data-based module is the unique web content provider (icp:internetcontentprovider).
telecommunication products differ from digital ones, but in the context of a traffic outbreak, there is a 2.1 mobile communications upgrade for network efficiency, a 5g-based light telecommunications module bright spot, and a communication upgrade for different functions. Mobile communication technologies are updated about every 10 years, from the first generation of technology.
The generation of the fifth generation of technology has now been built and expanded, with communications moving from voice transmission to mobile interconnections and moving into the interconnectivity generation. Each generation of communication technologies has its own characteristics, with different levels of performance compared to the previous generation of technology, creating a better sense of experience for users and providing soil for downstream applications.
Figure 7: The history of the world’s communications technology development. Communications require support from hardware equipment. A new generation of communications technology commercializes with the support of hardware equipment, operators need to upgrade the equipment to provide the relevant services, and inputs to the equipment will be increased.
In the case of 5g communications, on 6 June 2019, the Ministry of Trade and Communications officially issued 5g commercial licences to China for telecommunications, China for movement, China for connectivity, and China for electricity. So, in 2019, it was the first year of construction of 5g, and the operator’s capital expenditure increased in the same proportion.
With national policy taking hold, operators will accelerate the construction of 5g, and it is expected that the rate of capital spending by operators will increase by 2.1.1 mobile traffic surges, leading to the upgrading of the carrier network, and to a trend in the flow of mobile data. In the 4g era, downstream applications such as Internet shopping, small videos, etc., have emerged to make mobile data available.
According to data published by the Institute, cumulative mobile Internet traffic amounted to 110.7 billion gb in January-November, down to 77.4 per cent in the same year; of this, 11.1 billion gb, or 99.5 per cent of total mobile interconnectivity traffic, fell to 78.8 per cent in November.
To reach 8.27gb. The 5g era will continue the 4g flow outbreak trend in mobile data flows. In South Korea, for example, since the launch of 5g commercials in April of the year, the penetration rate of 5g users and 5g userdous have continued to rise. From September data, 5g households in South Korea have moved Internet access traffic of about 26gb and 4g users of about 9gb, with both users moving data.
In terms of downstream applications, the three Korea operators specifically focus on ar,vr, game-publishing content and platform activities based on 5g, stimulating the activity of 5g users, making mobile data use more than 4g.
The upgrade of the telecommunication light module is inevitable. Since 5g is an age of interconnectivity, the enhancement of mobile broadband (embb), high reliability of low-time connectivity (urllc) and the bulk of mass (emtc) are the three main applications of 5g, mobile data will show a large and diverse trend and new requirements for data transmission will arise.
Impacts require that the transport efficiency of the carrier network be enhanced to meet data transmission needs. The light module, as one of the more important components of the light communication network, has a certain counterweight to network efficiency.
The requirement increases, and the high performance light module requirement is gradually released. 2.1.25 g of communication properties builds the incremental market. 5g spectrum determines the number of base stations to increase. For 5g network coverage, sub6g frequency band or millimetre wave may be used.
The 5g spectrum assigned to the three operators in the country is within the scope of the sub6g frequency band, but because most of the spectrum is in the high frequency segment, there is a certain requirement for base density. It is known from physics that when the wave speed is certain, the frequency is shorter when the wave speed is high. The 5g communication is based on the sub6g high frequency band, and the resulting advantage is bandwidth, bandwidth.
The frequency of 5g communications is higher than 4g communications, so the 5g base station will be larger than the 4g base station. The number of single base station light modules is increasing.
The requirements for network transmission will also be raised, resulting in a new generation of communications networks increasing the use of single-base station light modules. As the 56 network architecture is not yet fully defined and there are differences among operators in the 56 network options, the usage of 56 web-based modules will vary from operator to operator, but the trend in light module usage will not change.
For example, light module usage will vary according to the different programmes, with six or 12 units expected to be used, and more units will be used without dividing them under a given programme. 5g communication structure with a new central part of the network. 5g bbu-band is partly split into the co-logic logs ofcu and du.
Wireless protocol functions at the pdcp level and above are performed by cu, wireless protocol functions below pdcp are performed by du, while radio frequency units and parts of the base layer of physics make aau. The middle line between c and du is a new change in the 5g communications structure. As operators are expected to consider deployment difficulties, costs, etc.
The factor is that du and co-location will be considered in the pre-construction phase of 5g to increase the speed of coverage of 5g. But as the 5g technology diffusion, downstream application development and 5g application scenes gradually fall, demand for low-time delays will rise, and du and cu will be deployed separately to optimize network transmission and enhance network efficiency.
The 5g group network will stimulate the demand for light modules. The increase in the number of base stations means that demand for light communications is increasing, and the demand for light modules will be larger as a link that is not accessible in light communications. Moreover, the use of the modules will continue to increase, based on different scenarios 5g single base station light. From the point of view of building the base stations, the demand for light modules will follow the 5g group network.
Process advances are released. The light module increment resulting from structural changes is a non-existent process, and it is expected that the demand for the light module will gradually emerge as downstream applications generate demand for the network environment. 2.2 Data flow burst into the light module market and breathed new life into it.
2.2.1idc Industry scenes are growing demand for up-scaling light modules Data flows have increased demand for idc resources. As a result of the wide range of downstream applications of 5g communications technology, data volumes in three major applications will enter a new wave. In addition, the expansion of cloud computing operations and the rise of marginal computing have also led to data.
In 2021, Cisco predicted that global idc-processed data flows would reach 20.6zb, representing 99.04 per cent of global flows; of these, idc processed internally, flow between idc, flow between idc and idc to users, 14.7zb, 2.8zb and 3.1zb, respectively. Only 0.2zb global traffic does not belong to the data centre and represents only 0.2zb.
The global traffic ratio is 0.96%. At the rate of increase, the global data centre complex will increase at 25% in 2016-2021; and the cloud data centre will increase at a faster rate, at 27% annually. idc dominates global data flow management and exchange, and the data flow outbreak will increase the demand for idc resources.
The light module is an important part of the data centre's light communication network. Data connectivity in the data centre is based on light communication, while the light module in the light network is essential. Network traffic patterns in the data centre can be divided into two types, one client and the server, and two different servers, and the network between the data centre or the different data centres.
Flows. Based on these two types of traffic data, the data centre communications light module can be divided into three categories by type of connection: the first is used to achieve interconnectivity between users and data centres, the second is used to achieve interconnectivity between data centres and the third is used to achieve interconnectivity between data centres (dci). The data centre transmission function can be achieved with the involvement of the data centre.
The light module is critical in the data centre, and the construction and upgrading of the idc will boost the demand for the luminous module. Cloud computing firms will have their capital costs warmed and gradually move out of the inventory cycle. The idc construction will require financial input, a cloud computing plant.
Since q2 in 2018, there has been a slowdown in capital expenditure. But in q2 in 2019, the situation has eased, with a return to positive spending.
In addition, domestic cloud computing firms have accelerated their expansion. Of these, 100 have been working on three mega cloud computing data centres within a month since October 27, 2019: China's Mobile Cloud Energy Centre, Deputy Managing Director Wu Shijun, stated at China's Mobile Global Partners Conference that the development goal of the mobile cloud is three years.
Entering the first camp of domestic cloud service providers with a total investment of more than 100 million grades over three years. 2.2.2idc ridge structure changes the idc layout to the ridge structure. Due to past data flow, North-South data (between data centres and clients) is used to be used as a source of data.
Mainly, the three-storey network architecture is the main idc layout. In this scenario, because the three-storey network architecture will have an impact on route-to-way routes, this will result in a significant delay in the migration of data, which will require up to five layers of east-west traffic. According to Cisco, the data in the data centre in 2021 will be 71.5% of the total data.
There is a need for internal data exchange. In the event of an increase in the volume of data and a high demand for time delay, the three-storey network frame has become difficult to meet data processing and transmission needs. Moreover, to meet applications such as cloud computing, virtualization of network resources, large data centres, etc., has become a trend, and the three-storey network structure has become difficult to adapt to the times.
A new option for the idc layout. The spinal structure enables full web links to the data centre, reduces the need for equipment to search for or wait for connection during server data exchange, improves the efficiency of data transmission and meets high performance computing cluster applications. In this framework, network delays can be reduced, on the one hand, and the spinal switch, on the other hand.
The foliage structure increases the need for high performance light modules. There are differences in the design of the three-storey network architecture and the foliage structure in the chain. In the data centre 10g solution, the three-storey network architecture is connected to the external access layer switch and to the internal server.
Connections are connected by 1g/10g links, the assembly layer by 40g links and 100g links to the core. Instead, the ridge structure uses a 10g link for external access to the leaf exchange and connections to the internal server, and the ridges are connected by 40g or 100g links to the upper leaf exchange and the ridge switch. In the ridge frame, all ridge exchanges need to be connected, so
The demand for high-speed light modules is more than 10 times higher than the three-storey network structure. The light module overlaps to respond to network upgrades and structural changes. The transmission rate of the Tainet interfaces has grown more or less linearly over the past decades, at a rate of about 10 times every 10 years. In the 10g solution, the server interface is 10 gbps.
The interface is 40 gbps. With the data flow explosion, it has become a trend to upgrade the speed of transmission by the hypernet, and the data centre currently uses most of the 25g/100g network option (the server interface is 25 gbps, the interface between the switchboard is 100 gbps). The demand for light module performance will also increase, based on the idc rotation to a more high-speed network.
At this stage, most of the new idc is based on a foliar ridge structure and some of the light modules will be iterative. This will increase the number of high-speed light modules, which will result in 100g light modules being the mainstream product and 400g products being distributed intensively.
Deployment, while the next generation of 400g products has been released by a number of companies, including domestic light module manufacturers. According to 0vum, the 100gb/s light module is projected to grow rapidly in 2017, and the 100gb/s light module is expected to generate more than $7 billion in sales revenue by 2022. Currently, 100g products are still being deployed in large numbers, while for 400g products, the North American Clouds are still in large numbers.
Most of the computing firms are in the product validation phase, with Google having only small deployments. As the idc construction and upgrading process continues, it helps to replace and release high-speed light modules.
Chips, the network bandwidth of Tomahawk4 doubled from 12.8 tb/s to 25.6 tb/s compared to the previous generation of tomahawk3 chips, which supported 64 groups of 400gbe or 256 100gbe portals with twice the performance of the previous generation. Since tomahawk3 already supports 400g ports, tomahawk3 cores for the industrial chain
After the release of the film, the 400g exchange industry moved to the R & D stage. Since 2017, the 400g switch has been going well since the release of the Tomahawk3 chip, and in 2018 mainstream exchanges such as Cisco, rista, junpier and others competed to publish 400g exchange products. By 2019, a rich 400g series of products had been made available, while domestic digital companies such as Xinhua III, Xinhua III, Xinhua and others.
In 19 years, the sharpness of the 400g switch product was rolled out and the switch was the first to achieve a 400g high-density transmission. In general, it takes two to three years from the roll-out of the switch chip to the light module. Therefore, the 400g light module is expected to be phased in by 2020. Moreover, the chip is released because the Tomahawk4 chip has a greater indication of performance.
The cargo is fast-moving for the 400g exchange industry chain, helping to speed up the deployment of the 400g light module. Figure 22: BX chip release and associated light module delivery Summary: Communications performance increased and base stations increased during the 4g-5g era, as communications were built steadily.
In the age of data eruptions, the rise of cloud-filling computing services has placed greater demands on the efficient operation of idc, both the operator data centre and the cloud computing service provider data centre, and the need to improve the efficiency of their data centres in the face of the explosive growth in data availability has led to a demand for high performance light modules.
As mobile communications are in a 5g replacement period, the demand for idc is rising in the superimposed data flow, and the light module is entering the "telecom+data" resonance development phase.
3.1 Mergers and acquisitions are frequent, industrial concentrations are increasing. Mergers and acquisitions in the optical equipment market are the main demand.
Integration is one of the main reasons for the restructuring of corporate M & As. In this context, horizontal integration creates a more complete product line by combining non-sourced and active devices, complementing synergies between different product lines; vertical integration is a complete solution through upstream and downstream acquisitions; and technological integration, such as silicon photons, represents the future integration of advanced technologies, making them more competitive.
Regardless of the type of integration, M & As enhance the competitiveness of firms and will facilitate firm consolidation of market shares. Figure 23: Important M & As in the lightware industry (2012-2019)
M&As will exacerbate the pattern of competition in the market. In M&As, the acquisition of ii-vi vinisar is one of the focal points in the industry. According to the Oida report, finisar has the world ' s first share in the lightware market, accounting for 14% of the market share, while ii-vi
In terms of market share, the two companies will combine and then occupy about 20% of the market share, and the conglomerates will occupy the world’s top position. On the product line, because of the competitiveness of the two companies in different areas, the merger will complement each other and be better off while keeping ahead.
In this development pattern, leading firms are expected to gain a greater share of the market through a complementary formula. Moreover, M & As will be instrumental in technology R & D and transformation.
Competition in the market will increase. Figure 24: Market share of 2017q2-2018q1 light appliances Summary: Mergers and acquisitions have become one of the trends in the lightware industry.
This trend will lead to a change in the pattern of competition in the industry, especially in the case of mergers and acquisitions between poles, which will increase competition. 3.2 Silicon Light is one of the trends in technology development.
The conventional light module differs from the silicon module in its process. The light module is a device for PV conversion, which functionally requires modem and reception of light signals. So the light module structure consists mainly of light sources, modems, detectors, etc.
For silicon-light modules, design based on the cos manufacturing process is the greatest feature of the device. The silicon crystal circle technique has been used to use the corrosion process plus extra growth, etc.
Key instruments, such as receivers, which achieve high integration of modems, receivers, and non-source optical devices. Silicon light modules have unique advantages. Traditional light modules are manufactured based on integrated circuit technology, and their development paths follow Moore's law. At present, industry demand for light modules evolves towards miniaturization and high performance, but with transistors changing in size.
Small, electricity interconnections face many constraints, and the production of conventional light modules faces a moored law failure. In the context of miniaturization, increased power consumption and loss of performance will be faced in the traditional programmes. The Silicon Light Integration Programme integrates optical devices with electronic components to achieve light signal processing and telecom processing.
Deep integration is a dual innovation at the chip level and the containment level. Silicon light integration technology will follow the photo-concentration path to the development of the photo-integration and eventually the interconnectivity of the chip. Moreover, with the application of etching processes, rapid production can be achieved when the volume is reduced.
Source configuration, with large-scale production capacity, will significantly reduce the cost of manufacturing. Annually, $455 million, up to $4 billion in 2024, with an annual compound growth rate of 44 per cent. Data centre light module and medium- and long-range proximity module are the two most important types of silicon light module shipments, mainly for idc and electricity.
From 2016 to 2018, the market share of the silicon light module was intel and luxtera, and the market share of intel was expanding. On ecoc in 2018, intel announced that its latest 100g silicon transceiver was optimized to meet bandwidth requirements for the next generation of communications infrastructure.
Intel also expects the 400g silicon light module to be delivered in the second half of 2019. Although domestic silicon light manufacturers have not yet had the capacity to challenge the poles, some progress has been made in the development of relevant technologies. Ali, the cloud announced the launch of the 400gdr4 light module based on silicon light technology to support its next generation network of data centres, the new module.
The silicon light module market will take time to break out. While silicon light devices have advantages over traditional devices in manufacturing processes and performance, their output is not yet fully available in the lightware market.
Large competition continues to come from traditional inp and gaas separation and integration devices/modules. Silicon light modules are difficult to release in the short term due to the relatively mature technology of the traditional light module and the low operational requirements of the deployment environment. Moreover, due to the high pre-natal input of the silicon device and the limited input of the relevant manufacturer into the silicon light module before the scale effect is reached, it is further limited
The traditional light module is still the mainstream choice, and the silicon light module is still time-consuming. Summing up: the silicon module and the traditional light module have their own advantages. As the performance requirements of the silicon module increase, the silicon light technology will be one of the ways to break the bottlenecks in the development of the traditional light module.
The market is still dominated by traditional products in the short term, and the silicon light module market still takes time to break out. “Data+Telecom” resonance, with a digital tap cut into the 5g telecommunications market.
The state share of the market for luminous devices is about 7%. In 2017, the world’s first-largest producer of luminous devices, the world’s largest market share in the data centre area, was the largest in 2018. Middle archite has become one of the leading players in a number of light modules. Its primary clients are the world’s top three data centre operators, first-class equipment manufacturers, and North America, Europe.
The company has leading technology, including unique optical design envelope platforms, super-high optical coupling efficiency, high-speed light module design capabilities, high-frequency circuits and signal integrity professional designs, and self-developed fully automated and efficient testing platforms.
Installation technology, which first binds a chip or a light component to pcb through a sticker process, then the gold line key is combined for electrical gas connections and the final top drop-and-drop cap covers. This technology can be automated and effectively lower costs. In addition, the company has a layout in the silicon light module, and further improvements and refinements are being made to the performance of the silicon chip.
The company has 10g, 25g, 40g, 100g, 200g, and 400g high-speed light module products, most of which are used for Ethernet and data centres.
At present, mobile communications are at the stage of replacement, with 4g communications converted to 5g, and the pre-fiveg transmission network is dominated by 25g light module products; transit or 50gpam4 is dominated; 5g echoes or will use the 100g/200g/400g dry light module (high-speed long distance).
The process, where the company introduces a 5g telecommunication module product and the product covers the various segments of the network, the product certification process for the company's entry into the 5g telecommunication market is steady and the high performance light module bulk delivery is carried out. While the 5g twilight module and the twilight module vary to varying degrees in terms of product construction, core devices, applicable temperature, etc., the company pushes the 5g telecommunication switch.
The 5g telecommunications light module has made some progress. Of this, the 5g pre-lighting module has been validated by the equipment dealer and has reached the stage of bulk production and delivery; the intermediate and retransmission light module is in the stages of sample, authentication or testing by the equipment vendor.
The first 400gqsfp-ddfr4 light communication module in the industry, and the new products of 400gosfp and qsfp-ddd have been rolled out simultaneously, and the company's 400g new products are now in the lead for customer certification and import maintenance, and in 2019 it achieved a successful expansion and full industrial development. In April 2018, the company launched its first refinancing since restructuring.
In December 2018, the project was approved by the CVM and completed its distribution in March 2019. This increase will help companies to further expand their capacity.
The cumulative investment in the Production Project has reached the total amount committed to raise funds, and the project is proceeding steadily, and it is expected that the post-natal phase will result in the development and production of a communications module with an annual output of 450,000 x 4006 light. In addition, the company recently announced its intention to maintain a corporate advantage in response to the rising demand for the light module in the 400g upgrade of the data centre network.
The investment in the Anse copper mausoleum module construction project has been scaled up to raise $400 million of this amount, which has not yet been used, to finance the construction of the new 400g communication module extension project, which is expected to achieve an annual capacity of 500,000 4006 light modules after delivery.
Power will be raised, and the layout of the next generation of products will help the company to open the market while consolidating the existing market. The company's optical module product collection has gone beyond one of the major competitors of the optical module, aaoi. Aaoi is a leading company in the United States of America. According to the Oida survey, the market share of the aaoi light device is about 4%.
In the third quarter, revenues were $34 million, 69 per cent from 40g and 25 per cent from 100g. In the second and third quarters of 2019, IYK earned $1.16 billion and $1,249 million, respectively.
In the second and third quarters, the company earned more than RMB 1,044 million and RMB 1,124 million from the sale of its products. It maintained a greater advantage in the size of its collection than aaoi. In addition, 100 million yuan, or 75.01 per cent, and 10g/40g products, or 24.99 per cent.
Suzhou Xinjiang has established long-term and stable supply relationships with major clients, such as google, amazon, Huaisu, etc. Corporate clients are located in Europe, Asia, North America, etc., involving data broadband, electricity, etc.
Upon consolidation of the statements, the top clients were Google. According to the parent ' s annual disclosure, the combined sales of the top five clients in 2017 and 2018 were 73, 10, and 70,94% of the total annual sales, the first of which was affected by the inventory of cloud computing firms, with a similar decline in operating income. 70% of the company ' s light module products were sold overseas by the company.
In 2018, when the North American cloud computing firm entered the inventory phase, capital spending contracted, demand for light modules declined, and companies performed under pressure. Since the second quarter of 2019, the inventory cycle has fallen as the North American cloud computing firm’s capital spending ring recovered from the weak light module demand.
Days of inventory turnover have declined steadily since the second quarter of 2019, and the market demand for supporting the light module has gradually improved. Figure 32: Number of days of inventory turnover and accounts payable turnover
Products, at present, are at a relatively stable and high level of corporate Māori sales compared to the industry. According to the data disclosed in 2018, the Māori ratio of 25g/100g/400g light module is higher at 28.16% and the 10g/40g light module at 24.36%. With the production and delivery of high-performance light modules such as 400g, we expect it to climb.
There will be an increase in the company ' s Māori sales rate. There is an increase in demand for 5g base stations and idc building-led light modules. Photocommunications are now the dominant option in the communications industry, while the role of light modules in the light communication network is to convert light telecommunication, which is an important part of the network.
In a step-by-step process, the performance of the light module has a greater impact on the efficiency of the entire communications network. In the context of the 5g construction plan, the need for high-performance light modules will increase gradually at the base stations.
In addition, the light module will be designed for high performances, which will be beneficial to companies with related layouts. Companies are relatively less affected by the epidemic. The epidemic has continued to affect the country since the official notification of the first case of an unknown pneumonia case on 8 December 2019.
In the case of intermediatic shocks, companies are not in the core zone, and the conditions for resumption are relatively good. In addition, companies, as the leading companies in the luminous module, have the capacity to operate the telecommunication module. So, companies will probably get more orders.
Investment recommendation: maintain a prudential recommended rating. The light module market is currently in the “telecommunication plus data” resonance phase. 5g communications change and changes in the communications architecture will stimulate demand for the telecommunication module. The data flow outbreak has increased demand for idc, and the idc construction and upgrade has increased demand for twilight modules. In addition, the twilight module is moving towards higher performance overlaps.
The public division has successfully moved into the 5g communications module market while maintaining the market advantage of the digital module.
The delivery volume is still in the lead, the 5g pre-light module has been delivered in bulk to the equipment operator, and the product certification process is continuing. 5g construction is not as good as expected: the 5g construction process is more relevant to the operator’s capital expenditure, and the operator’s input into the network will have an impact on the equipment demand. The telecommunications light module, as one of the major components of the 5g-carrying equipment, will be in demand.
The impact of building up to 5g. idc is not as popular as expected: the main application of the optic module is at idc. idc is used as a base structure to support services such as cloud computing. If the demand for operations such as cloud computing declines, the demand for idc will be reduced, and the pace of construction and upgrading of idc will be reduced.
The product is sold less than expected, the light module product is more affected by downstream customer demand, and the capital expenditure of the end customer will affect the demand for the product. Therefore, the cloud computing plant capital expenditure will have an impact on the demand for the light module.
The telecommunication operator’s capital expenditure will have an impact on the telecommunication light module through the equipment operator. New capacity is not as high as expected: most of the projects are in the investment phase, construction and commissioning will result in the company’s capacity, the epidemic is under control, and the outbreak of a new pneumonia virus by Wuhan has affected all the provinces, cities, and regions of the country.
In the event of an outbreak, the provinces and municipalities issue temporary measures, in which controlling the movement of persons is one of the measures to be taken to prevent it.
This rating system's “market index” refers to 300 indexes of depth. I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant, granted by the Chinese Securities Association, to produce this report with diligence and professionalism, independently and objectively and within the limits of my knowledge.
I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have no use for them.