The company is the leader of the domestic industry, in terms of product, share, technology.
The advantages of technology, platforms, management, etc., are highlighted by the general automation of operations, large elevator electrical support, new energy vehicles, industrial robotics, orbital transport, etc., with 2021 being the first in-country, the first three in-country variants, the first in-house share of Scara robotics, and the integration of elevators.
The demand for industrial controls is particularly strong, rising by 8%, and the downstreams of new energy sources remain high. As the epidemic calms down and growth policies land, the demand for industrial controls is expected to rebound, and demand is expected to grow steadily throughout the year.
The upgrading of the carbon-plus manufacturing sector will drive “14-5” demand acceleration. With environmental disruptions, firms respond faster, deliver more reliable and service more capable, accelerating the process of nationalization that drives core products and downstream production, and industrial control orders are expected to continue to outpace expectations.
New energy vehicles: New fixed-point reserves are rich and will continue to grow. Electricity power drive and power supply systems demand continues to grow, companies are third-party suppliers, the first three cars in the country with a share of electricity control in 2021 are on the ground, and future operations are expected to grow at a higher rate of about 50 per cent.
The growth in the 22q1 battalion was high, and q2 returns were expected. The 2022q1 company received the same 40/11 per cent increase in the net return profit, with orders and receipts maintaining a higher rate of increase, with new energy vehicles, industrial machines, general automation revenues increasing by 167/54 per cent (28 per cent).
The q2 Māori ratio is expected to pick up in April, given that the company has increased the price of a series of products, adding cost optimization effects. Chemical plant construction, industrial software platform development, digital construction, etc., was released in July 2021.
As shares are on the market, the fund-raising project will further enhance the company’s profitability and delivery capacity, speed up the expansion of production capacity, optimize efficiency, enhance the power of the software, etc., and will continue to strengthen its leadership position.
The risks of less-than-expected investment in manufacturing, increased competition, higher prices of raw materials, reduced goodwill, etc.
The company was established in 2003 and initially entered the industrial control market with low-pressure transformers, focusing on industrial automation, intelligence, digital domain over the last two decades, and has now grown into a domestic state through continuous research and development of innovation, diversification of layout, organizational change.
Lead automated product and solution providers with full coverage in areas such as general automation, elevator electrical support, new energy vehicles, industrial robots, orbital transport, 2021 General frequency transformers, servers, plc, electrical fluid systems (including Eaststone) respectively
In the downstream sector, the demand for new industries such as lithium electricity, 3c, silicon crystals, logistics, etc., accelerated expansion in traditional areas such as textiles, lifts, air pressure machines, and continued breakthroughs in process industries such as metallurgy and ports.
The domestic share of fliers is 14/12%, leading the industry; the domestic share of exchange servers is 16%, surpassing the foreign brand as the country's top; the domestic share of small plc is 7%, and domestic leadership continues to be strengthened.
With more than half a million shipments of integrated controllers and transformers throughout the year, international brand clients’ resources are continuously integrated, integrated, intelligent, and differentiated needs are met. Targeted projects are fast-tracked, new-power clients are consistently released, and production is continuously on the steps.
Times, in 2021, the domestic share of the company's power control, power-drive systems, power units, etc., went downstream, focusing on 3c, new energy sources, etc., and continued to launch new items such as medium load six joints, large loads, and high-speed scara robots. In 2021, the company delivered more than 10,000 units, scara.
Business management efficiency continued to grow at a sustained high rate of 22q1 per cent, growing faster in the last decade and accelerating significantly since 2020, with organizational change driving per capita output.
Significant acceleration, mainly as a result of 1) the surge in demand for new sources of energy, 2) the epidemic situation and corporate-represented domestic product processes under overseas environmental disturbance factors, 3) the rapid increase in the volume and share of new energy through vehicle operations into the harvest period, 4) organizational change
In response to the growing complexity of product and business line structures and the urgent need to improve management efficiency, the company launched a new organizational change plan in 2019, continuing its efforts to deepen management and operational efficiency, client outreach, and cost optimization.
Internal management efficiency, core competitiveness, further enhancement of the platform ' s capacity, income generation per capita has continued to increase at 2022q1 battalion, with performance due to changes in business structure, cost pressures and cost increases at a slower rate than revenue, with q2 earning capacity expected to recover. 2022q1 continued for 2020.
Since then, the growth has been high, with companies earning 4,778 million yuan in a quarter, an increase of 40 per cent, a return to the mother, a net profit of 717 million yuan, an increase of 11 per cent, a net profit of 698 million yuan, an increase of 12 per cent, a higher rate of increase in orders and receipts, including new energy vehicles, industrial robots, connections.
The higher rate of growth in automated operations, at 167/54 per cent/28 per cent, is due mainly to the structural growth opportunities created by advanced manufacturing demand, such as new energy sources, and the continuous increase in the share of the company ' s ability to deliver, which is stronger than the foreign brand; performance increases in the first quarter are lower than receipts, mainly due to 1)
Changes in business structure and upstream cost increases, 2) personnel and strategic inputs. Taking into account public use for the acquisition of 49% of the shares in the HSBC (822 million yuan), expansion of capacity and construction of smart plants (537 million yuan), research and development projects for industrial software platforms (402 million yuan), and digital construction
1) The SWI is one of the leaders of the national production of plc and hmi, and the remaining shareholdings will be acquired in a step-by-step manner to enhance the integration and synergy of the control and driving layers, to build linkages technology, and to enhance the integration of solutions as a whole.
Low-voltage transformer capacity of 0.2, 1.15 million units/year, additional server driver capacity of 1.35 million units/year, fully supporting the capacity of companies to produce and deliver, and smart manufacturing plants and flexible automated production systems will optimize the productivity and intellectual manufacturing capacity of companies.) The industrial software technology platform research and development project will:
To further improve the competitiveness of companies in the direction of industrial networking, digital transformation, etc. (4) Digital construction projects will support the deepening of corporate organizational change, drive the digital transformation of firms, drive efficient operations, and enhance core competitiveness.
The advantages of a multi-dimensional competitiveness in leading intelligent manufacturing platforms highlight the three main advantages, leading the industry in terms of industrial chain integrity. 1) Corporate core management, multi-layered from China and Emerson, long-settling, technology and market discipline in the field of industrial control.
Deepening. Since the company's listing, four organizational changes have been introduced, with continuous dynamic and optimal management structures, strengthened marketing systems, R & D strengths and productivity. 2) Companies have continued to maintain high R & D inputs, ranging from about 10% R & D inputs to around 20% R & D investment in recent years.
The industry is ahead of the industry in terms of size and size, in order to continue building boxing, shaping industrial platforms, and branding. 3) The company’s brand power is highlighted, and the industry chain is well configured to sustain the dominance of the industry through integrated resolution programmes, and to accelerate the break-through of high barriers downstream and products.
The demand for industrial controls is expected to hit the bottom of the 22-year recovery as the process of national production is over-expected, the demand for q1 demand is expected to grow robustly throughout the year, and the demand for industrial controls is expected to remain more resilient due to repeated outbreaks and fluctuations in the environment abroad.
This is an increase of 8%, of which the home market is more affected by the epidemic. On a downstream basis, the state-of-the-art manufacturing landscape, represented by new energy sources, semiconductors, industrial robots, etc., is relatively high, and the long-term opportunities for structural growth are highlighted.
Heating is expected, and demand for industrial controls is expected to grow steadily throughout the year. Figure 11: Substream demand for new energy sources, semiconductors, etc. Keeps high. Figure 10: March-April pmi recovery due to the epidemic and overseas disturbances.
Intra-capitalization advantages under environmental disturbance highlight the expectation that industrial-controlled nationalization of 2022 will be higher than expected, and internal- and external-environmental-related domestic-capitalization brands will be more superior, with industrial-controlled nationalization expected to be higher than expected in 2022. Since 2020, the industrial-controlled-nationalization process has continued to accelerate, largely because of the re-production response of domestic-owned brands.
Speed, supply-chain flexibility, reliability of delivery, and service capacity are more prominent than foreign brands. These advantages are expected to continue to be highlighted in 2022, when the internal and external environment fluctuates, and factors such as recurrent epidemics and changes in the overseas situation are expected to be the driving force behind the accelerated nationalization of domestic brands.
In the first quarter of 2022, foreign brands were generally strained to deliver, some core products were handed over for longer periods, with higher prices.) General automated operations: in a two-carbon context, new downstreams such as lithium, photovoltaic and semiconductors are expected to maintain a higher profile, traditional processes such as metallurgical and petrochemical industrial transformation is expected to accelerate, with “145” workers
The demand for control is expected to continue to improve. The outbreak is expected to accelerate the process of national production in the face of fluctuations in the overseas environment, with companies leading the domestic industry, leading the way in the areas of frequency changers, servers, plc, and significant advantages in terms of technology accumulation, supply chain management, customer resources, and reliability of delivery.
2) Elevator Power Major Auxiliary Operations: There is still a large gap between the number of elevators per capita in the country and countries such as Europe and America Day, and the future needs of elevators are expected to remain robust, taking into account such factors as the renovation of old neighbourhoods and the release of stock security needs.
Over the years, the industry has had a high share of integrated controllers, human interface products, and future gains based on the Bester synergies are expected to result in a sustained increase in the share of local/transnational brands and overseas brand clients. We expect 2022-3) New Energy Motors: a clear trend in global electric motorization and a rapid increase in demand for power-driven systems.
In 2021, the company ' s share of domestic power control, power-drivers and power generators was 9.5 per cent.5 per cent/3.7 per cent, leading a third-party supplier. In 2021, the company continued to acquire several brand new points, using vehicle operations.
Going up the stairs, business is expected to grow at a high rate. Assuming that the company’s share in the country will be split in 2022-2024, 4) industrial robotics: China is the world’s largest consumer market for industrial robots, still has much room for upgrading from countries like South Korea and Germany, and the market is expected to expand faster.
In 2021, the company continued to load new items, such as six joints, large loads and high-speed scara robots, and launched a completely new programming platform, Norobotlab, a high-profile track focusing on 3c, new energy, and a future industrial machine.
The volume of human sales is expected to grow faster. We expect that in 2022-2024, the company will sell industrial robotics.)) orbital traffic operations will be well invested in the "145" period, and companies will take control of the railing system for a small number of countries.
We expect a new single score to be signed in 2022-2024: taking into account the fact that corporate revenue has been growing faster and organizational changes have continued to deepen, the company is the leader of domestic industry, its share of core products, technology and R & D innovations, processes and solutions, and the cost of the company's production.
In addition, companies are expected to accelerate the deployment of industrial Internet, energy operations, and offshore markets, with orders and performance expected to continue to grow faster. We expect companies to return to their homes in 2022-2024.
We used the pe valuation method to evaluate the swathe technology by selecting five comparable companies, namely, controlled technology, high-speed electricity, Magmitt, Le Sense, Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Weiwei. In 2022-2024, five comparable companies averaged 23, 17 and 13 times the average of pe, respectively.
The country's share of core products, such as frequency changers, is the first, brand-strong, and is expected to continue to lead the process of national production in the future, with a high degree of certainty; 2) companies have continued to outpace industry growth for many years, operating alpha properties and growing more in the future; 3) corporate industrial areas are focusing on the emerging downwards of such high-profile developments as lithium, photovoltaic, etc.
And the business covers such high-growth paths as new energy cars, industrial robots, etc.. Reference is made to comparable company valuations, taking into account the downstream landscape, higher growth and certainty, which were valued 50 times the value for 2022, industrial downstream demand is closely linked to macroeconomic developments such as manufacturing investment, and the current economic development of the country.
Complicated and macro-indicators are likely to fluctuate significantly, affecting demand for industrially controlled products. 2021 There are more participants in areas such as general automation, new energy vehicles, industrial robots, etc. If the market competes and plays, the company’s share or the market expansion process may be affected, and product price competition may affect the company.
If the bulk of raw materials, core parts, and labour, transport, etc. rises, the price of materials will continue to rise, which may affect the profitability of the company. Billions of dollars, which may affect the future level of profits of the company.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment