Report 2021 and Quarterly 2022: General Automation 27/04 2022
In terms of products, in 2021, there was a bright increase in the number of servers/plc/industrial machines.
The product ranked first in the country, top three, top domestic capital, 2022q1, with a rapid return to moderate growth of about 10 per cent of the same market, but advanced manufacturing structural demand remained strong and supply pressures were high, and companies had a relatively adequate strategic stock and a stronger delivery capacity, with a year-round harvest.
Over 30% of the year's total, and keeping track of the country's epidemiological situation.  Electric vehicles: $2.99 billion in 2021, plus 171% of the year's revenue (of which $2.3 billion by car, and more than 30 by the new drivers, we expect to make a profit.
There's still a certain loss at the end; commercial cars, transhipments, etc. remain robust. Looking forward to 2022, new power customers will continue to move up +asp, and autonomous brands like the Wall will be worth looking forward to, and we expect to earn more than $5 billion and make a positive profit.
The first phase of the plant was completed in 2022, with no more than $3 billion planned to be invested in the second phase of the plant.
Net interest rates are expected to pick up in 2022, when the price of some of the products is expected to rise slightly in April and the rate is expected to rise in the same year.  Profit forecasts and investment ratings: we are expected to rise as M&A investment returns are expected to rise above market expectations.
Equity incentives, a new subsidiary’s deployment machine, and increased competition. Mostly due to the significant increase in the fair value of M&A funds, growth will continue in the following years.
The structural impact of the continued growth of new energy cars, on the one hand, of low-cost strategic inventories of raw materials for the same period in 2021. With respect to the cost of the period, the increase in staff salaries & fifth-phase equity incentives increased, and strategic operations such as digitization, energy management, etc.
General automated operations: Tightening opportunities for structural demand for advanced manufacturing plates — blocking foreign capital delivery, “Better assaulting billions of yuan, +65 per cent the same year, with 2,467 million in 2,021q1 battalion, or about 28 per cent more”.
Field growth was faster than project-type growth, with low-pressure transformers/servers/small-scale sales of +17/+35/+22%, respectively. The pace of industry growth slowed in the second half of the year as compared to the first half of the year.
The revenues were 3,769 million yuan, more than double the year-by-year, driven mainly by higher capital in advanced manufacturing industries such as downstream lithium electricity, new energy sources, and higher shares of this expenditure + sales. According to wise industrial data, companies were offering a market share from $20,1.9 billion to 66 per cent.
According to data from the Wise Industry, the company’s share of small plc sales rose from 2.9 per cent in 2019 to 5 in 2021, with industrial robots (including Shanghai) collecting 362 million yuan, or approximately 111 per cent more, and ordered more than 10,000 units throughout the year.
According to smart industrial data, the share of corporate scara robots in domestic sales is 14%, ranking third and third highest in the country. Robots are growing as a result of downstream highs + continuous import substitution, and the next layer of control is expected to work to enhance their solutions.
Note: In its 2021 report, the company adjusted the division of its industrial control operations by classifying specific products into the "Control-Driver-Execution-Purpose" four categories according to the automated system hierarchy and adding the "Industrial Robotic" group of products: 1) plc&hmi and other products from the previous periodic report "Control Technologies" were classified as "Control Layers"; 2) transformers and server drivers were classified as "Driver Layers"; 3)
Servers and other generators are classified as “executory”; 4) elevator integration controllers in transformers are classified as elevator-type operations; 5) industrial robots correspond to some of the “control technology” and part of the “other” products in the original periodic report.
The same rate of growth is over 100%, with over 20 orders over a billion dollar industries, and 80% more than 5 million large clients. We expect that the combined share of energy + advanced manufacturing industries, whose demand for better and their share of sales has risen significantly, is the central driver of the current period’s high performance.
Opportunities, sufficient pre-orders + “safe supply” were effective, generating 2,467 million yuan, an increase of 28 per cent (of which 8.69/11.03/250.50.23 million were received by transformers/servers/plc&hmi/electric fluids servers, and there was some pressure from emerging business workers, logistics delivery, among others).
The supply pressure is more difficult to mitigate, the company’s strategic inventory is relatively adequate, and the process of domestication of the device chip is increasing, and we expect 30% of the industry’s control operations to increase at the same rate in 2022, keeping track of the supply chain disturbances caused by the epidemic.
The value of the bicycles has continued to rise, and is expected to start profitable in 2022; commercial cars, transhipments, etc. are expected to remain sound. New energy, new car plates, 925 million yuan in 2021, compared to 167 per cent, are expected to collect more than $5 billion throughout the year.
According to the federated data, in 2021 the number of customers of the company’s new power was ideal one and small pap 7 sales amounted to 90.5 million per 60.6 million, compared with 177 per cent/+295 per cent, with a higher sales climate. Companies continued to cut orders, with more than 30 fixed projects in 2021 (mixed projects, class-a, bright spots) and a total product structure.
(a) New power clients: the core client is ideal, peng, etc., and the product is expected to expand gradually from the supply of electricity and control to a three-to-one solution, with the value of the vehicle constantly increasing; and (b) domestic capital: the company is continuing to break through new points in the Great Wall, Hiroshi, Chiri, etc., and has been contributing incrementally since 2022;
Other vehicle types (including rail exchanges) maintain a dominant position. Commercial car power control & total output achieved a market share of sales in 2021. First, micro- and light-card orders increased by 100% +, heavy-card solutions were better delivered and non-car products were better delivered.
In the track trade, $526 million was collected in 2021, the same year + 49%, and the increase in profits was added. The company's new energy vehicle business, 2022q1, received $925 million, the same year + 167%. With the rapid growth of the new energy industry, the capacity to produce is saturated, and the company's continuous build-up is planned to invest no more than $3 billion.
The management end guarantees the successful implementation of the objectives, including through internal optimization (using the combined motivation as an independent operational entity) and incentives for the implementation of equity.
(a) Elevators: In 2021, the elevator operation (HQ + Bethet) generated $4,967 million, a steady increase of +14.35 per cent;
15.60 billion yuan, or 13 per cent of the year; according to the sub-markets, both domestic and transnational & overseas sbu have achieved robust growth, with structural growth exceeding the growth rate of the plate, and there is still much room for improvement in the market share of products such as the control system, which is expected to be “dive” with measures such as a large package of integrated solutions plus elevators out of the sea, and revenue and profits are expected to be sustained.
New business: Digitalization & Energy Management Support for the next five years. In 2021, the company integrated digitization and energy management into strategic business, starting with the “third stage of development”: 1) Digital Focus Industry Internet platform and its hardware set.
(b) In energy management, a layout of the grid side, the distribution side (business & residents) and a focus on the distribution side market in 2022 to provide industrial and industrial energy solutions in products such as pcs, integrated storage containers, etc.
While the cost rate fell slightly during 2021, the structural increase in R&D & D inputs matched the optimal layout of internal and strategic operations such as digitization, energy management, etc., and the ratio of R&D costs to R&D costs of 2022q1 to +68% significantly affected the net return to the mother. In response to large price increases & lack of cores, companies increased their strategic inventory inputs and implemented a “insure delivery” strategy.
This led to a decline in operating cash flows. Net cash flows from operating activities in 2021 amounted to 1.766 billion yuan, corresponding to the increase in the three major financial forecasts for the Hitchuan technology.