China Telecom (601728) Annual Report, 2023 The performance of China's telecommunications (601728) has continued to grow, accelerating the construction of the building blocks of new productivity, and China Telecom published its annual report, 2023. The company achieved business income of $50.78 billion in 2023.
This represents an increase of 6.9 per cent; the net profit from maternity is $30.5 billion, or 10.3 per cent; the median income from service is RMB 465 billion, or 6.9 per cent; the net profit from maternity is RMB 30.5 billion, and companies are facing the growing opportunities for digital transformation of the economy and the need for intellectual upgrading, services.
In terms of the size of users, the number of mobile users has increased by 16,590,000, leading the industry for the sixth consecutive year, reaching a total of 408 million households and 45.4 yuan for mobile users.
This represents an increase of 0.4% over the same year; the income from fixed nets and smart household services amounted to 123.1 billion yuan, an increase of 3.8% over the same year, of which the income from smart household operations amounted to 19 billion yuan, an increase of 12.8% over the same year, and from broadband usage of 2.8%. Companies continue to optimize the coverage of the 5g network, accelerating basic connection products with clouds, ai, security, etc.
New elements of digitalization are integrated, leading to an upward increase in the number of users and value of solidified operations. Key data, 3 April 2024. Industrial digitized operations: the market share of sky-wing cloud operations continues to rise.
The verb-based business income was 13,89 billion yuan, a 17.9 per cent increase in the same year, compared with 29.9 per cent for business income, which amounted to 97,2 million yuan, a 67.9 per cent increase in the same year, and the sky cloud has risen to the level of intelligence in the light of the new requirements for cloud service providers in the Great Model Age.
And the top position of the global operator cloud, market share is the only sustained upswing in the country’s public domain in the first three years of Yuniaas and Yaas+paas. The contribution of corporate industry digital business to revenue collection continues to rise, making it an important driver of growth in corporate performance.
Digital information infrastructure development continues to advance. In 2023, the company upgrades the computing distribution network platform, the “Zone Border”, which fully supports computing, intelligence, super-county, unified access, sealing and dispatch, provides arithmetic networking and trading services for arithmetic operators, and arithmetic resources.
fp32 calculates that the sum of 1.0 eflops is added to 4.1 eflops; fp16 calculates that the smartness of the new facility develops intelligently, builds a digital base, and creates an important building block for the development of new-quality productivity. Actively fulfils the profit distribution commitment.
Investment recommendations: Against the background of a better business base and faster growth in emerging business, companies note that the rating system's “market index”,a with a depth of 300 index points, and the new three-board reference point, with a three-board index.
It is reported that “positive” investors are only fit to use studies with a risk level not higher than “medium- and high-risk”, that “radical” investors are fit to use the various risk levels of our Division, that they possess the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association to consult on securities investments, and that they produce the present report independently and objectively and within the limits of their knowledge. This report clearly and accurately reflects their research views and is not subject to the management of their respective business departments, issuers, listed companies, and funds.
I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have not used this report to issue the report.