Telecommunications operations in China (601728.sh)
On 16 April 2024, China Telecommunications released its annual report for 2023, and in 2023, the company achieved a revenue of 50.7 billion yuan, equivalent to 100 million yuan, compared to 10.3 per cent.
Basic operations are growing robustly, and the development of differential integrated applications is driving up the arpu. In 2023, the public \triangleright Division generated revenue from mobile communications services of 1957 million yuan, or +2.4 per cent, of which mobile phones added value.
Application income achieved $146.4 billion (+1.6 per cent of the same year) and $25.8 billion (+12.4 per cent of the same year) respectively, and value-added operations such as 5g mobile phone straight-on satellite, 5g quantum code, ai video bell, ai communications assistant, 5g sky-wing cloud disk not only consolidated the number of users but also achieved mobile arpu stability.
The dollar, equal to +12.8%, the company achieved a three-year growth in broadband integration. On the one hand, the ratio of broadband users has risen rapidly, and on the other hand, the company continues to tap into smart family businesses like fttr, house-wide intelligence, Sky Wings, home-watchers, cloud computers, etc.
Basic data: On December 31, 2023, output income continued to grow in double digits, with sky-wing clouds moving to hundreds of billions of back-to-back full-blown intelligent clouds. In 2023, companies achieved $138.9 billion in industrial digitization, a 17.9 per cent increase.
The cloud has achieved revenue of $97.2 billion, compared to 67.9%, and has grown rapidly over the years. The country is now strong, and it is ranked first in the country's public and Daas markets. Sky-wing clouds, as a national cloud, are self-researchable, and are integrated into the country's government, state companies, and workers.
The markets of industry, health, education, etc. continue to contract, with the number of government and business clients in 2023 standing at +35.3% in 2023 to accelerate the escalation to smart clouds and will in the future invest in mega-scale aidcs in hotspots and build the 10,000-year-old Ocean.
In 2023, the company had built up a universal capacity of 4.1eflops, a smart capacity of 11.0eflops, and capital spending in 2024 would be further skewed towards arithmetic, with plans to invest in cloud and numeracy.
On the one hand, the company will continue to refine the data platform of the Star and Sea, to achieve precision teaching, literary tours, smart customer services, public data operations, financial uniforms.
The value of data in areas such as business has materialized, and the company's Rinzawa data element 2.0 platform has become the first ecological service provider in the country. On the other hand, relying on high-value data from publicly owned cloud operations and production services, sedimentation, the company will continue to enhance basic model training to achieve a base model plus 12 industries.
Models + 9 self-help models, new growth dynamics in the primary output and internal downswing efficiency gains. \triangleright, total annual dividends distributed +19.0 per cent, over 70 per cent. Company plans to continue to have high scores.
More than 75 per cent of profits continue to generate greater value for shareholders. Profit forecasting, valuation analysis and investment proposals: we expect a firm to return to its net profits in 2023-2025 with robust growth, while capital spending continues to decline as a proportion of revenue, the dividends continue to rise, and the valuation is comparable.
External mainstream operators still have room for upgrading, maintaining a “buy-in-a” rating.
\triangleright is unable to meet the risk on time due to external policy constraints or additional smart targets with limited internal supply.
This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not been, nor will I be, compensated in any way, directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or opinions in this report. I promise not to take advantage of my identity, status, or the trust that I have in my practice.
For the private gain of yourself or of others.