Strong growth in performance in the first half of the year, with a significant increase in Māori production controlled by the Centre - The case of the company ' s semi-annual report in 2018, during which the company achieved operating income
20.876 billion yuan, an increase of 26.92 per cent over the same period; realization of net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies
Point; data centre product and software revenue as a proportion of income increased significantly, with the Centre increasing the incremental cost of controlling product income, while financial costs decreased significantly, mainly as a result of increased interest income and fluctuations in recovery rates, resulting in an increase in exchange rate gains in the first half of the year.
The third quarter is expected to remain robust, with long-term growth potential. Before the company looks ahead, it will be billions. The third quarter is about the same pace of performance as the first half of the year. The main reason is that, on the one hand, the performance of the public sector continues to grow robustly and on the other hand, the main battalion is relatively fragmented and at some point.
In specific business contexts, under deleveraging, there has been a delay in the procurement of land for snow and light projects and project revenues. Research and development inputs have increased steadily in recent years, providing long-term growth dynamics for companies, for example, in their innovation business.
The growth of overseas markets has been steady, and the impact of US trade protection has been limited. In market terms, the growth rate in public and external markets has been almost similar, but due to exchange rate fluctuations, increased investment in low-end overseas products and increased competition, there has been a certain decline in the Māori rate in offshore markets, the corporate world.
Intra- and offshore-market revenues grew by 27.02% and 26.70%, respectively, while Māori growth splits into sub-low-end products, which, on the one hand, can reduce product stocks and, on the other hand, increase market ownership slightly through low-cost policies. Companies have limited exposure to United States trade protection, and can do so by taking measures.
Reconciling other markets in the United States and abroad, setting up factories and so on, is expected to continue to grow robustly in the future.