Wang Wei-chul (002415.sz) c0062@capital.com.tw
The net profit of 2018h2 increased by 26% over the same period, in line with expectations of corporate performance: the company issued its 2018-half-yearly report. The company achieved $20.880 billion in revenue from 2018h2 and, with the firm actively promoting the sunk resources and improved marketing networks, domestic business receipts were maintained.
At a faster pace. (2) The company's 2018h1 offshore operations generated $630 billion, or yoy + 26.7 per cent, and, although the rate of growth has declined compared to the same period last year, in the context of international environmental changes, firms have maintained faster growth in overseas operations through targeted regional strategies.
The increase in the Māori rate has resulted in a slight increase in costs: (1) overall, the combined Māori rate for the company was 44.5 per cent, an increase of 1.8 percentage points over the same period. For sub-products, the front end product and the centre are controlled with an upgrade of the i. The Māori rate for equipment products has increased by 0.8 percentage points and from 7.7 percentage points to 49.7 per cent, respectively.
53.0%. In marketing regions, the Māori rate for domestic operations increased by 5 percentage points to 44.8% on a year-on-year basis as a result of product structural upgrading, while overseas operations increased by exchange rates, low Māori revenues, increased competition for internal and external market promotion, and company sales cost increased by 2.2 percentage points to the same year.
Institutional investors account for 12.7 per cent of the share in circulationa; increased R & D expenditure and q2 moves to new estates account for some of the low-value expendables, and the management costs of the Department of Public Administration increased by 1.3 percentage points to 12.0 per cent over the same period.
Because of the devaluation of the renminbi, corporate exchange gains have increased, and financial costs have fallen by 1.2 percentage points over the same period. We believe that increases in sales costs and research and development expenditures, while affecting net profits in the short term, will be beneficial to the company’s long-term development.
Security operations are still in large space, and innovative business performances are excellent: (1) The penetration of security products in the fields of public security, transportation, justice, human rights, energy, smart buildings is still low, and the development of industrial and intellectual technology and the development of the property networking industry can open up new applications for companies.
(2) The company’s innovation business is currently developing at a high rate, with the share of revenue rising to 5.3%, and is expected to become a driving force behind the growth of company performance in the future. Of this, smart-house business accounts reach 730 million, yoy + 57.8%, and innovations such as robotics, automobile technology, microfiche, etc. are also realized
With 380 million camp revenues, yoy+147.2 per cent overall, the share of the innovative business sector has increased to 5.3 per cent, which is relatively reasonable, and we maintain the “buy-in” proposal, whichever is the expected remuneration (expected return; er), as follows: