Haekangway (002415.sz): A brief analysis: second-quarter performance meets expectations; Lower-than-expected impact of income offset by increased Māori rates and exchange rate earnings, released after the 20 July round, the second quarter of 2018 showed that companies earned RMB in the current season.
115.11 billion yuan (22 per cent over the same period), Māori RMB 5,069 million (26 per cent over the same period), resulting in an improvement of 1.4 percentage points over the net profit population. Net profit is 2 per cent higher than our forecast, mainly due to a second-quarter RMB against the United States dollar performance analysis by product in the first half of 2018.
The front end income is RMB 10,285 million (a 21 per cent increase over the previous year, compared with 25 per cent during the same period), the gross profit rate is 49.7 per cent, compared with 48.9 per cent during the same period last year.
In the same period last year, the performance by market was analysed in the first half of 2018: revenue grew by 27 per cent over the same period, compared with 28 per cent during the same period last year, and the gross profit rate rose from 39.7 per cent in the first half of last year.
• Outside: 27 per cent increase in revenue from the previous year, compared with 38 per cent in the same period. The gross profit rate rose by 46 per cent from the sales management costs of the previous year, in the second quarter, mainly because of the continued expansion of overseas markets (a 53 per cent increase in sales and marketing costs compared to the previous year) and higher spending on research and development (a 31 per cent increase in research and development costs compared to the previous year).
I hereby affirm that all views expressed in this report accurately reflect my personal views on the said company or its securities. Moreover, no part of my salary has been, will not be, will not be, and will not be, reconciled.
The investment summary section evaluates the investment climate of the Unit by comparing the key indicators of a stock with their industry and markets. The four main indicators described include growth, return, valuation multipliers and volatility. The increases, returns and valuation multipliers are all calculated using several methods to determine the unit’s percentage ranking within the area’s research industry.
The precise calculation of each indicator may vary according to the financial year, industry and region, but the standard methodology is as follows: Growth is a combination of projections for the following year and current annual projections, such as profit per share, ebitda, income, etc. The return is the sum of the capital return indicators forecast for each year, such as croci, average application of capital returns and net asset returns. The valuation multipliers are calculated on the basis of the expected annual valuation ratios, such as market gains, dividends, v/fcf, v/ebitda, v/dacf, market net rates.
In our global coverage, we use the M & As framework to analyse stocks, taking into account both qualitative and quantitative factors (which may vary from industry to region) to take into account the possibility of acquisition of certain companies. Then we rate companies on M & As from one to three, one of which represents a higher probability of a company becoming a M & A (30-50%), two with a medium probability (15-30%) and three with a lower probability of representation.
Quantum quantum is a highly proprietary database providing specific financial statement data history, projections and ratios that can be used for in-depth analysis of a single firm or for comparison with gssustain between firms in different industries and markets
The gssustain is a global investment strategy that focuses on achieving long-term excess returns by identifying leading firms in high-quality industries. The gsssustain50 focus list lists industry leaders that we believe are expected to perform well vis-à-vis their global counterparts over the long term, based on excellent capital returns, sustainable competitive advantages, and effective management of risk to esg (environmental, social, and corporate governance).
Xuejing: a share of telecommunications and technology, and telecommunications and technology in China.a A share of telecommunications and technology: accelelinktechnologies, Chinaunitednetworkcomm, dahuatechnology, fiberhometetlecomtech, goodix, hikvisiondigital technology, hyteracomp., sgmicrocorp., wangscience& technologyco., ztecorp.a.
China Telecoms and Technology: ChinaCommunisation Services, Chinamobile (hk), Chinamobile (hk) (adr), Chinatelecom (adr), Chinatelecom (h), Chinaunicom (ads), Chinaunicom (h), HuahongSemicondutortld., Mediatek, Paradeechnologiesltd., silergycorp., smic (adr), smic (h), tsmc, tsmc (adr), untedmicroectectricscorp., United Nationsmicroectorp. (adr), ztecorp. (h).
Statutory corporate-related disclosures Non-disclosure of specific information on corporate ratings, research industries and ratings and related definitions of hikvisiondigitaltechnoroy (rmb 36.93)
The distribution of buying and selling ratings in each industry may vary according to the decision of the Regional Investment Assessment Committee. Moreover, each regional investment assessment committee manages a strong regional buy or sell list, which changes the investment rating of those shares.
Except for (rs): We have suspended investment ratings and price targets for such stocks due to a lack of a sufficient basis to set investment ratings or price targets, or because there are legal, regulatory or policy restrictions on the publication of reports. Investment ratings and price targets for such stocks, where they exist, will no longer be valid, so investors should not rely on such information. (cs): We have suspended research on the company. (nc): we have not studied the company. (nc): we have not studied the company. (na): this information does not exist or does not apply. (nm): This information does not make sense, because it is irrelevant.
This report is distributed in China by the High China Securities Agency, which is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.