A semi-annual net profit growth of 26 per cent over the same period, concentration enhancement and optimal competition patterns strongly recommended (maintenance)
Liu Jin-Teng (Research Assistant) 26% increase in net profits in the course of the year, and the trend of increasing concentration continues. The main reason for the growth in business income in the first half of 2018 was security surveillance of market demand.
A steady growth in both front and back of the company’s core business, a consistent growth of 47.80 per cent in the central control product, was achieved by an increase in corporate engineering construction by 137.65 per cent in the system integration project. Smart household and innovation business grew rapidly, with 57.8 per cent and 147.2 per cent growth in the same year, in addition to sales and management costs.
In 2017, our video surveillance market was about $108 billion, an increase of 12%, and the industry’s leader, Haikangway, received more than the industry, and concentration continued to rise.
Aicloud 3-tier architecture, multi-area customised solutions. In 2017, the company completed 3-tier layouts around aicloud architecture, marginal nodes, edges, cloud centers, injecting ai into products, integrating edge computing and cloud computing to better address the reality of physical networking.
Problems, through technological and product innovation, continue to lead the market. Corporate solutions based on aicloud structures in a variety of areas, such as public safety and security, transportation, etc., include solutions for snowwork in the area of public safety, solutions for the sea-comfort cloud system in the commercial sphere, and financial intelligence web solutions in the financial field.
R & D investment has increased by 31.5% over the years, and innovation has opened up a space for growth. In recent years, firms have been increasing their R & D investment to actively foster new profit growth points. In the first half of 2017, companies grew by 31.5% over the same period by 1.9 billion yuan.
Footpoints, new technologies and applications are constantly being developed. In the field of smart families and smart businesses, companies publish new products such as human-formed smart cameras c5si, smart cat eyes + fingerprints locked into home condoms. Mobile robot companies provide agv products and solutions to help lower partners like Kyundong and Hyo Fong.
Operating costs increase operational efficiency. Unmanned field companies build the Eagles series of four-wing, six-wing flyers, extending the security industry solution from two-dimensional plane to three-dimensional space.
HQC Unit 20180624 Unexpected expansion of overseas operations; rapid change of industry technology; and under-performance of innovative operations.
Report on the evaluation of the Guangzhou International Finance Center, 5 Guangzhou River Road, Guangzhou City, Guangzhou.