Shanghai Airport (600.0009.sh): Aviation revenue Shanghai Airport incident: $6.064 billion in 2024 for company h1, an increase of 24.6 per cent from the previous year.
The company's assets consist of “Shanghai Pudong Airport” and “Shanghai Mother's net profit” of 805 million yuan, a significant increase from the same period last year's 108 million yuan.
The flow of passengers resumed and air revenue continued to rise: 36.88 million passengers at Pundong Airport, output, operations concentrated in the management of the two main airports in Shanghai and 67.6 per cent more than in the same year, with domestic and international routes increasing by 32.7 per cent and 176.8 per cent, respectively; and the Rainbow Bridge.
The company, drawing on the advanced experience of the civil aviation industry at home and abroad, has established an equal 12.4% increase in passenger traffic in terms of safety and security.
There has been a significant increase in the company’s aviation revenues, including security policies, risk management, security benefits from aircraft landings and passenger traffic.
Innovative, full-scale mechanisms to regulate transparent internal management, and efforts to provide an excellent airport truth service experience for both Chinese and foreign travellers, which increased by 25.5 per cent in the same year, and passenger-related revenues by $1,573 million, which increased by 55.0 per cent in the same year.
Actively introducing the “Ten new Services Initiative” to upgrade airport whole non-air revenue, but tax-exempt income has declined as a result of the re-signing of agreements: during the reporting period, companies received 3,372 million yuan in non-air revenue, an increase of 13.8 per cent over the same period, of which commercial catering revenue was 1,066 million yuan, a decrease over the same period.
After the tax-exempt agreement was re-signed at the end of last year, the combined sales of companies’ tax-exempt operations fell significantly in proportion to the pre-epidemiological rate, leading to a decline in corporate tax-exempt income in the first half of the year. Tax-exempt income is expected to remain a core component of non-air revenue in the future, but it is difficult to return to a high of 19 years.
In the first half of the year, corporate logistics services received $827 million, an increase of 27.8 per cent over the same year, mainly in the first half of the year, with a rise in the same volume of traffic; in other non-aerial revenues, 1,479 million yuan, an increase of 21.6 per cent over the same period, mainly in the context of main-sector warming, resulting in a similar increase in income from rental of housing premises and VIP services.
Cost increases are manageable and significantly lower than the increase in aviation income: first half of the year, corporate labour costs, operating costs and depreciation costs increased by 11.7 per cent, 9.1 per cent and 1.7 per cent, respectively, with cost increases attributable mainly to operating operations
As a result of this significant increase, the cost increase is significantly lower than the increase in aviation income. As the demand of the main industry recovers, the company’s productivity is increasing, and the profitability rate will continue to rise.
Shanghai Airport (60009.sh): Air revenue has increased significantly and tax-free income has fallen slightly.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the report of East Hing Securities.
Shanghai Airport (600.0009.sh): A significant increase in aviation income and a slight drop in tax-free income
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know it, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter evaluated or recommended in this report. Where the law so permits, my company and its affiliated institutions may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.