In the Nind era (300,750.sz) and 2024 annual reports, profitability performance was strong, globalization was accelerating, and the company's 2024q4 output was growing significantly. We estimate that the company's 2024q4 mobile batteries combined.
Around 144gwh, the ring ratio + 14%; about 20gwh for storage batteries, the ring ratio drops, or is influenced by longer periods of shipment and confirmation of orders to overseas countries. We estimate that the company's 202404 mobile battery units have a non-net interest of about $0.09/wh, the ring has a slight decline, or is disturbed by factors such as export tax refunds.
Corporate power cells have a strong lead and a steady profitability. The company sold power cells in 2024 at 381gwhh, year-on-year +19%, with the first global power cell load in eight consecutive years. This is stable in 2024. The company ' s power cell product has been continuously upscaled, with the introduction of americium batteries, atheistic batteries, and thugs.
The company’s capacity to store energy batteries is very profitable, and its overseas customers have accelerated their development. The company’s storage capacity sold 94gwh in 2024, year-on-year + 36%; it ranks first in the world for four years in a row. The company’s storage power battery system was gross in 2024.
New progress has been made, with companies accelerating their deployment overseas since 2025, following a succession of the Emirates rtc 19gwh storage energy project and the quainbrook Australia 3gw/24gwh storage energy project. Companies are expanding their production capacity, with a globalized layout production base. The company's 204h2 battery production is 305gwh,
The Ninder Times (300,750.sz) 2024 Quarterly Review - the battery output has increased steadily, it is estimated that the capacity utilization rate is more than 90%, and demand has accelerated the growth of the company ' s capacity in a favourable context. As of 2024, Ningde Times (300,750.sz) 2024 Mid-Year Review - the storage power battery operation is high
At the end of the day, the company produced 676gwhh, in-progress 219gwh, master planning capacity (existing capacity + in-progress capacity) 895gwh, 96gwh more than at the end of 2024h1. The company accelerated globalization, Germany continued to climb the slope, and the Ninder era (300,750.sz) - power cell taps were strong and the storage capacity opened.
The Hungarian factory, the Spanish factory, the Indonesian battery industry chain project is actively being built or under preparation. Annual Review of the Ninder era (300,750.sz)-2023 - strong profitability, 3-quarter Review of the Ninder era (300,750.sz)-2023 - steady financial performance
Investment proposals: raise profit forecasts to maintain a “better than the big market” rating. Given the need for domestic electric vehicles to be sustainable and the positive impact of the warming of the new European energy vehicle market on company battery sales, we are
It is the annual retroactive adjustment of accounting standards and the transfer of after-sales combined service costs from sales costs to operating costs. If, under the old accounting standards, 2024q4 Māori is 26,54 per cent, the same ratio +0.88 pct, the ring ratio is affected by the adjustment of accounting standards, the company ' s current cost rate is significantly lower. The company ' s cost rate for the period 2024 is significantly lower.
The company ' s combined post-sale service fee was adjusted from sales costs to operating costs, resulting in a significant change in the rate over the period.
Consider 1,772 million yuan. In the context of the continuing decline in the price of lithium carbonate, the company arranged for the production of lithium carbonate in the spring, adjusted for the re-evaluation of the developed lithium salt project and the value of the mining prospecting rights in hand, to account for higher impairment of assets.
There has been a significant increase in the export ring ratio of 20204, with export refunds, etc., or a small disturbance of profit right; of these, storage battery output is around 20 gwh, the ring ratio has fallen, or has been slightly reduced by the overseas portion of the order margin/wh, or by export refunds and slower collection of overseas orders, among other things, has disturbed profitability.
The company’s power cell operations in 2024 showed 381gwhh, the same ratio + 19%; the unit price is 0.66/wh, the same ratio-0.22/wh, and the unit price of power cell sales is – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – — – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – –
Primarily affected by the decline in the price of lithium carbonate on a year-to-year basis; Māori in a unit of $0.16/wh, with a basic stability in the same year. Figure 7: Ningde-era power cell business collection and Māori rate (billions, %) Figure 8: Ningde-era power battery sales and acceleration (gwh, %)
The company’s share in the global power cell market was 45.1% in 2024, compared to +2.0%pt. The expansion of the company’s capacity has accelerated, and the global layout has increased its service capacity.
The company’s accelerated globalization, Germany’s capacity continued to climb up the slope, and the Hungarian factory, the Spanish joint venture, the Indonesian battery industry chain project was in the process of being actively built or prepared. In addition, according to the company’s co-chair, the company’s co-chairs,
Pan Jian revealed that the company is expected to finalize its fourth battery plant in Europe in 2025. The company is steadily moving forward with the power-generation capacity to meet global customer order delivery needs.
In October 2024, in response to the issue of the simple continuation of electric power in hybrid vehicles, the company released a pure electrical extension of 400km+ and a 4c supercharged remote-complex cell. In the area of commercial vehicles, the company introduced Skyline batteries.
A series of products is designed to accommodate passenger vehicles, logistics vehicles, heavy trucks, etc., to effectively address business pains such as short renewal of commercial vehicles, slow refilling, and rapid decline in life expectancy. Companies continue to cut off their stocks from overseas, and other businesses develop smoothly.
The company’s share of energy batteries is solid and profitable. In 2024, the company’s energy battery system collected $0.16/wh, with a slight increase in the ring. According to the sneresearch data, the company’s global market for energy batteries reached 36.5 per cent in 2024, ranking first in four consecutive years.
Figure 15: Sales and acceleration of storage batteries in the Ninder era (gwh, %)
In terms of system integration, the company introduced a solar-sleeved energy system that would achieve a five-year power and capacity zero decay and single-box energy of 6.25 mwh. In addition, the company launched a pu100 storage product that would support 6c electrical discharge to meet emergency 10-15 minutes of power backup.
The company’s overseas clients, which now cover nextera, synergy, wärtsilä, excelsior, jupiterpower, flexgen, National Energy Group, National Power Investment Group, China.
China, China, China, China, and China. Since 2025, companies have continued to cut out large amounts of overseas storage capacity. In January, Masdar announced his choice of the Ninder era as the preferred supplier of battery storage systems for the Emirates ' s rtc 19gwh energy project, and in March, Quinbrook plans and a combination of 3gw/24gwh storage and energy projects that landed in Australia during the Ninder era.
In terms of battery materials and recycling operations, the company achieved a revenue of $28.7 billion in 2024, i.e. 15 per cent; Māori ratio investment proposal: higher profit forecast, maintenance of a “better than the big city” rating, taking into account the continuing good domestic demand for electric vehicles and the sale of company batteries to the European New Energy Car Market.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject