1. "Americas: Short-term performance is hampered by industry adjustments and research is under way.
2. "Emergency company review: steady growth in the industry against the wind, temporary pressure on R & D + performance, steady progress in the pipeline. " In the breakdown of operations, 25h1 company solution 3. "Emermergency company review: proposed acquisition of Korea regen, internationalized layout, " Korea regen "
Continuing high-intensity R & D inputs, 25h1 R & D costs 157 million yuan and R & D cost 12.05% (year-on-year + 4.46 ptt). In the case of pipelines, companies are in the final stage of the review of registered declarations for the use of a type of botulinum toxin and Minotil agents, Lidocaine.
Dirkcaine mammal listing applications have been processed, and it is expected that products will be marketed to enrich the company ' s product class, to create synergies with the company ' s existing products, to meet the growing diversity of market demand, and to enhance brand influence and core competitiveness.
The company acquired 85% of Korea's regen (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) stock for $190 million during the reporting period.
Both aesthefill (face) and Powerfill (body) are regenerative materials based on pdlla (polysed cytonic acid). This complements the company's own plla (polysed ecstasy) “bringing” series to perfect the company's regenerative product matrix.
Building a strategic platform for internationalization: Regen’s products have been approved in 34 countries and territories around the world, with established international distribution networks and registration experience. Companies are expected to take advantage of regen channels and Kfda certification advantages in Korea to accelerate the internationalization of their own products.
Profit forecasting, valuation and rating Production R & D at a slower pace than expected; risk of falling net interest rates due to increased competition; market promotion - - - - - - -
Scanning for more services. Scanning for more services. Analysis of the rates of the reports in the market.