Short-term pressure on beauty care h1 performance, long-term competition between product high Māori and R & D reserves
Despite short-term pressure on performance, high Māori products and R & D inputs have become more competitive in the long term. Classes of “core injecting product income” have declined by more than 23%, indicating pressure on market demand or sales.
Higher, suggesting that corporate products are still more profitable. Financial costs rose by 121.63 per cent, mainly as a result of foreign currency investment and exchange losses; significant growth in R&D inputs; income contractions and exchange losses led to profit pressures, but higher M&A rates and investment in R&D increased.
The company announced on March 10 that its controlling subsidiary, AEI, would buy Korea regen with $190 million in cash.
Regen, the first South Korean, the third global company to receive a PEC skin filler, has been registered in 35 and 23 countries and territories, respectively, with core products aesthefil (face) and Powerfill (body).
The Division's internationalization of research and development, production and marketing resources, and the sustainability of its performance
Quarterly Review of Short-Term Performance, Internationalization and Research & Development
The patent technology has been applied to commercialized skins containing multiple headlines such as pva microballs, Lidocaine, fillings and achieving transparency in sodium acids, polyclimatic fillers and the pdo plant line industry.
The company now has 12 strategies for the reprotein, polythium, and other biopharmaceutical development.
Report 2025.03.14. Products such as smeltium injection fluids, covering biomaterials, pharmaceuticals and chemicals, with steady income growth and continuous progress in research and development capacity
\triangleright, in view of increased competition in the industry
Co, Waheed, Jinbo, we look forward to firm growth and sustained investment in innovative product R & D and maintain the “buy-in” rating.
This report is prepared without the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business sectors, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have made the necessary information in anticipation of the evolution of the portfolio or in making recommendations on the feasibility of the investment portfolio.
Lew, to the extent that he or she knows, his or her interests and those in the property have no interest in the securities that have been evaluated or recommended. I will not rate myself as r4 for the risk rating in this report, but only for customers (c4 and above) who meet the requirements for the proper management of investors in Hualong Securities Co. Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”).
The opinion and judgement of the day are published. At different times, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, but it is not obliged to do so.