The high growth in non-interest income and the continued optimization of the asset and liability structure resulted in a profit of 28,165 million, an increase of 5.21 per cent over the same period; a negative rate of 2.09 per cent, an increase of 0.17 pc over q1.
▪ Net profits increased by 5.21% over the same period, and interest rate increases in the joint savings bill held up the net interest differential. High non-interest income growth, net revenue on renewals and commissions increased by 8.4% over the same year, mainly due to the constant optimization of the hosting operations and financial processing fees compared to the same entry structure.
1.82%, a decrease of 21bps from the end of the 16th year. For the first quarter, the q2 net difference was calculated using the average balance caliber at the end of the initial period, down 9bps from q1.
It is expected that in the future, the size of the loan will stabilize and the interest rate level on the bill will fall steadily, with interest differential levels in the second half of the year.
Loans in the areas of services, real estate, etc.; a steady decline in the size of joint assets compared to the end of March; a decline in the ratio of investment capital to late loans, an increase in the rate of bad growth, a slowdown in poor generation and a more stringent criteria for asset allocation; the share of late loans by PWB in the first half of the year decreased by 0.07 pc to 2.91 per cent compared with the end of 16 years; a negative rate of 2.09 per cent.
Provision coverage has decreased: provision coverage has decreased from late March; quality has improved; profitability has improved.
Upon completion of the additional programme, capital adequacy rates will increase once the core level of capital is completed, and 2. Banking topics: bank swaps provide the basis for future growth on a scale.
Banking topics: Refinancing knowledge of banks  Profit forecasting and investment rating: PDC maintained high growth in non-interest income during the first half of the year and increased net profits at a higher rate than q1; active restructuring of assets and liabilities, with steady growth in the size of loan holdings, “Community of deposits”
The single + peer liability ratio is not under any pressure; while asset quality has improved, poor yields have decreased from the second half of the year, and the ratio of overdue loans has declined. We anticipate that Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, already has a portfolio investment advisory.