360 (601360): Performance forecast ahead of schedule, political and business security surges, 3600 Security Technology Co. Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as " SST " )
The net profit from non-repatriation is estimated at 2.51 billion to 3.11 billion, a decrease of about 415 million to 1,015 million in the same year, and the largest interconnectivity with “companies” or “3600” in China, a decrease of about 12 to 29 per cent.
Nets and mobile security products and service providers, companies predominantly recognizing the return on investment of approximately RMB 2,986 million (including taxes), resulting in non-recurrent gains, losses and belongings in 2019 Research and development on Internet security technologies and cybersecurity products
The net profits of shareholders in listed companies increased significantly, and in 2020 the company did not have an amount similar to that of the design, development and operation of equity items, relying on the extensive user base of Internet products, Internet advertising and apparel
Data analysis: strategic layout, overall net profit forecast for the year. 20q4 quarter net profits, Internet value-added services, smart hardware, etc., are announced, and the core security capabilities accumulated by these operations are applied
The negative impact of corporate revenue on safe operations through cloud-ordering, security services and operating models in areas such as corporate security, urban safety, but with the recovery of the economy, corporate q4 net profit data highlights corporate strategic operations
Main venture revenue-generating operations: Internet operations have significant advantages and remain the backbone of the company’s business. In terms of Internet advertising and services, companies maintain a strong branding and user sticky position in the pc end market, providing a solid business base for the company’s Internet advertising and service operations. Visitors affected by the epidemic in the first half of 2020
The budget for Internet advertising for households has been reduced, but as the economy recovers, Internet advertising will increase the total equity/circulation share (in thousands) and business will return to normal; in the case of Internet value-added services, in the spring of 2021, localization will be promoted everywhere.
Circulation b/h (millions) or “house economy 2.0” is expected to further benefit from online technology, online office, online entertainment and other cloud economic dividends.
Business security for companies: The information security sector is at the beginning of a new cycle, with companies and cities well placed on orders, poles and projects, and the bg business expansion is expected to be a potential growth point for companies. Prior to the company’s operations, the company’s business was dominated by a "c" approach, which was announced in 2019 to launch a 3.0 strategy for security for companies, targeting clients from individuals and homes.
As the economy becomes more digital, new technologies, such as "Change Intelligence" , continue to innovate, and threats in the area of information security escalate, and information security is new in the industry.
At the start of the cycle, companies are expected to take advantage of the opportunities for development through the accumulation of industry and pre-existing advantages. On the political and business side, the introduction of state-owned capital into targeted growth projects is expected to accelerate business expansion; On the urban safety side, companies have entered into partnerships with nine major cities, with cumulative orders of over $1.3 billion and urban safety.
The company's ability to commercialize safe operations at the bg end has been pre-tested and is expected to be a turning point in corporate performance and valuation, accelerating the safety operator strategy for the landing network.
According to the performance pledge and compensation agreement signed between the listed company and all the former shareholders of technology, and its supplementary agreement, the performance pledge has been signed by the company.
The net profit realized over the four-year period from 2017 to 2020, after deducting non-recurring gains and losses, should be no less than $13.5 billion for the parent division. In 2017-2019, when the sum of 3600 technologies achieved a real gain, a further $2.864 billion in non-recoverable gains was realized.
Companies’ earnings projections and investment ratings: companies’ Internet operations have strengthened the company’s operating base, business security, smart hardware, etc., are growing rapidly, or will become the company’s follow-up growth point.
With reference to the company ' s 2020 performance forecast and the location of the government and business enterprises on hand orders and projects, we believe that the company ' s 3600 (601360): the performance forecast is over-expected, the security business of the government is on the rise.
East Hing Stock Exchange Report 360 (601360): Performance forecast is over-expected and political and corporate security operations are on the rise.
In the areas of Wang Kenhui ' s big data, car networking, 5g applications, financial science and technology, and digital money, industrial research is a value-creating concept.
The research assistant gives an overview of his research views.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice involved. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.