The Centre for Research on Innovation Technology and Business Services (CITE) has a complex expectation of a significant improvement in net profit q4 on the evening of 29 January, when a performance announcement was issued by 360 that the company was expected to achieve a return net profit margin for the entire year 2020.
The company is expected to achieve a return net profit of about 28.2 per cent in 20 years, while the company’s aggressive pursuit of emerging security operations has led to a significant decrease in net profits and associated costs. However, in the single quarter, the company’s operating income has declined significantly since the second quarter of each quarter.
The ring ratio has grown, with single q4 net profit from non-repatriation of 8-14 billion yuan, an increase of 0-75% over the same period. 2. Net profit for 20 years, according to data, is consistent with our previous expectations, and we believe that as the impact of the epidemic subsides,
In mid-January, the company’s successive winning provincial orders, the Tianjin City Data Security Monitoring and Management Platform project, and the district order, the production of Kyoto’s synergistic development.
Together with intelligent cities to build safety and security systems, the winning amount is tens of millions of grades. Among them, the Jing Jin Synthesis project aims to plan for a comprehensive network security system architecture for the new coastal zone, focusing on the safety of the intelligent coastal application system. The Tianjin data security management platform project will be a joint national computer network of companies.
This strategic collaboration with Tianjin City is an important step in the strategic deployment of 360 companies, which will be based in the future on Tianjin Beach.
As the country’s smart cities accelerate, the future market space will be significant, and the number of government projects at the end is expected to continue to grow at a high rate.
zhaiwei@gjzq.com.cn Analysis of Report Rating Ratios in the Market
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment