Thirty-sixty (601360): Increase in strength, global distribution, state capital, secure cyber security, military status.
Incident: On 5 January 2020, the company issued a report on the status of the shares issued to a specific audience, confirming that it was the largest interconnectivity in China with 3600 Security Technology Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “the company” or “3600”)
The fund-raising for the 360 Cyberspace Security Research and Development Centre project, 360 new-generation artificial networks and mobile safety products and service providers, company-based smart innovation research and development centre projects, 360 large data centre construction projects, etc.
The design, development and operation of Internet safety technologies and network safety products, building on the extensive user base of Internet products, Internet advertising and clothing
Services, Internet value-added services, smart hardware.
In the areas of political security, urban safety, and so on, the company's current plan to raise $4.93 billion in additional funds. The project to build 360 Cyberspace Security Research and Development Centres, readings, security services and operations.
Security technology research and development and infrastructure projects, such as the 360-generation new generation of artificial intelligence innovation research and development centres project and the 360-large data centre construction project, will further expand the company ' s network security, artificial intelligence, large-scale resource reserves and technological advantages, and promote the full deployment of a full-time, all-round active security defence system.
Among those targeted for growth, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China,
Businesses are progressing at stages in projects such as Chengdu, Chuhai, Tianjin, etc. State ownership has also improved the company’s shareholder structure, and the company is expected to achieve business depth synergy with investors in the future, enhance its ability to expand its business in large and safe times, and strengthen its leading role in cybersecurity.
Increased equity capital will increase corporate risk defence capabilities, fund-raising projects will consolidate long-term corporate business development Billion shares, corporate total and net assets will increase accordingly, asset-liability ratios and financial risks will decrease. Corporate capital will be further enhanced, capital structures will be more optimized, and companies will resist finance.
In addition, it takes time for this fund-raising investment project to be fully released, and financial indicators such as the net asset rate of return of the company, per share, etc. may be affected in the short term. But, in the medium to long term, this non-public release will facilitate the company’s expansion of business rules.
The growth of Eastern financial intelligence depends on the depth of security that has accumulated over the years, as well as on the security of cities.
Three hundred and sixty build on the “360 Safe Brain” and apply the core Internet security capabilities that have accumulated over the years to government, security, and urban safety. Companies move from key cities, priority industries, and key infrastructure industries across the country and deepen the company-tob system. In more than a year, companies and 9 major cities, such as Chongqing and Tianjin.
Cooperation has been reached, with orders exceeding $1.3 billion. Of this amount, the winning amount is $118.6 million for Tianjin emergency response projects.
With the full opening of the information security market space, companies are expected to take advantage of the larger security strategy to demonstrate their vanguard advantage, with the deepening digitalization of the economy, the emergence of new and emerging technologies, such as 5g, object networking, big data, and the consequent escalation of threats in the area of information security, and the emergence of correspondence at both the market and national policy levels.
In 2019, the country's cyber-security market reached 52.3 billion yuan, and by the end of 2023 it will have broken 100 billion yuan, and the company will have established a large security strategy with a safe brain at its core, and the information security industry will have opened up a large space for development.
In this context, companies are expected to take advantage of development opportunities and demonstrate a pioneering advantage. Corporate profitability projections and investment ratings: Given the years of company data accumulation in the area of cybersecurity and the company’s future revenue collection on Internet commercialization.
In a stable state, and with the prospect of a turning point in business, we expect companies to benefit from the development of the information security industry and maintain a “recommended” rating. The Division’s strategy has not advanced as expected.
Figure 2: Corporate net profits (millions of dollars) and growth rates in recent years
The East’s source of wealth and wisdom, Wang Kenhui, has pursued the concept of value creation through industrial research in the fields of big data, car networking, 5g applications, financial science and technology, and digital money.
The research assistant provides an overview of the researcher’s own views.
East Hing Stock Exchange reports 3600 (601360): Increase the security situation and raise the country's capital to secure the security of the Internet.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.