The Central River sailed on the two-phase course - China, 14/07/2023 - to see and think about the opening of the capital market in 2023.
Keywords: #2nd curve# # below replacement cost #
The vision of a “life-risk industry long-termist” is also a continuation and deepening of group transformation by 2.0. The company’s vision is to unify the idea of a value-based development of a new volume of high-quality paintings, without underestimating the group’s and life-risk leaders’ commitment to transformation.
In-house work in the field to achieve “enabling headquarters, business-type institutions.”  Career marketing: “triple the top five” is starting to work, with a high yield of both volume and volume. A new 25% increase in life insurance coverage, leading a stock on the market, thanks mainly to professionalization, specialization, etc.
Digital construction, which promotes the improvement of the quality of the workforce and the quality of the business. Companies are willing to change, to change the underlying logic of the business, to explore a model of career marketing, from “man-driven, short-term incentives, product production” to “occupational marketing, long-term traction, customer operations”.
It is suggested that positive attention be given to indicators such as workforce capacity, core manpower volume, retention rate of newcomers and production capacity, policy retention rate, and value rate reflecting sales capacity, which continue to improve.
At the core of the area, there is a co-location of products and services to meet the needs of differentiated clients and to build high-quality teams. In 2023, there were more than 3,000 people in the silver stock, of whom nearly 70 per cent were agents, and more than a decade ago, 16,000 in the value-creating capacity of the silver stock.
The company builds a completely new “product-and-service” gold triangle around the three core needs of health, wealth, and old age.
Since then, the company has taken advantage of the “low interest rate + low risk preference” external environment and has actively launched multiple versions of a life-long life insurance product, which has been expected to be reduced by scheduled interest rates since 2023.
• Profit forecasting and investment rating: companies have been able to achieve transformational gains since 2023 by introducing their brains, practicing their inner skills, and moving forward in an orderly manner
As the leader of the recovery of the liability of the current life insurance industry, Taibao has successfully achieved long-term goals. We expect the Chinese insurance industry (601601); the impact of near retirement on the Group's "Four" transition; 3) long-end interest rates and the downside of the equity market.
In the case of Operation Long Air, the Chinese Taibao hosted the opening day of the capital market in 2023, and the Chinese River is on its way to the second phase. “Ten ships are at the top, the Chinese River is at the top, and the remaining ships are at the top of the list.
At the beginning of 2021, the insurance policy anchored its vision of “building the best-service life insurance company to be a long-term activist in the life-risk industry,” launched Operation Long Air and initiated a deeper transformation. By introducing the brain, practicing the internal skills, and pushing the first phase of the project to the ground in an orderly manner, the company has gradually reaped the benefits of the transition since 2023.
The year 2023 was a crucial year for testing the success of the transformation of risk companies, and an observation year for reshaping the industry’s role as the leader of the recovery of the current life insurance liability. In July 2023, Taibao, China, successfully agreed on a long-term ship’s priorities for career marketing, value insurance, and clothing since the implementation of the long-boat project.
The meeting was chaired by Chief Executive Officer Choi, Chief Executive Officer of the Pacific Life Insurance Policy, with five reports from the Managing Director and a closing statement from Director Pan Yinghong. In 2022, China's Chief Executive introduced the five voyages, “long voyages” in life insurance, “renewals” in insurance, and “accompanies” in financial management.
The Group's transformation gains are evident in the direction of shipping, EPS, corporate governance, and escort, in which the long-duration course of life insurance is both a vision of “life risk long-termists” in the face of a shift from high-speed to high-quality development and a continuation and deepening of the Group's transformation from 2.0.
1.1. The blueprint for the Long-Standing Initiative is presented. In early 2021, the Pacific Life Insurance Initiative anchored “the creation of a life insurance company with the best service experience as a long-termist in the life insurance industry”.
The vision of the mission, the launch of Operation Long Air, and the beginning of a deeper transformation. Since 2022, the TPI has insisted on client-driven approaches, driven by a transformational upgrade to a deep shift in the development of kernels and key models, with a series of transformational projects, such as career marketing, service-based marketing, value insurance, product-plus service systems, and so on, with their early results.
In 2021, the company launched Operation Long Air, which led to a new round of strategic improvements in the life insurance policy. Operation Long Air clearly identified the strategic objective of “one top, two top, four new”, namely, to target the best customer experience, pursue stable value growth and a strong market position, strive for new breakthroughs in the diversification of channels, new steps in the conservation of the ecosystem, and new developments in digitalization.
• Building a “334” strategic implementation focus: 1. Continued focus on upgrading of marketing, 1+x channel layout, and focused regional expansion
Three growth points; 2. Creation of three enabling sources of high health strategies, large old-age ecology, digital empowerment; 3. Consolidation of four strategic support points through the enhancement of scientific and technological capacity, sound data base, organizational capacity enhancement, and strengthening of human resources support.
In July 2021, the company launched the overall design of the long voyage conversion project, which identified eight project sets, and carried out the full-scale transformation design of channels, product-plus services, stock optimization, organizational culture systems and advocacy.
The Division was committed to the long-range transformation of the operation, with the following major tasks in 2021: 1. Designing a road map for 18 months of planning; 2. Strengthening the performance of human resources, in particular the core workforce-focused core core basic laws; 3. Conducting in-house field transformation initiatives, companies working together to face challenges and opportunities.
Landing, promoting business model change and upgrading. Among these, a venture career marketing project introduced the “Key” basic law on 1 January 2022, creating a new model of “professionalization, specialization, digitalization” job marketing, optimizing recruitment systems and tools, creating demand-driven marketing support systems, upgrading agents to support the platform “Technology Risks”, and improving the training body.
Figure 4: Future value growth paths and business logic for Operation Long Air: If 2022 was the first phase of a transformation of the Pacific life insurance policy around field transformation, with the basic law of the core spearheaded; 2023 was the year of transition focusing on deepening phase two of the transformation, around internal work transformation, and organizing change was the lead in shaping it.
1.3. Do not underestimate the commitment of the group and life-risk leaders to transition.
As a foreign brain hired by the Xiao, in April 2021, Chai formally joined the company. Mr. Chai was a marketing officer, regional manager, regional director of the insurance policy of the Ansein insurance group (United States company) in France, a general manager, chief executive officer of the insurance policy group (Hong Kong, China), a chief executive officer of friendly China, a regional chief executive officer of the friendly group, a microdoctor.
Mr. Choi joined a friendly country in 2009 as Chief Executive Officer of the friendly country of China, and in 2017 as Regional Chief Executive Officer of the friendly country insurance group in charge of the operations of the friendly countries of China, Malaysia, Viet Nam, Taiwan, and Myanmar. Under the leadership of Mr. Chai Qiang, between 2009 and 2016, the rate of annualized China ' s new insurance coverage increased by 18.6%.
With a total of 15.4 per cent, the complex increase in the value of the new business was 41.2 per cent (26.2 per cent for the group and 18.9 per cent for the interior), up to 86.4 per cent in 2016, Chai has a rich experience in the transformation of life insurance companies and has a great deal to do with China ' s personal risk market, not underestimating the commitment of the group and life-risk leaders to the transformation, and guided by the long-boat transition.
Harmonizing ideas, using values as the basis for the development of new high-quality volumes. Mr. Choi has been faced with many times in public performance announcements with investors asking “what's the most satisfactory thing in the long-boat phase and what's best for optimization.” He referred to “building hearts”, and since the first phase of the project, new values and working patterns have evolved.
It is worth noting that the market has been concerned that General Manager Choi, who has been working as a brain and a traditional ally, has no way of integrating himself into the existing management team. But, since General Choi took office in April 2021, whether with the chairman of the board,
Ban’s management responsibilities, or communication with the team’s members, always show a strong managerial, communication, and coordination capacity, and recognize the corporate organizational culture from the heart. It can be expected that, under the guidance of the long-boat transition, the company will be guided by a spirit of unity and a sense of value-based development of new films of high quality, and the continued release of the transformation’s benefits is to be expected.
Figure 5: Group and life insurance leaders leapfrog in their commitment to a life-insurance transition, where insurance is no longer a super-insurance transition.
♪ With the Queen's Home in Project Two, beat the rough, who ♪
"Manpower-driven, short-lived."
To create an “enhanced headquarters, an enabler industry, but
A professional, professional, "Traditional Axes, Too-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa.
The size of the new annual insurance premiums, self-employment, home, insurance.
The "core" of "operated" is formed by "triple the top five" as a client, a team.
Woodhouse's business, career marketing, done, more rationally.
More professional, not just model, building from above.
It's a fundamental risk of being integrated into management, support, services.
Qualitative performance, in-depth understanding of insurance patterns, continuous release.
“Professionalization means the establishment of full-time, full-time employment.
The first phase focuses on channel transformation, progressing as expected, and the company is actively planning the second phase.
Create a new organizational model for “enabling headquarters, operating institutions”. Currently, the field has gradually started operating itself. The next step will be to promote in-house self-employment, a client-team-centred business model, and an integrated top-down management, support, and service model. The second phase will focus on building a new in-house field.
Productivity and productive relationships, promoting a virtuous cycle of corporate business. Figure 6: Long-range flight II: From transformation to plasticization, from field to in-house. Long-range flight II: external, building organizational support that matches productivity.
For the future, the next transition to a life-sustainable insurance policy will be from a plastic-to-form, field-to-house, field-to-house. In promoting a field-to-field transition, corporate management has proposed long-established in-house or executive-driven management approaches that are increasingly in conflict with new business models that wish to promote field ownership and professional marketing.
The management model, which requires a comprehensive new organizational shape, matches the sales model of the field professionals. With one phase of work, the core themes of the Long Air II plan have been transformed around in-house work, starting with organizational change, building enabling headquarters and operating institutions, optimizing in-house work and thinking models, upgrading in-house management skills and deepening the public sector.
Production efficiency and effectiveness of the Division. 1. Building organizational support that matches productivity around client centres. 2. Values are the first. 3. Dynamics are the main focus.
Change. In terms of talent, further strengthening of market-based mechanisms and orientation, enhancing professionalization and internal motivation for human growth; in terms of mechanisms, greater emphasis on accountability, authority, benefits, matching mechanisms, and matching evaluation mechanisms that are more comprehensive and cycled; in terms of internal operating processes, a balance between stability and sensitivity, and greater sophistication
Vocational marketing: the “triple top five” construction has begun to yield results, with a high volume and double harvest and a steady positive growth of nbv since 3q22, with an accelerated lead to a marketed partner.
The basics of the 1q23 life insurance operations have continued to perform well. 1.1q23 provides a new insurance period for agents, with a contribution of $8,843 million, an increase of 4.2 per cent. 2. Core workforce size has steadily increased, core manpower ratio has risen, and core manpower income per person per month for the first year of commission and core manpower per person per month for pre-tax income has increased substantially.
Fig. 7:3q22 Since then, the life insurance Nbv has been running at the same speed as the previous year, and figure 8:1h23 life insurance nbv has been running at the same speed as the next month.
Life of the Nation: 1h23nbv is expected to increase at a rate of Xinhua: 1h23nbv is expected to increase at a rate of 1h23nbv.
The last risk team at the end of 1023 is the same as the last year.
"Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Far-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-F-Five-Five-F-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F
Between 9.2 per cent and 404,000 people, but with pull, core team sizes gradually rises to 1023 per capita capacity.
"Engineering," "Engineering, building on the foundations of team development. Branches have continued to build up since the second quarter.
Upgraded, core manpower per person per month first pushed the sales team towards specialization, mid-term evaluation, and value premiums.
Annual commission income, core manpower months
In the second quarter of the year, the company offered to create thousands of people, one of whom was a risk-marketer.
Recruiting manpower, newcomer value, official launch agent ideal is 662,000, ring is almost equal.
The brand "Peacemvp", which is a sign that the size of the team is more robust, leads the company back to the first line of the industry.
The second stage of the process, the company's "the safest and most valuable insurance agent, the steady increase in the quality of the team, and the increase in the quality of the company's work."
The aim of this initiative is to create the first annual payments per person per month of an agent's risk plate.
With the heat resonance, the business is growing faster, and the top performers are on top of the team.
Expenditure on fees and commissions increased at a rate of 9.5 per cent (nbv growth rate of 7.7 per cent); new “triple top five” construction architecture developed to explore career marketing core models
The firm is willing to change the bottom logic of the team, and explore the bottom line of the business. The core of the core model is to change the old approach of “manpower-driven, short-term incentives, product-hungry” to “occupational marketing, long-term traction, customer-operated business”; and to transform the previous human-sea model into a bottom line of merit-based logic, one-on-one sales.
Instead of a production session, self-employment replaces in-house promotion, transforming the short-term performance sprint model into a balanced and continuous model. Optimizing staff income space through basic laws; improving marketing support systems, upgrading digital marketing managers’ models, and building stronger entrepreneurship platforms using a combination of online and offline approaches to client operations; and designing two major closed-ring processes.
(b) Upgrading the professional marketing field to achieve the “Five Tops”, i.e. the richest income space, the strongest entrepreneurship platform, the warmest servile service, the most professional growth system, and the most comfortable working environment.
The “triple-up” of the most intensive teams, creating professional management systems and upgrading individual customer value conversion models. Figure 10: “triple-up” of risk marketing, Figure 11: “triple-up, five-most” career marketing practices to build proxies
The practice of “triple, five-most” construction from a team perspective can be divided into three specific areas: 1 plasticization: playing a leading role in basic law, in the marketing of the workforce, managing the business, nurturing the newcomer, and helping the team to develop and manage its activities in the family.
Retention and demand-marketing clients operate in a four-pronged manner; maintain the integration of recruitment, re-engineer the recruitment system with new ideas, processes and tools, promote the normalization of excellence and attract talented people from all walks of life; promote client hierarchization, continuously entrench team habits, and provide customers with a full week of customization
Phases, panorama services, individualized, comprehensive and multilayered solutions.2 Professional competencies: upgrading the training system, focusing on team capacity-building, building demand-driven marketing capacity and self-management capacity through a three- to five-year, industry-led capacity-building training system;
Deepening the integration of “products and services”, building the “gold triangle” group ecology at the company level, developing the concept of full family security, and marketing the three new ideas of health, old age and wealth.3 Creating platforms for continuous construction of a collaborative ecological and digital science and technology platform for marketing, stock sales and sales;
The development of digital science and technology platforms through the construction of digital blueprints and the establishment of three main centres for clients, services and activities provides a strong basis for individual business operations.
With the construction of the core model, the team of agents of the insurance policy has been upgraded in many ways, and the quality of the operation has been steadily raised. In addition to the development of cutting-edge marketing elites, the team has been sufficiently strong and the overall quality has been improved, as evidenced by the steady improvement in the performance indicators of the business quality indicators.
6.8 pt, which effectively tested the effectiveness of the basic law of the core, Long Air Operation II, stated that it would continue to focus on capacity, core manpower numbers, retention rates for newcomers, productivity rates for newcomers, and policy continuity rates, while Chai ' s emphasis on the recovery of the margin, which reflects the ability to sell, was clear.
Figure 12: Continuous improvement in the quality of the workforce since the implementation of Operation Long Air (1q23) Figure 13: Improvement in the quality of operations since the implementation of Operation Long Air (1023) Continuous release of the basic law of the core to raise the quality of the workforce from the collection, retention, breeding, and training.
See, the team has sought to attract excellence, mobile payments, wages (fund companies, 4s shop parts, business units, electricians), retirees (property management, Japanese company management, Chinese medical care) and small and medium-sized enterprise owners (catering, training, medicine and beauty).
Sifting learning abilities and self-driven consciousness. Under the kernel basic law, commission benefits are tilted to a single line, and the team itself quickly calculates the new policy premium requirement for consensual income. 3. Taiu chooses the core logic for re-engineering the recruitment and retention system, re-engineering the "preselection - awakening - selection" module is the core, science, efficiency, selection of newcomers, and upgrading the "retention" game.
3. Value insurance: new location, value creation period 3.1. Silver insurance channels are not the same as in the past, with profound changes in the internal and external environment.
(c) The aggressive asset-driven liability model gradually fades out of the market. 2 Regulatory environment: banking, insurance, joint penetration;
Market agents further regulate operations and health development; the competitive environment for banking and insurance is purified. 3 Customer demand: residents: assets are growing faster and wealth of high-net clients is accumulating faster; residents ' savings rates are high and risk preferences are decreasing; combined capital allocation becomes the main theme, insurance guarantees and service requirements are diversified. 4 Banks prefer: multiple rounds of adjustment and netting.
The company has broadened its diversity of channels, deepened the plasticization of its silver-backed business model, focused on value grids, value products, and high-quality teams, continuously optimized product structures and promoted valuable growth.
The value insurance identifies three strategies for value management, value products, and high-quality teams, and also builds smart silver, value silver.
The Pyrotechnic Conservancy is a three-tier technology platform, thus ensuring top-level design planning and security. The value net is based on a nuclear dual concentration focal model, with a one-generation model at its core, with a focus on strategic channels and on the provincial capital city. The value product is focused on three rates, namely, the demand-oriented demand-based approach of the clientele, higher coverage of the population, higher penetration of the wealthy clientele, higher net value.
Group configuration rates; high-quality teams focused on four things: high quality, high performance, high income, high retention; and technology empowerment.
Figure 14: Core Sufficiency Foundation, “Key” top-level design architecture The core advantage of value top-level design can be divided into four points:
Cooperation in the short and medium term, using long-term strategic cooperation strategies, focuses on the strategic channels of the “one-line” of the core banks to achieve product excellence, team excellence, network depth, client operation; through focused focus areas, to leverage the focus advantage of high urban output, short management links, and group resources to tap the depth of development by breaking through the central city.
#43pt, striving for deep convergence. 2. Rich products and services meet the differentiated needs of hierarchical customers.
A combination of wealth needs. Between 3O22 and 1O23, the rate of new business value paid for the insurance period is stable at more than 20%, the number of clients entrusted to clients is 63% in the division, and 65% in the Division of Qualifications for the Gestapo, which explores the hierarchy of clients. 3. Establish a high-quality team with a leading training and activity management model in the industry.
Tactics, through optimization of basic laws, models of staff growth, cost effectiveness; management of activities centred on customer needs analysis management; use of a one-size-fits-all model to build a four-high team of high quality, high productivity, high performance and high retention.
At the end of 1q23, there were more than 3,000 people in the company ' s silver insurance workforce, nearly 70 per cent of whom were agents, and more than a decade ago, 16,000 silver insurance teams had a value-creating capacity. 4. Three science and technology platforms, offering a full range of demand and client experience.
Figure 15: Strategic change brings with it new advantages of excellence: broad, shallow, short- and medium-term cooperation Product orientation, simple push
Long-term strategic cooperation, deep integration, win-win client demand orientation, layered operations, initial phase, single aid
Man-man tactics, less effective, mind-brained, full-fledged, good-suited, qualitative priority.
Production services: The Golden Triangle constructs a two-circle process, provides security of old-age security for the environment. 4.1. The delivery system covers three main needs, forming a two-circle process, and under the guidance of the long-distance transition, the ESP builds a whole new “product” around the three core needs of health, wealth and old-age.
In a context of a gradual decline in traditional high-risk products, due to the expected decline in disposable income of the population, the company has taken the initiative to deepen its market potential, to adhere to the customer demand-oriented marketing concept of “all-risk insurance for the whole family” and to continuously improve its own insurance system to meet the growing and rich insurance policies of its clients.
Figure 16: Life insurance products and services enriched since 2022 Health security Old-age inheritance
• Products: high-risk, medical • products: old-age pensions, life expectancy, etc.
• Services: old-age communities, etc. Overseas consultations, etc. • Products: financial annuities
Based on the needs of the client, the EPS focuses on the dimensions of two client perspectives: the full life cycle of the client, with the supply-side transformation core covering first and foremost the life cycle of each client; and the long-term service of diversified product specialization and customization of the client population based on differences in client capacity to pay.
There are two very important closed-ring mechanisms for the realization of the Golden Triangle, which, through the closed-ring mechanism, ensure a rapid, agile, and effective response to market demand on the supply side. The first closed-door mechanism is the intensive, customized, prefabricated “core” generation of prefabricated cooks at the end of the product.
At the end of the product, you achieve a process that is driven from demand discovery, programme research, creative design, grinding and validation to listing, and the advantage of reserve generation, research and development generation, marketing generation, creating channels for differentiation, regions, municipalities and customers to provide differentiated product services.
The second closed-ring mechanism is the five-workshop process of the service facility, which ensures the effectiveness and agility of the concept of integrated delivery clothing in the service process through a new, more proactive, efficient and controlled generation of service plants. The five workshops are the design workshop (programme design), the development workshop (back-to-back collaboration), the supply workshop (access and review), and the supply workshop (access to and review of services).
Delivery workshops (quality control) and operation workshops (service operations) treat insurance services as insurance products, harmonize entry, process and data, ensure that service delivery is well-suited through the productization of such services, achieves efficient operation, quality control and enhances client experience.
Figure 17: Product-mechanism construction of central kitchen closed-ring processes Figure 19: Integrated Health Assurance Solutions for Clothes, based on acute risk, Figure 20: Solutions for old-age under Integrated Clothes, promoting product services
The new generation of high-risk and one-stop services creates a new generation of high-risk and one-stop-shop solutions for health-care gaps, with the integrated design of “products and services”.
There is a continuous and multi-dimensional scaling-up effect, with a strong combination of service lines and national drug groups to create a new generation of protective blue-backed butlers for severely ill clients, one-on-one private managers and one-stop medical treatment solutions. We see that the company’s heavy-health product terms have evolved from the end of the product to the bottom of the product line.
Table 1: The company’s most recent serious disease products are tailored to address the gap in old-age security, and the TPI has introduced several personalized products to provide targeted old-age inheritance services. The old-age solutions focus on specific clients, and have been marketed for products such as the old-age pension, good cancer prevention medicine, etc., and
New lines of product development are under way for old age accidents, slow diseases, special diseases (Pakinson, stroke in the brain, Alzheimer disease) and the annual red-allows pension. Companies not only meet the full range of old-age needs at the end of the product, but also provide a full range of value-added services at the end of the service, as well as at the end of the service, at the Washington Hospital, at the Escort Homes, at the age of 100, at home and nursing services, and at rehabilitation hospitals.
Promoting diversification of product services. In recent years, companies have taken advantage of the external environment of “low interest rates + low risk preferences” and have actively launched multiple versions of life-saving risk products to meet the combined needs of clients for long-term savings and long-term guaranteed products, 2023 years ago.
The market demand for the product is further activated by the expected reduction in the interest rate. The product is a life-saving insurance product, which is sold at the following point: 1. Long-term care, with a life-long incremental increase.
A part of the policy ' s cash value is obtained by way of a reduction in the amount required by the terms. 3. Insurance policy loans ease the pressure.
We analyse the unique advantages of the product in wealth management and old-age transmission, using as an example the company’s long-term savings-based life risk insurance in recent years. According to the benefits demonstration in the product statement, the rate of return (irr) within the product after 10 years is between 2.5 and 3.0%, meeting the dual needs of the customer for long-term savings and long-term security, and the product.
The cost of the liability is relatively manageable. We expect that even after the expected interest rate has been lowered to 3.0 per cent in the future, the agreed level of earnings will be provided to the client by way of a red premium and optimization of the cost structure.