Material and materials are expected to warm up, and the value of the policy is expected to be re-evaluated.
In 2020, the company sold 453 million tons of cement and clinker, or 19.06% of the city, with the lowest production cost and cost compared to that of the company, and enjoying “the world's cement for China.”
The supply side is strictly regulated, and the price of the cement is newly high. The continued tightening of the supply side, driven by a policy of double energy consumption, local power restrictions, and faulty peak production, will close the price of the cement.
Keys. With strict supply control and a sharp increase in cost, we expect the t strategy to build core competitiveness and trade to improve price control. With the Changjiang advantage of transport, total equity/flow (million shares)
The company produces clinker in resource areas, sells cement at the mills where it needs it, achieves a low gross market value/flow (millions of dollars) for its radiation consumption market. In order to improve price control, the company acquires the original through its trade operations.
The 12-month maximum/minimum amount of material and the continuous increase in profitability, with a continuous increase in city occupancy in the context of supply-side reforms. The scarcity of resources is underestimated as a part of the journey abroad.
Well, by developing vertically integrated projects in the country, developing a long-term growth space for cement operations abroad. Companies reduce the impact of policies on production and costs through technological advances and energy restructuring. As new production capacity becomes more difficult, the properties of existing productive resources are highlighted.
The company’s valuation is lower than in the glass, aluminium, and so on, and is expected to be revalued. The valuation premium, based on 9.5 times that of the company’s pe hub since 2017, gives the firm a firm’s watch: recurring epidemics: exchange rate fluctuations.
Snail cement: Policy expected warming, value expected to be revalued: Policy expected warming, value expected to be revalued: Policy expected warming, value expected to be revalued
China's most competitive cement company (i) was the second largest cement company in China, Anseng Sea conch, formerly the Ning Guo Cement Plant, established in 1985 and acquired several
As of 30 June 2021, the company had a total equity capital of 529.9 million and a circulation capital of 4 billion. The company’s first shareholder was the conch group, with 36.4% of the shares.
The capital subsidiary holds a 51 per cent share in the conch group and is the physical controller of conch cement. The company is mainly involved in the production and sale of cement and cement clinkers, has a wealth of limestone mineral resources in China East and South China, and uses all of its production lines with advanced new dry cement technology with high production, low energy consumption, high automation and labour productivity.
According to the company’s semi-annual report in 2021, the company produced 370 million tons of cement, 264 million tons of clinker, 4.2 million squares of commodity concrete, and 58.3 million tons of sandstone. The company is China’s second largest cement company, with a second-largest capacity after China’s Construction Materials Group, and enjoys the popular title “World Cement in China, China Cement in Sea conch in China.”
Tail cement: The policy is expected to warm up and the value is expected to be revalued (ii) cost and cost-control capacity is high. In terms of profit, the cement business contributed about $46 billion in 2020, with a profit ratio of about 90 per cent, and the trade in building materials and other business Māori ratio
0.23% and 1.65%, with a limited contribution to profits. Skeletal business income is low, but the Māori rate is 68%. In October 2017, the company and China built materials under the Shanghai-South Cement Co. Co. Ltd. established the An Qijiang North Sea Building Materials Trading Company Ltd. Since 2018, in an effort to strengthen control over marketing channels, it has consolidated its leadership position, while preventing low-cost foreign clinkers from disrupting the market.
The company has 11 trading companies in the provinces of Anhui, Jiangsu, Zhejiang, Shandong, etc. Trade operations have contributed significantly to the company’s revenues, helping the conch group enter the world’s top 500.
Prior to that, company-owned sales of cement clinker increased steadily, but company revenues and profits stagnated as cement prices continued to fall. Since 2016, with the introduction of the faulty production policy in the cement industry, the price of cement has risen significantly, company incomes and profits have changed dramatically, with revenue cagr = 9%, and profits have increased much faster than revenues.
Figure 5: Trade as a driver of corporate income growth Chart 6: Price as a driver of corporate profits Chart 7: Corporate cement sales are highest in 20 years
Figure 8: The company’s excellent performance in 19 years with the highest unit price of cement is related to its own cost and cost-control capacity. In 2020, the company’s cost of cement clinker production was $171 per tonne, with three rates of 4.23 per cent, the lowest among comparable companies.
The net profit from conch cement in 2020 amounted to $36,370 million.
The company ' s domestic production capacity is divided into four main regions, including Jiangsu, Zhejiang, Shanghai, Fujian and Shandong in the eastern region, Anhui, Jiangxi and Hunan in the central region, Guangdong, Guangxi and Hainan in the southern region, and Guanqing, Guizhou, Yunnan, Gansu, Xinxi and Xinjiang in the western region. From the distribution of the company ' s cement clinker capacity, the central region has the highest share of 51%.
The Western and Southern regions account for 27 and 15 per cent, while the Eastern regions account for only 3 per cent. The Eastern regions account for 29 and 31 per cent of corporate income and profits compared to the Central region, which is mainly related to the company’s t strategy.
The price of cement is expected to rise at a very high level on the supply side, and since the fall of 2016, the price of cement and industry profits have improved significantly, with the demand for cement peaking in 2014. Especially in 2017-2018, the decline in domestic demand for cement did not impede the price increase.
The rise in cement prices since 2016 is mainly related to supply-side controls and has limited relevance to changes in cement demand. (i) Strict supply-side controls.
In January 2021, the Ministry of Industry and Communications and the Ministry of Eco-Environment jointly issued a Circular on the Further Development of Cement Normalization Faults, which requires that the production of the wrong peaks of Liaoning, Gilling, Heilongjiang and Xinjiang be carried out from 1 November to the end of March, and that the production of the wrong peaks of Beijing, Tianjin, Hebei, Shanxi, Inner Mongolia, Shandong, Henan be produced from 15 November to 15 March, Shanxi, Gansu, Qinghai, Ningxia
From 1 December to 10 March, the rest of the country can perform production peaks during spring, winter, rainy season, and major events, depending on local conditions. This policy is a continuation of the 2016 policy, which eliminates the possibility of ending production policies in late 2020.
But not below the minimum requirements. Yunnan, who had not been involved in the production of the peaks since 2021, has been involved in the production of the peaks for 70 days a year. Unlike in previous years, some regions have further refined the production times of the fall peaks, adding the fall peaks to the production of the peaks of the winter. The Shanxi Cement Association has requested that all cement clinkers be produced.
On August 21, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20 and 10 October 20, the production of winter peaks in Shanxi Province will be launched on November 15, after the fall peak production mission is completed.
The policy has been further tightened with regard to the previously exempted production of clinker clinker production lines, which need to be coordinated with traditional cement companies to participate in the production of clinker production through the "fault peak replacement" and to take responsibility for the heating of the population, which should be completed during the non-heating season, during the non-fault peak production period: there is a year-round co-processing of municipal waste and hazardous waste production lines that do not involve the production of clinker.
However, there is a need to reduce the load properly. Production replacement policy is becoming more stringent, with the emphasis on air pollution prevention and control, according to the Management Approach for Cement Glass Production and Management, issued by the Ministry of Industry and Communications in July 2021.
The regional cement project capacity replacement ratio was adjusted from 1.5:1 to 2:1 and the non-atmosphere pollution prevention priority area conversion rate from 1.25:1 to 1.5:1. The production lines of two consecutive years and more cannot be replaced. Guangxi is the main area where the capacity has been replaced in the past few years.
According to the Inspector's guidance, the impulse to embark on the "two highs" project during Guangxi's "14th Five-Year" period is still strong, with high energy-consuming industries such as cement clinkers able to expand continuously, with 12 ongoing projects producing 1.73 million tons of energy, 2.9 times the 13th Five-Year Growth. As the energy replacement policy becomes more stringent, and as the overall energy consumption considerations in the region are integrated, new projects will become more difficult in the future.
Since 2016, as domestic cement prices have risen, the volume of cement and cement clinker imports has increased significantly. In 2015, the volume of cement clinker imports increased from 0.5 million tons to 33.37 million tons in 2020; in 2015, the volume of cement imports was 100,000 tons and in 2020.
The large increase in imports has had an impact on the price of cement in East and South China, and has had a negative impact on the policy effects of domestic production at the wrong peaks.
In order to reduce the impact of imported cement on domestic supply, the seven ministries and departments of the State Council jointly issued an Opinion on Improving Cement Product Quality Standards and Cement Market Order, which calls for enhanced regulation of import cement testing. Once imported cement clinkers are included in the statutory testing list, it means that products will be sold and used after a test cycle of at least 28 days. During this cycle, the import of clinker will be significantly increased.
In addition to the import-test quarantine policy, maritime transport constraints have also led to a significant reduction in imports. First, due to the epidemic, the impact of the epidemic has been severe.
External ship arrivals are limited and the cycle of import clinker entry is extended; secondly, sea freight costs are significantly higher and ship booking is more difficult owing to constraints on transport capacity; and finally, long-term detention of foreign ships has led to a significant increase in shipowners’ costs, owing to the small number of domestic clinker landing ports and port capacity. As the epidemic continues to have an impact on supply, some countries have begun to adjust tariffs on raw materials exports to meet domestic market demand.
According to data from the digital cement network (2020q1), Viet Nam imports 70% of cement clinkers in China and 91% of cement in China. According to data from 2021, China imports cement clinkers and cement have declined significantly.
(ii) Capital investments are expected to warm up from June 21
In January-July 2021, our capital investment grew 4.6%, real estate investment grew 12.7%, and the rate of growth continued to decline. According to the purchase orders announced by China’s buildings, the single-month order in July was the lowest in nearly three years.
Figure 22: Decline of China ' s construction capital order in July: New contract amount for construction in China: housing construction (millions of yuan)
According to the government’s report on its work at the end of 2020, in 2021, based on past experience, the amount of new debt issued in previous years will reach or be close to that year’s limit. The meeting of the “Political Bureau” stressed that “730.”
It is important to regulate macro-policies across cycles, maintain macro-policy continuity, stability, sustainability, and integrate the macro-policy interfaces for the next two years; the country regularly repeats the idea of strengthening cross-cyclical regulations, keeping the economy in a reasonable environment, and proposes specific refinements that focus on alleviating the difficulties of market players, using local government debt to boost effective investment. We anticipate an increase in capital investment in the fourth quarter.
Since the third quarter of 2020, real estate regulation policies have continued, and the state has repeatedly expressed its determination to regulate housing prices. In January-July 2021, land acquisitions fell by 9.3% over the same period, and new construction began by 0.9% over the same period. In the long run, the impact of the real estate sector on cement demand has been negative.
Snail cement: The policy is expected to warm up, and the value is expected to be revalued.
Cement prices tend to be markedly seasonal. In general, the second and fourth quarters are year-round highs, one quarter and three quarters are affected by seasonal weather and are year-round lows. In 2021, the price of cement was raised earlier than the calendar year, and Chinese Cement prices began to fall after reaching highs in late May, the highest price for the same period in the calendar year.
In the future, the demand for cement in the capital sector will continue to support it, and there will be a risk of falling demand in the real estate sector. In terms of supply, industry cr10 has reached 57% through industrial mergers.
Coal accounts for about 25-30% of the cost of cement clinker. In 2021, as a result of the rise in coal prices, the cost of cement companies increased significantly, and the business performance of leading cement companies declined in the first half of 2021 during the same period.
Snail cement: Policy is expected to warm, value is expected to be revalued, III. High competitive advantage, regional seasons are coming, and (i) “t strategy” combines resources with markets
The company uses its geographical superiority to create a “t strategy” t, with the Yangtze River and the coastal economic belt. The company builds large, medium-sized clinker bases in areas rich in limestone on the Yangtze coast, acquires small cement plants at low cost in coastal areas where resources are scarce but cement demand is strong, and transforms them into milling stations, produces cement locally, sells directly the demand-rich eastern market and forms a “creaking” market.
This strategic model successfully addresses the bottlenecks in the cement industry of “transport costs, limited distribution areas.” Compared to the head cement manufacturing industry, conch cement freight costs are lower than comparable sales costs. (ii) “Trade strategy” increases regional price control.
Starting in 2017, the company was involved in the cement clinker trade. In 2018, the company ' s sales revenue from the cement clinker trade increased to $41,068 million in 2020. Trade operations, on the one hand, increased the size of the company ' s revenues, facilitated its entry into the world by more than 500, and, on the other hand, raised the company ' s market share and control over regional cement prices to prevent low-priced external clinker.
In 2020, the company sold 453 million tons of cement and cement clinkers, up from 12.74 per cent in 2017 to 19.06 per cent in the city. In response to the low profitability of trade operations, the company took advantage of its own financial advantages to buy in the North and South-East Asia region.
Low-price cement clinker. In order to increase profitability, companies open logistics links and reduce the cost of transport of clinker. In the marketing of products, companies take the lead in selling their own products, ensuring capacity utilization and reducing fixed cost-sharing.
Cement clinkers are used as semi-finished cement, and the state has strict controls over the production of cement clinkers, which require support from upstream limestone mining sources. In this case, cement clinkers are “resources” that need to be outsourced at downstream mills.
Cagr = 5%. Cement clinker production is growing faster than cement clinker production. At the same time, external cement clinkers purchased by companies are processed into water at powder mills and then exported to enhance the profitability of cement products. In 2018, the Māori rate for the company ' s cement clinker trade increased from 0.17% to 0.23% in 2020.
(iii) Downstream markets in the developed regions of China, where the main distribution areas of corporate products are concentrated in the East and South China regions, where 61 per cent of corporate own-owned products are generated. In terms of cement prices, East and South China are ahead of the rest of the country. As a result of the season, the North will go from four quarters to the south.
The Long Triangle and the Pearl Triangle are the most developed regions of China’s economy. From a capital point of view, the infrastructure development space in the south-eastern part of the country is still in place.
The country’s continued increase in investment in infrastructure in the East and South China region is expected to provide firm support for the company’s sales in the region. In 2020, the Commission approved the top five capital projects, three of which are located in the South and East China region, namely, the Tungang Bay Area Transport Network Project, the Jinan Urban Transport Network Project and the Ningpo Urban Transport Network Project.
On 7 June 2021, the National Development and Reform Commission issued a multi-layered orbital transport plan for the Yangtze delta region, which, by 2025, would have a total orbital transport mileage of over 22,000 kilometres, with an additional distance of over 8,000 kilometres, with high-speed railways reaching cities above the ground level, and orbital transport services covering 80 per cent of urban towns with a permanent population of over 50,000.
Figure 34: Subregional price trends in cement (p042.5)
(iv) Long-term growth space opened up along the way and in integration, and our cement demand peaked in 2014, with the first shift in demand from positive to negative, and the high growth period passed. The market was gradually shifting from a major supplier to a price-driven one, and the company ' s cement sales (self-produced) slowed down after 2014. By the end of 2020, the company ' s money capital had slowed down.
In order to address the development dilemma caused by high domestic demand, the company responded positively to the country’s “one-way” strategy. In 2014, the Ministry of Finance’s first industry line of clinker production abroad was officially launched in Indonesia.
In 2020, the company was able to produce 9.04 million tons overseas, building 5.0840 million tons in construction, and producing China’s largest overseas cement industry. It is currently located mainly in Indonesia, Laos, Myanmar, Cambodia, and other countries.
In the case of vertical integration projects, the company focuses on downstream extension and the development of bone and concrete operations. The company has more access to mining rights and mine resources in Anhui, and has the power to produce bones and transport them through river water transport.
The company produces 58.3 million tons of bone and is building 6 million tons of bone, with an annual bone production capacity of 64.3 million tons/year after completion, an increase of more than 10%. The Māori rate is 68.34% of the company ' s bone business in 2020, which is 20 percentage points higher than the cement business. In addition to the bone business, the company develops a strong concrete business. The main cost of concrete is bone and cement, and the company has an adequate reserve of raw materials (water).
Mud + bone) and easy and low-cost water transport corridors have the natural advantage of developing the business. At present, we use premixed concrete with a penetration rate of about 48%, while developed countries use premix concrete with a penetration rate of over 70% and a greater degree of domestic penetration.
Corporate bone production capacity (tonnes of tons) Technology and environmental advantages to protect production costs increase by 245.40 per cent on a year-on-year basis, mainly by subsidiaries for ultra-low-emission technology development and green energy development projects for cement manufacturing
Inputs have increased. Emissions of sulphur dioxide, nitrogen oxides, and particulate matter are currently below national standards. According to the Guidelines for the Development of Emergency Mitigation Measures for Heavy Contaminated Weather Priority Industries, a level-I enterprise is free to reduce emissions on an emergency basis.
Soil production lines are relatively limited and constitute “protective” of production. During the “14th Five” period, the construction materials industry will be included in the carbon trade, while cement is a large emitter, and advanced carbon abatement techniques will reduce energy and environmental costs. In 2019, the company built the “Cement kiln Steam Carbon Dioxide Pure” at the Cement Plant in White Ma Hill.
In August 2021, the company acquired 100% of its share in the new conch energy, engaged in photovoltaic power generation, and promoted the transformation of the energy structure.
Source structure, resulting in high carbon emissions in the cement sector, which can be controlled by increasing the proportion of clean energy sources, carbon capture, etc., thereby reducing the impact on production of carbon reductions and the cost implications of carbon trading.
Figure 40: Corporate R & D costs are slightly lower than (vi) policies are expected to warm, resource scarcity is highlighted, but conch stock prices continue to fall, reflecting expectations of economic decline in the context of US trade friction and domestic deleveraging.
While cement prices and profits continued to fall from February 2020 to July 2020, conch prices continued to rise, and stock prices reversed expectations of economic stimulus under the epidemic. With the expected increase in policy stimulus in the fourth quarter and the first quarter of 22 years, the cement plate was optimistic.
In contrast to previous statements, policies have changed from strict control of “new production” to “high control of production”. In the context of energy consumption, double control, and carbon emission reduction, the resource attributes of existing cement clinker production are highlighted. We will compare with botulinum, electrolytic aluminium, iron and steel in excess-capacity industries, colored coal-drawn enterprises with resource attributes, valuation of coal cement (pettm)
Lowest. Seal cement is expected to be revalued against the background of resourceization of the performance indicators. Chart 42: Seal cement is valued lowest: policy is expected to warm and value is expected to be revalued
Cement and clinker prices: The logic of supply affecting cement prices remains, and the wrong peaks of production and environmental limits will continue to be implemented. In the future, as the capital sector drives the demand for cement, taking into account the trend in cement prices, corporate cement and clinker costs are projected for 2021-2023: projected costs of corporate cement and clinker unit production (excluding taxes) of $196.53 for 2021-2023
Average. Since a company is the most profitable cement business in the country and is one of the core assets of a construction material industry, it should be entitled to valuation of conch cement: policy is expected to warmer and value is expected to be revalued Macroeconomic downside risk: the cement industry is typical of a cyclical industry, with industry fluctuations closely linked to the economic cycle.
China’s economic slowdown and the slowdown in fixed-asset investment will have negative impacts on the industry. Cement prices are not as high as expected: if demand is not released within the region as scheduled, they will cause insufficient incentives to increase the price of cement, with adverse effects on corporate profits.
Environmental, safety, and other uncertainties: environmental, safety, etc. in cement production, which may have a greater impact on the company’s normal operations. The risk of recurrent epidemics: if repeated in autumn and winter 2021, it will have a negative impact on downstream construction and cement demand.
Risk of exchange rate fluctuations: The company has a business profile abroad, which will erode conch cement if losses on exchange are caused by local exchange rate fluctuations: policy is expected to warm and value is expected to be revalued
Li Yinwen, Institute, 9 North Street, Beijing West Side, Beijing.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.