Increased profitability, and significant advantages in the overall industry chain layout card position, August 29, 2025, Mid-City Dawn (603019.sh)
Incident: On 28 August, the company issued its mid-term performance report for 2025. During the reporting period, the company achieved operating income of $5.85 billion, an increase of 241 per cent, a net return to the mother of $729 million, an increase of 29.39 per cent, and a deduction of non-return to the mother of $569 million, an increase of 55.2 per cent.
The business structure continues to be optimized and the profitability of the main business is enhanced. The company achieved 32.64 billion yuan in the first quarter of 25q2, an increase of 0.94 per cent in the same year, a net return to the mother of 542 million yuan, an increase of 28.91 per cent in the same year, and Wu Xing Jiann
The net profit from the non-repatriation of 462 million yuan, an increase of 49.01 per cent from the previous year, and the significant increase in the profit-end ring ratio have largely benefited from: on the one hand, the optimization of the company ' s product structure and the enhancement of the profitability of its main business, and, on the other hand, the return on investment from high-quality assets, such as sealight information, China ' s map, dawn and light, held by the company.
During the reporting period, the company achieved a Māori rate of 26.65 per cent, which is an improvement in profit quality compared to +0.4 pct. We believe that last year the company began to adjust its marketing strategy, continuously optimize its product structure, and reduce competition and grossness.
Projects with low interest rates, while reducing operating costs and increasing operational efficiency, have had significant results, and the profitability of the company ' s main business continues to improve and performance has improved steadily.
The entire warehouse has a national production numeracy chain, with a clear advantage in substituting the core of the cards. The company, with its leading technological and product advantages, has a large product matrix, has a multi-dimensional and complete base-structure product line, offers one-stop generic and industry solutions, extends to computational eco-business, product coverage.
Universal, high-end computers, liquid cold room hardware equipment, distributed storage products, network security products, big data platforms, cloud computing platforms, investing in high-quality assets such as sealight information, Chinese satellite maps, Chinese science tri-cleansing, Chinese Chinese Chinese Tianxing, dawn count, etc., to build a whole industry chain layout of "chip-end-wine-counting"
The microchip, server hardware, Io storage in midstream cloud computing platforms, big data platforms, arithmetic service platforms, and downstream cloud service providers. In our view, in the context of the Sino-American technological war, the company and its affiliated companies are the few manufacturers in the country that can provide chips plus whole machines and full-basket ownership programmes, and are national producers.
In May, the company issued an announcement that Sealight information was intended to absorb the convergence of China and China through the exchange of shares.
Light, this absorption merger will optimize the industrial layout of the system, from chips to software, whole machines, and build a "chips plus servers plus cloud computing" of the entire industry chain, leading to the full realization of the leading business leadership and the realization of the chains of industrial strength, replenishment and extension; and the creation of scale effects and increased corporate profits;
In addition, the company began laying liquid colds in 2011 with core technologies such as cooling fluids, leachate colds, phase-out liquids colds, and the future with rapid increases in the power density of random cabinets, and the prospect of a surge in liquid cooling operations to provide company performance.
Investment proposals: the company is leading the industry chain of national production numeracy, its business structure continues to be optimized, the profitability of the main business is enhanced, sea light information planning and exchange units are absorbed into the integration of national production numeracy carrier-class enterprises, the pantry “core-end-wine-counting” integrated ecology, and the forward-looking industry is the second largest player in the liquid cold industry.
I am committed to producing this report independently, objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
This report is made available to its clients by China’s Galaxy Securities Co. Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as Galaxy securities). Galaxy securities need not be treated as customers by recipients as recipients of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the Galaxy securities at the date of their initial publication, which may be issued elsewhere than in the present report.