National nuclear power taps, long-term growth, pottery mills, national nuclear power pipelines, have the advantage of group integration to empower companies. The company is under the umbrella of the China-wide Nuclear Group.
The only nuclear power generation platform is the largest player in China’s nuclear power industry, with a strong industry leader. By the end of 2023, the company managed a nuclear power plant with a capacity of 30.57gw, or 53.85% of the country’s total nuclear power supply; of this, a controlled subsidiary installed a capacity of 23.85gw, which accounts for the company’s management of the unit.
78.04% of the amount. The MNSG operations cover the nuclear power industry chain up and down, and the synergies are clear. Among them, Liang Yunan, which is located upstream mainly in uranium mining and refining, has signed a total long-term nuclear fuel component with the MUT industry.
Package supply contracts to ensure a stable price and supply of nuclear fuel; midstreams mainly include nuclear power plant works, fully funded subsidiaries can provide engineering integration services and achieve mitigation efficiency gains; downstreams mainly include nuclear power plant operations, in which fleet units in Huezhou, Gangnam, will inject aircraft into the company. Group construction re-injection models, benefits, etc.
At the end of the year, the company had 11 projects under construction, with a total load of 13.24gw, or 43% of the aircraft on board, and would be shipped over the period of 1455 and 15. The company’s site was well stocked to meet the current approved rhythm.
The price of electricity for nuclear power programs is generally lower than the base price for coal-fired poles in the provinces, and the company’s average price for Internet access (excluding taxes) has been raised from 0.358 kWh to 0.376 kWh. Most of the company’s fleet is located in provinces with tight electricity supply, including Guangdong and Guangxi, and the cost of electricity for nuclear programs is higher.
Since the beginning of the 14th century, nuclear power policy has shifted to a positive, relatively deep 300-percent pattern.
In 2030, in 2035, our nuclear power plant will reach 70gw, 110gw, 150gw, and the construction of nuclear power is expected to proceed at 8-10 units per year. According to China’s nuclear industry data, our initial survey of the selected nuclear power plant site capacity will support the size of the 400gw plant, as measured by the current loader 57gw.
Since 2016, as a result of repeated policies for the development of nuclear power, and the combined effect of a high level of stability in the performance of hydropower and a steady increase in the proportion of dividends, the power supply has increased.
To date, the pettm value has been only 14.6 times lower than that of the hydropower plate. The power mix is stable and growing, and we believe that its level is expected to converge towards water, power, and space for restoration. In terms of stability, nuclear power is not subject to environmental factors, and hours are used.
The number is much higher than that of other power sources, and the profitability is stable, with a strong defensive character; in terms of growth, nuclear power storage sites are abundant, and the potential for forward-loading growth is much higher than hydropower.
(i) The only nuclear power generation platform of the China Nuclear Group, with over 50 per cent of the city ' s share of nuclear power generation, is the national nuclear power operator.
The company is the only nuclear power platform under the auspices of the China-wide nuclear group, co-sponsored by the China-wide nuclear group, the Guangdong Heung Jian and the Chinese nuclear group. The Chinese-wide nuclear power industry chain is complete, the company fully integrates the group’s assets, integrates the design, construction, and operation of nuclear power, and has a cost-control and synergy advantage.
At the end of 2023, the company managed a nuclear power plant with a capacity of 30.57gw, or 53.85 per cent of the country ' s total installed nuclear power plant; the controlled subsidiary had a capacity of 23.85gw, or 78.04 per cent of the company ' s managed capacity. In the last three quarters of 2023, the company managed a total of 16,977 million kilowatt hours of electricity generated by the nuclear power plant.
It accounts for 51 per cent of the country ' s total power generation in nuclear transport units; of this total, the controlled subsidiary generated 13,552 million kilowatt hours (kWh), or 78.1 per cent of the company ' s managed power generation in transport units.
The approval of the company’s project is progressing well, with the approval of the company’s nuclear power unit 13.24gw. The approval of the company’s project is progressing well, with the approval of four units this year, of which units 5 and 6 in Ningde were approved on 31 July and units 3 and 4 in Huezhou, which were entrusted with management on 29 December. By the end of 2023, the company was building 11 nuclear power units (including six units commissioned and managed by the controlling shareholders), with a total installation of 13.24gw.
It is expected to continue between 2024 and 2029.
In 2022, the company achieved $8,822.2 million, or +266 per cent, in return for a net return on its gross profit.
At the cost end, fixed-asset investment and nuclear fuel cost as a proportion of the cost are only 7311 hours, which is historically low; and in the future, as the country recovers from the economy, demand for electricity increases and the level of corporate overhauls increases, companies will use the increase in the number of hours to contribute to the reduction of corporate unit costs and to the overall profitability of the company.
The lower interest rate has led to lower corporate financing costs. In recent years, currency easing has led to lower interest rates, for example, in the case of lpr, which dropped from 4.25 per cent in August 2019 to 3.45 per cent in one year, and from 4.85 per cent in August 2019, slightly higher than 37 per cent in the case of Chinese nuclear power, which is significantly lower than 74 per cent in the case of Yangtze and 52 per cent in the case of Chinese electricity; and in the case of Chinese electricity, which is currently collected.
In the long run, the company’s cash-recovery capacity will increase further as the installed aircraft continue to move. The Division’s share-rate rate is expected to converge towards the power and power of the Yangtze River. 3. Cash flow is excellent, and the asset-liability ratio continues to decline.
The cash flow continues to be excellent, with a steady income ratio of about 110%. Nuclear power operations are heavy asset industries, with high capital inputs, depreciation, amortization of more than 30% of operating costs, while the revenue end-of-the-grid settlement is highly determined and has little risk of bad debts.
0.45, Given the high degree of certainty about nuclear power operations and revenues, the risk of corporate debt is relatively small. Figure 18: Corporate asset-liability ratios for the years, II. Nuclear power industry: policy shift to positive, long-term growth space
In view of the country's high priority for nuclear safety and environmental protection, the Government regulates the entry of investors into the market through approval, licensing, licensing, etc.
The National Nuclear Safety Authority reviews and supervises safety at all stages of the site selection, construction, initial loading, operation and decommissioning of nuclear power plants, issues the corresponding licence or approval documents and carries out stationary supervision; the Ministry of Eco-Environment reviews environmental impact reports, etc., and conducts supervisory monitoring of the radiation environment in which nuclear power plants are carried out.
Approval. After the nuclear leak in Fukushima, Japan, in 2011, the rate of approval of domestic nuclear power slowed or even suspended. Since 2019, nuclear power approval has been restarted and accelerated with three generations of nuclear power projects, reaching 10 in 2022-2023. In the Government Report of March 2021, it was stated that “active and orderly development of nuclear power should be ensured security”, the first time in almost 10 years that “active” was used to power nuclear power.
In the broader context of carbon neutrality, our commitment to a 25 per cent share of non-fossil energy consumption by 2030 is expected to usher in a new development policy opportunity. 110gw. The report of the Government on its work in March 2021 states that “the active and orderly development of nuclear power, while ensuring security”, is near.
For the first time in 10 years, “positive” has been used to formulate a policy for nuclear power. In the context of “carbon neutralization”, our country has made a commitment to a 25% share of non-chemical fossil energy consumption in 2030, and nuclear power is expected to usher in a new development policy opportunity. The 14th Five-Year Plan for a Modern Energy System states that nuclear power will reach 70gw in 2025; and the China Nuclear Energy Industry Association has launched a study on nuclear power development in China under the double carbon target.
China predicts that in 2030 and 2035, China will have a capacity of 110gw and 150gw, respectively. On this basis, nuclear power construction is expected to progress steadily according to 8 to 10 units per year.
To date, the country has operated 55 nuclear power units (excluding the Taiwan region) with a installed capacity of 56.99gw. In January-September 2023, the cumulative amount of electricity generated by nuclear power units nationwide was 32,27292 million kW, an increase of 6.29 per cent over the same period in 2022, and the cumulative amount of electricity connected to the Internet was 30,274 kWh, an increase of 6.41 per cent over the same period in 2022.
The market for nuclear power operations is concentrated, with a fleet of 27, 25, 2, 1 and 30.56gw, 23.71gw, 2.51gw, 0.21gw, and a combined ratio of nuclear and nuclear power to nuclear capacity (ii) the efficiency and cleanness of nuclear power.
Of these, utilities use 2704 hours, 3677 hours of fire, 1816 hours of wind, 1120 hours of solar power and 6357 hours of nuclear power. Over the past 10 years, nuclear power has been used more than 7,000 hours a year, far more than electricity, electricity, electricity, wind, etc... Nuclear fuel energy density is high and stored easily, and a million kilowatt-class nuclear power plant needs to be eliminated every year.
Nuclear power is a clean energy source that effectively reduces carbon emissions. The nuclear power generation process does not generate greenhouse gas emissions, and a million kilowatt-class nuclear unit generates nearly 8 billion degrees of electricity a year, reducing carbon dioxide emissions by 6.4 million tons compared to the same class of coal-fired units.
Compared with the full life cycle carbon emission intensity of different power source varieties, the carbon emission intensity of nuclear power generation is lower than that of hydropower and new energy sources, while nuclear power generation does not produce other atmospheric pollutants such as sulphur dioxide and nitrogen oxides, and the advantage of clean low-carbons is evident. (iii) Nuclear power mix is stable and growing.
Nuclear power does not need to eat from the sky in comparison with other clean energy sources, and is not subject to weather factors such as water, wind, light, etc., and is a stable base charge source. In terms of operating costs, although nuclear power depends on nuclear combustion, nuclear power has to rely on nuclear combustion.
As a result, the profitability of nuclear power projects has been stable after their operation, and in recent years the Māori rate of China’s nuclear power and its wide nuclear power operations has been around 40-50%. In terms of future nuclear power projects’ profitability, the properties of nuclear power assets are similar to those of hydropower, the depreciation is far below the useful life, and the depreciation has been completed.
Capacity is expected to increase further on the basis of remaining robust. With new projects being launched, power generation is growing robustly, and China’s nuclear power and China’s nuclear divide is growing year by year.
2. Long-term growth of nuclear power, opening up a second-growth space for new energy sources.
Near the end, the next phase will focus on the development of large hydropowers such as the lower Yaru Tibetanbang, the upper Kinsha River and the upper Yellow River, which will develop a capacity of 542 gw and a future capacity of < 50%; by contrast, nuclear power is less constrained by the site, which, according to Chinese nuclear industry data, will support the installation size of the future 400gw.
In 2035, the target of the 150gw nuclear power plant was estimated to be >600% in the future, as measured by the current 57gw nuclear power plant. The Chinese nuclear and Chinese nuclear groups relied on nuclear power to develop new sources of energy and open up second-growth space.
In 2025, the nuclear group will have reached 30gw and 40gw, respectively; between 2022 and 2025, the Chinese nuclear group, the Chinese nuclear group, the Chinese nuclear group, and the Chinese nuclear group will have become the mainstream of three generations of new energy, and four generations of technology will have made a breakthrough. Nuclear power technology has been developed from the first generation to the fourth generation, and even the fifth generation has been proposed.
Four generations of nuclear power. The first generation is an experimental nuclear power plant, primarily to test the feasibility of its nuclear power for engineering implementation through pilot demonstration forms, and is now largely decommissioned; the second generation of nuclear power technology, with standardized, serialized, batched and quantified features, has improved safety and economics, but its capacity to respond to serious accidents remains weak; the third generation of nuclear power technology is mainstream, is more secure, has shorter construction cycles, and has a shorter life cycle.
The extension of the mandate, which is currently being built in three generations, is gradually phasing out the formation of the second generation plus; the fourth generation is still in the development phase, with the introduction of a nuclear energy system to address the economic, safety, sustainability, waste disposal and prevention of nuclear proliferation in or around 2030; and the fifth generation nuclear energy system is a concept of a “nuclear energy co-network”, characterized by three main features: systematic, flexible and multi-functional.
Three generation reactors are in the mainstream. We are currently building more than 20 generation nuclear power units, with multiple bases and units in the process of being built at the same time.
According to reports, the Hualong I involves more than 5300 equipment suppliers, distributed throughout the country, with a total of more than 60,000 units, all of which are home-grown and have a national production rate of more than 88%. A large number of nuclear equipment and parts production companies have grown rapidly with the Hualong I, and our nuclear power construction team has acquired full technological and construction experience in building three generation nuclear power plants on its own.
Three generations of economics and safety are significantly better than two generations. In economics, three generations of debris are worth more than two generations in order to meet the requirements of higher safety markers and 60 years of design life, but when combined with their useful life and major repairs, their annual fixed operating costs are significantly better than those of two generations of reactors. For example, we measure the average annual depreciation cost of three generations of 200-267 yuan/year* kilowatts, which is significantly lower than the average annual depreciation cost.
The price and operating costs of nuclear power are still falling. With regard to safety, the probability of reactor core damage is 10 *10-4 * years, the probability of large amounts of radioactive release is < 10 * 10 ~ 5 * years, with only two generations of both indicators, through measures such as further system optimization, higher rates of domestic production of equipment, shorter working periods, improved operation maintenance and enhanced management.
The first generation of nuclear power plants was brought into operation, with four generations of technology leading the world. The main development objectives of the fourth generation of nuclear power plants were nuclear-energy sustainable development, namely, the provision of sustainable energy through the efficient use of nuclear fuel and the minimization of nuclear waste; improved safety and reliability, a significant reduction in the probability of core damage, and the ability to quickly restore reactor operations; and the cancellation of the site of the plant.
According to the Chinese nuclear power network, on 6 December 2023, the demonstration project on high-temperature gas in the Bay of Hua-Eli-Study nuclear power plant was launched commercially as the world’s first nuclear power plant to commercialize modularized technology for nuclear power generation IV. The project is the world’s first modular high-temperature-gas cooling reactor.
In the case of equipment, the national production rate is 93.4 per cent.
On 29 December 2023, the controlling shareholders entrusted the company with the management of the fleets Huezhou 3 and 4, the company managed a total of 11 approved and under construction nuclear power units with a total load of 13.24gw. Of these, two were in the commissioning phase, three were in the installation phase, two were in the civil construction phase and four were in the fcd preparation phase.
Each year, new loaders are put into production, and the total postnatal load of existing projects will reach 43.8gw, a 43% increase in space. According to the company announcement, the company’s site is well stocked to meet the current approved rhythm and seize the opportunities for nuclear power industry development. (ii) Marketized transactions are expected to boost the price of nuclear power.
Most of the company’s fleet is located in high-priced provinces, such as Guangdong, with low prices for nuclear power programmes. Nuclear power prices are divided into planned and market power, with planned electricity policies based mainly on the 2013 National Development and Reform Commission Circular on Issues Relating to the Improvement of Nuclear Power Access Prices.
The group base price and the lower of 0.43/kWh determine the planned electricity price (technology introduction, autonomous innovation, major specialized equipment domestication, etc.), which can be properly floated. Most of the company’s fleet is located in Guangdong, where electricity generation is about 57%, the unit’s average planned electricity price is higher than marketized transactions, and the company’s average cost of access to the Internet is expected to rise steadily. As the electricity market reform progresses, the company’s share of electricity in the market is expected to rise.
The share of companies involved in market-based transactions increased from 33 per cent to 55 per cent in the first half of 2018; during the same period, average electricity prices (not located in provinces with tight electricity supply and demand, such as Guangdong and Guangxi, with nuclear power programmes costing less than market-based electricity), thus promoting market-based integration of companies with (iii) an advantage in corporate empowerment
Group operations cover the entire industrial chain of nuclear power, with the advantage of integration as a company's empowerment. The SNSG operations cover the upstream and downstream of the industry chain of nuclear power, where synergies are evident.
Long-term stability; medium- and long-term stability; mainly nuclear power plant engineering, the company ' s wholly-owned subsidiary (Middle and Guang Nuclear Engineering Limited) is able to provide integrated services such as cluster project management, engineering design, engineering procurement, construction management, commissioning start-up, inter alia, through integrated management of the construction and operation of nuclear power plants; and downstream mainly includes nuclear power plant operations, in which the crews of Huezhou and Yangnan, affiliated to the group, inject the selected aircraft into the company.
The company’s nuclear fuel supply is stable and price fluctuations are low. The company’s subsidiary has entered into a contract with China-wide Uranium Industry Development Company Ltd. for the supply of long-term combustion packages with a fixed + floating portfolio price mechanism that effectively protects against market price fluctuations. In recent years, international uranium prices have risen from $23.37/Pound in early 2018 to $62.29/Pound in late 2023, an increase of 166 per cent; during the same period, the company’s electricity supply has increased by up to 166 per cent.
The combination of contracts and mine ownership, spread across different countries and regions around the world, can guarantee a stable supply of nuclear fuel.
Huezhou and Nannan have adopted a group-building re-infusion model, which significantly reduces the spending pressure on the public platform. The group-injection model offers two main advantages, one of which is that the listed platform does not bear capital-infusion pressure, free cash flows are significantly better than self-building, that the group’s assets can be acquired with a one-time ps increase, and that the acquisition interval can be maintained at a higher percentage of dividends, while at the same time it is achieved through debt repayment and other capital operations.
Net profit increases; the second is the group ownership of the project during the construction period, with risks such as delays in construction, budget overruns, changes in the price of electricity policies, etc. Outside of the listed company, injections can be made with a more predictable increase in the performance of the listed company through a buy-off counter-arrangement. In recent years, the company has acquired assets such as Taiwan nuclear power, anti-city nuclear power, land-rich nuclear power, etc. from the group; and, according to the group's commitment, Huixiang, Gangnam nuclear power will be built five years after the start of construction.
Inner, injection of nuclear power assets into the company when the project meets the conditions for injection.iv. Profit prediction versus valuation analysis (ii) Relative valuation: growth and certainty of nuclear power and appliances, valuation space for restoration
Since 2016, as a result of repeated developments in nuclear power development and the co-benefits of a high level of stability in water and electricity performance and a continuous increase in the proportion of dividends, the hydropower plate has valued anti-supernuclear power. To date, the value of the nuclear plate (pettm) has been only 14.6 times lower than that of the hydropower plate, 21.5 times higher.
On the stability side, nuclear power is not influenced by environmental factors, uses a much higher number of hours than other power sources, has a stable profitability and has a stronger defensive attributes; on the growth side, nuclear power storage plants are rich, and the potential for forward-loading growth is much higher than hydropower. The company’s valuation is almost equal to China’s nuclear power, and has a clear advantage over the hydroelectric power of Yangtzejiang, Huatuan, taking into account the 14th century.
The nuclear power policy has been positive for the past five years, with subsequent approvals expected to accelerate, and the potential for forward growth of nuclear power is higher than hydropower, and we think the company estimates figure 37: the company pb trends are not moving ahead with the expected risks, the risk of lower electricity prices, the risk of higher raw material costs, etc.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete the investment in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, and first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager.
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to clients for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, but do not represent a sale, subscription or other financial instrument, but do not guarantee its accuracy or integrity.