The company is the only platform for nuclear power generation under the umbrella of the China-wide Nuclear Group, in \triangleright.
Liu Xiaoning, at the beginning of the market, the group committed itself to “reserving business owned by the group in China, no later than five years after the start of the nuclear power project, in the amount of $1350523120003
By the end of 2023, the company had managed 27 nuclear power units in operation, with a capacity of 30,57 million kW, and seven nuclear power units in construction (including 4 controlled shares) with a capacity of 8,41,000 kW in total, with a capacity of 3,898,000 kW in total.
Liu Xiaoning's nuclear steps are normal, and the company is starting a new round of growth. In January 2023, Unit 1 went back to the remodelling phase and research experiments, which led to a pessimistic market view of company profitability and growth, and the official reboot of Unit 1 at the end of November 2023 meant that the pyr technology was done well.
In the light of the associated experiments and tests, it is expected that the aircraft will return to normal in the future and that the company will start a new round of growth. The nuclear power plant will continue to grow steadily.
On the other hand, the company's management approved the construction of four aircraft units, Ninder 3, 4 and Huezhou 3, 4, which are expected to start working in the next two years and continue in 2029-2030. This means that by 2030, the company will have one or two nuclear power units each year.
Focusing on the three generation nuclear power generation, the profits of the Hualong 1 unit are expected to increase. The company’s second generation nuclear power is more profitable, especially in the Gulf of Greater Asia, where the price of nuclear power supply is higher, the depreciation is raised, and the unit is more than $1.6 billion/gw.
In technical terms, three generations of nuclear power that will be installed in the future will be dominated by the Hualong I, currently costing $16,000-17,000/dry wilaya, depreciated over 35 years, with future design optimization, design consolidation, construction-cycle empirical feedback on shorter nuclear construction periods, and scale-up of some large equipment, which is expected to continue to decline.
The profits of the installed aircraft are expected to increase, and the distribution plan, without major changes and the approval of the respective annual shareholders meeting, is to achieve a two-year growth rate of 44.09 per cent in 2020 (42.25 per cent), with a stable overall cash flow of the company, which will support future capital spending and dividends, and is expected to support the future.
China's nuclear power industry contributes mainly, so we've selected China's nuclear power, Yangjiang power, and Hua-Eli hydropower as comparable companies. The company values the water level lower than the comparable company, and for the first time covers a “buy-in” rating. The company is the only platform for nuclear power generation under the umbrella of the China-wide Nuclear Group, with 3057 million kW in the pipeline.
A group of seven, which approved the construction of four nuclear power units to be built (including nuclear power units commissioned and managed by the controlling shareholders), did in 2030 value China's nuclear power, Yangjiang power, and Hua Euan hydropower as comparable companies, with a valuation level below comparable public authorities, covering the first time for a “buy-in” rating.
1. Launched mid-2024, Port 4 of the Sanctuary, with a price on the Internet of 0.4063 (including taxes) for coal-fired poles.
And growth expectations are pessimistic, with the official reboot of the first crew at the end of November 2023, which means that the pyr technology has been successfully completed, the tests and tests are expected to return to normal operation in the future, so that the factors that stifle the company’s profitability and share prices are eliminated, and the company will be on a new round of growth. At present, the company has seven nuclear power units under construction, with four (including four) to be built.
The nuclear power units commissioned by the controlling shareholders are expected to guarantee a steady growth of the company’s nuclear power plant in 2024-2030. The production of the additional nuclear power plant in the public company is not as fast as expected; the repair time has exceeded expectations.
China’s Guang Nuclear Group Limited is China’s largest nuclear power company and the world’s third largest nuclear power company. The company is the only platform for nuclear power generation under China’s nuclear group.
Within five years of the start of the power project, nuclear power assets were injected into the public company after the project had met the conditions for injection”, and the company was clearly identified as the only platform for the eventual integration of the nuclear power generation operations of the China-wide nuclear group. By the end of 2023, the company had managed 27 nuclear power units with a capacity of 3056.8 kilowatts (kW) and was in the process of building nuclear power.
The company currently has eight nuclear power bases, mainly located in Guangdong, Guangxi, Fujian and Liaoning. 1) Guangdong Daaya Bay nuclear power base: two nuclear power units have been fully operational. 2) Guangdong Aoi Qing nuclear power base: four nuclear power stations
(c) Guangdong Yangjiang nuclear power base: 6 nuclear power units are planned and all are operational; (d) Guang Taishan nuclear power base: 6 nuclear power units are planned, and units 1 and 2 are in production. (e) Guangdong nuclear power base: total delivery year. (f) Guangxi nuclear power base: 6 nuclear power units are planned, 1-3 is in production, 4 is in construction.
In the first half of 2024, the Fuzhiningd nuclear power base: planning for six nuclear power units, unit 1-4, completed, and new unit 5-6 approved in 2023. 8) Liaoning red along the river nuclear power base: six nuclear power units, fully operational.
Numerous visits to the state of overhaul/research, resulting in significant losses of nuclear power in Taiwan, commercial transport in Taiwan Unit 1 at the end of 2018, the first major remodelling operation started on 29 June 2020, repairs were completed by the end of the third quarter of 2020, nuclear combustion broke down in June 2021, pre-repair repairs were suspended in July, restarted in August 2022, and major remodelling and research resumed in January 2023
The experiment, which was relaunched at the end of November 2023 and was affected by the suspension and overhaul mentioned above, achieved a net profit of $2130 million in 2022 from the nuclear power plant in Taiwan, severely delaying the overall profitability of the company, and is expected to return to normal operation in the future.
The approval of nuclear power has accelerated throughout the country, with companies and Hiroshima gaining two nuclear power units in 2023. After the Fukushima nuclear accident, our approval of nuclear power has been suspended for a long time, and it was not resumed until the end of 2018.
Of the 10 nuclear power units approved in 2023, 2 belong to the China-wide nuclear group and 2 to China-wide. The company is currently in the process of building 7 nuclear power units, and has approved 4 units to be built (including nuclear power units entrusted to it by the controlling shareholders), which are expected to grow steadily in 2024-2030.
The electricity construction cycle will take 60 months to consider, and the company is expected to start production at the following pace in the coming years: 1 in 2024 (port 4 of the city), 1 in 2025 (port 1 of Huezhou) and 2 in 2026 (number 2 of Huezhou). The company manages four units to be built, Ninder 3, 4 of Huezhou, and this is expected to be the case.
Focusing on the three generation of nuclear power, the profits of the Hualong 1 unit are expected to continue to rise. The company’s second generation of nuclear power is more profitable, especially in the Gulf of Greater Asia, where the price of nuclear power supply is higher, the depreciation has been raised, and the unit is more than $1.6 billion/gw.
The market is generally concerned about the profitability of three generations of nuclear power, as Taiwan's nuclear power was put into continuous repair in 2018. Technically, the three generations of nuclear power that will be installed in the future will be dominated by the Hualong I, currently costing $16,000 to $16,000 to 17,000 in dry tiles, depreciated for 35 years, and the construction period will be reversed as the design is optimized and the design solidified.
The company has committed itself to a 14-fifth-cent-rate increase, suggesting that attention should be paid to the value of the company’s dividends. According to the company’s announcement, the company has projected and valued its profits by 3.
Based on the ongoing construction of nuclear power and the new energy reserves, our core assumptions for the company are as follows: 1) Mid-2024, the launch of the Anti-City Port 4 and the cost of electricity on the Internet at 0.4063 (including taxes) for coal-fired poles.
Under the above scenario, without taking into account the infusion of assets, we expect the company to earn 19, 16, and 15 times the price of its business income in 2023-2025 respectively. The company’s profits are mainly contributed by nuclear power, so we have selected China’s nuclear power, Yangjiang power, Hua-e-Wu, as a comparable company for valuation purposes, which is below the level of comparable companies, covering the first time.
1) The company’s new nuclear power loader is not operating as fast as expected. The current three-generation nuclear power construction cycle is about 60 months, but it may also be due in part to the delay in the construction. 2) The time of the machine’s inspection is over-expected.
This report is presented in an independent and objective manner, and no part of my remuneration is, or will be, linked directly or indirectly to the specific investment opinion or opinion in this report.