The company’s main business is to build, operate and manage nuclear power plants and sell electricity generated by such nuclear power plants. As of December 2023, the company managed the transport.
The battalion's fleet is 27, with a capacity of 30.57gw, accounting for 53.59% of the aircraft assembly capacity in mainland China; 11 units have been approved and are being built, with a capacity of 13.25gw. Under the low-carbon energy transition, nuclear power is growing in large space. The nuclear power chain is the most carbon-emitting part of the life cycle.
One of the small power generation technologies, which can be used as a base charge for the power system, has the potential to replace fire power on a large scale.
The share of nuclear power in the power system is expected to increase further, with nuclear power expected to remain stable and on the rise for many years by 2035, and power generation is expected to grow steadily as nuclear power approvals normalize. In the long run, market prices are expected to continue to rise, and the market exchange ratio for nuclear power is expected to continue to rise.
Examples are expected to increase, and the price of electricity is elastic. In terms of cost composition, the highest fixed cost after the nuclear power project has entered a smoother transport period is mainly influenced by the cost of the project and the cost of financing, and the current cost of the Chinese Dragon 1 unit is $16,000/kw, and the net profit of measuring electricity is about 0.088, with borrowing.
The price of electricity will be reduced to $15,000/kw, and the net profit of electricity will be raised to 0.095. Performance growth suppression will be eliminated and production will be stabilized.
The company’s performance has grown, with the 1 # plant reconnected to power generation on November 27, 2023, and the company’s nuclear power operation returning to robustness. In 2026, the company is expected to enter a steady phase of production of two new nuclear power units per year. With the approval of 6-8 units per year in our country, the company will be added annually.
It is expected that the fleet to be built and approved will remain at 2-4 levels.
Some $6.3 billion in revenue has been generated from the five-year policy of air fleet non-charge of spent fuel disposal and tax “3 by 3” benefits, resulting in a net profit of about $2.4 billion. Profit forecasting and valuation: we expect a net return profit for the company for 2023-2025, respectively
One of the nuclear power companies, the country's largest nuclear power carrier, the main nuclear power industry, and the first nuclear power plant in the country, the China Guang Nuclear Power Company Ltd., were established on 25 March 2014 and the company's main business is construction and transportation.
The Shenzhen Stock Exchange has been listed as the country’s first nuclear power company to be listed in both a and h shares. The company is controlled by the State Council’s State Assets Control Board, and the controlling shareholders are limited public officials of the China Guang Nuclear Group.
At present, China’s Guang Nuclear Group Limited holds 58.91% of the company’s shares, Hong Kong’s Central Settlement Company holds 19.97% of the company’s shares, and the company actually controls the National Finance Committee. Listed companies under the group also include China’s nuclear technology, China’s new nuclear energy sources, and China’s nuclear mining industries.
In December of the year, the company managed and operated a fleet of 27 aircraft with a capacity of 30.57gw, which accounted for 53.59% of the capacity of the aircraft installed in mainland China; and approved and in the process of building 11 units with a capacity of 13.25gw.
The Nuclear Energy Sector Medium- and Long-Term Development Strategy and the 14th Five-Year Plan suggest that by 2035, a world-class nuclear power enterprise with global competitiveness will be established. The integrated competitiveness of the industry will be significantly enhanced, with nuclear power installed on more than 70 million kilowatts (kW) and will be the number one in the world on the scale of the build-up of the nuclear complex; and work will start every year during the 14th Five-Year Plan.
With the reboot and normalization of nuclear power approvals, the company is expected to approve two to four new Red River 6 units each year owing to factors such as an increase in the first year of commissioning in 2022 and a reduction in the amount of time required for major remodelling of the Taiwan nuclear power plant. It is expected that the generation of electricity will increase rapidly with the start-up of future units.
Recovering profitability, high operating cash flow, business earnings and net return earnings increased. $20233, the company achieved business income of $59.842 billion (+244 per cent). The increase in operating income was mainly due to an increase in electricity on the Internet of approximately $10.318 billion over the same period the previous year.
During the same period, the net profit of the company was $9.700 billion (+10.36%), and the increase in the net profit of the company over the same period was due to an increase in the same amount of electricity on the Internet and a slight recovery in the company’s profitability and relative stability in the nuclear power business. In recent years, the company’s Māori rate, net interest rate, roe
The decline is mainly due to the commissioning of no additional units in listed companies, the shutdown of the Taiwan crew, and the low and rising annual rates of Māori in the construction installation and design services. As the 3# fleet of anti-city ports invests, the annual revenue is 27%, but contributes only 0.7% of gross profits to the company’s overall Māori ratio.
Figure 8: China ' s wide nuclear Maori rate, net interest rate, roe rate, corporate cost rate and asset liability rate decreased. 20203, corporate sales cost rate, management cost rate (including R & D costs), financial cost rate 0.06%, 4.77%, 7.07%, respectively.
Use), sales cost increases of 0.22 per cent and 0.01 per cent, respectively, and financial cost decreases of 1.53 per cent, mainly due to debt repayments and loan interest rates, and lower corporate overall cost rates.
Figure 12: China’s liability rate for its nuclear assets. The operating net cash flow is strong and supports the construction of nuclear power projects. For the last five years, the net operating cash flow of companies has averaged RMB 31,089 billion, each exceeding RMB 30 billion.
In the old year, operating cash flows were far more than net profits, and in the last five years they remained more than three times the net profit of the parent. In 20233, Kim was a strong supporter of the company’s nuclear power plant maintenance and project construction, and guaranteed the ability to split.
A total of 27 units (including affiliated companies) were installed on 30.57gw; China ' s nuclear power unit was installed on 25.75gw. China ' s nuclear power supply fleet was installed on 23.75gw. China ' s nuclear construction and approval unit (including consortium and group hosting) was installed on 11 units, 13.25gw; and China ' s nuclear power supply unit was installed on 15.57gw.
At present, China's nuclear power development is dominated by three generation nuclear power generation, the Hualong I, which has been developed jointly by China's Nuclear Industry Group and China's Guangquan Group, and China's first nuclear power plant, Fuqing 5 and China's first nuclear power plant, Hong Kong, 3 are now in production. A total of 10 nuclear power units were approved throughout 2023, and China's Hiroshima and China's nuclear systems were approved.
There are four power stations, all four of which are "Wallong One." The crew approves normalisation, and the rate of return on nuclear power projects is expected to increase, and nuclear power can do much better under the "two carbon" goal.
Since the Secretary-General of Xi introduced the “two carbon” strategy, our country has officially entered an era of transition to green energy. New sources of energy, represented by wind power and light voltage, have become grid-connected on a large scale after economic problems have been solved, while traditional energy sources, fire, electricity, as the main source of energy for our base charge, are subject to natural conditions due to high carbon emissions and double carbon targets.
As a result, the share of new energy sources in the electricity system continues to rise, with the problem of weakening the stability of the electricity system. For some time, our energy transformation has faced the “impossible triangle” challenge of low-carbon cleanness, security stability, and low cost.
Nuclear power has the potential for large-scale substitution of fire power to become a grid-based charge source, which is unlikely to be triangulated. As the "double carbon" transition progresses, high-carbon-emissions on the one hand will gradually shift from conventional sources to regulatory safeguards on the other hand, coal power generation will decline, from stock logic to reduction logic on the other hand, and wind on the other hand.
The high proportion of new sources of light energy connected to the grid imposes a higher demand for regulated resources on the power system. When our hydropower development is near the upper limit, and gas power is limited to the disadvantage of natural gas resources, nuclear power is expected to provoke a burden on the power system’s base charge sources.
Nuclear power chains are one of the least greenhouse-gas-emitting power chains. Carbon emissions throughout the life cycle of nuclear power come mainly from the rear, from the manufacture of materials such as cement, carbon steel, and uranium mining during the construction of nuclear power plants.
According to (ipcc), after considering uranium mining and decommissioning management of nuclear power plants, nuclear power remains one of the least carbon-emitting power technologies throughout the life cycle, slightly higher than wind power.
Figure 17: Carbon equivalents (g/kwh) for the full life of different power technologies are stable and have the ability to peak. In 2023, our nuclear unit used 7661 hours, far higher than any other type of power plant.
According to China’s Hiroshima announcement, the company Qingao, Qingdong, Ningdé, Yangjiang, Santao, Taishan, Red River, etc. can be used to reduce or deactivate the power grid. Given the safety, speed, and depth of the power supply itself, the speed and depth of the power supply can be taken into account.
Degree limits, the nuclear power unit of a voltage reactor typically follows a daily load tracking mode of 12-3-6-3, i.e., a 12-h load full at the peak of the load, a 3-h linear load reduction when the load falls in the evening, a 6h running on a low-power platform (generally 50% full power) and a 3-h linear load to full power in the morning'.
The combined cost is relatively low and stable. According to China Nuclear Power Engineering Co. Ltd., the average cost of generating electricity from nuclear power is RMB 0.209/kwh2; the average cost of generating electricity from nuclear power is RMB 0.20/kwh, based on the actual performance of nuclear power in China and China. The cost of operating nuclear power is mainly derived from the cost of nuclear fuel, depreciation of fixed assets, accounting for spent fuel.
The cost of disposal gold and other transportation costs, of which the cost of nuclear fuel is mainly influenced by the price of uranium, the price of uranium on the international market is stable, and the price of uranium has risen significantly since the second half of 2023, as a result of the strong global momentum in nuclear power development, but China has signed a Nuclear Fuel Supply Association, and the cost of fuel is more affected by fluctuations in spot prices.
Small, the average depreciation period for nuclear power units is 25-30 years, and the design life is generally 40-60 years, with further longevity, and the profitability of nuclear power will be further enhanced when the depreciation is completed; spent fuel disposal funds have been put into commercial operation for five years in accordance with the Interim Measures for the Administration of Use of the Spent Fuel Disposal Fund for Nuclear Power Plants
Safety is rising. Japan’s Fukushima nuclear power plant accident has led to a worldwide review of its nuclear power development strategy, and the need for safety in the use of nuclear energy has been raised further, and nuclear power safety has become a primary issue in the use of nuclear energy.
The design of our 3-generation fleet, Hualong I, using a combination of energy and non-dynamic safety systems, includes auxiliary water systems and non-dynamic secondary residual heat-disposal systems, spraying systems and non-dynamic shell heat-export systems, dynamic and non-dynamic cavity-infused water systems, and non-dynamic and non-dynamic security systems.
The four-generation high-temperature-gas cooling reactor called the "non-smelting nuclear reactor", the Island Bay nuclear power station, relying on modular reactor design, high-temperature-resistant fully ceramic-covered particle spherical nuclear fuel elements and counter-reaction reactors, kept the reactor in a non-stop stream for online switching.
With any intervention, reactor cores will not melt, radioactive materials will not be released in large quantities.
A clean low-carbon, low integrated cost and stability of effort, taking advantage of long hours and the continuing trend towards double carbon policy, new energy sources that are difficult to meet electricity demand in the short term and cannot be fully replaced by fire power base charges Energy status, coupled with the growing maturity of nuclear power technology, safety and economic security, have determined that nuclear power will be available
The benefits from nuclear power projects are expected to grow in multiple dimensions. According to the nuclear power operating model, nuclear power projects are primarily profitable.
Depending on the installed capacity, the number of hours used, the price of electricity, the price of construction and depreciation, the non-taxed electricity price after deduction of 13 per cent value added tax is approximately 0.372 dollars, net of the assumption of 6.5 per cent of hour and plant power usage, annual straight-line depreciation of non-residual value, discounted electricity depreciation of approximately $0.091/kwh, based on 30 per cent capital ratio and 4 per cent loan.
The net profit on nuclear electricity, calculated at interest rate of approximately $0.064/kwh, assuming other costs and costs of $200/kw, yuan/kwh, after deduction of 25 per cent of income tax, is approximately $0.088/kwh, net interest rate of 23.6 per cent.
These factors vary, and may lead to a certain variation in net interest rates for nuclear power at different stages. Provisional measures for the administration of spent fuel disposal funds at power stations, National Tax Administration on the implementation of a state-focused public infrastructure. Sustained and steady growth in installed capacity and power generation, with elastic electricity prices
Millions of kilowatt-hours (kWh) represent 4.86% of the country’s cumulative electricity generation. As a result of the rapid growth in wind and power generation, the ratio of nuclear installed and generated power was 0.22 and 0.12 pct lower than in 2022, respectively, but with the acceleration and eventual stabilization of the production of nuclear power units following the approval of normal nuclear power, the capacity and generation of nuclear power will remain stable.
According to the Chinese Nuclear Energy Industry Association and other relevant projections, our nuclear power generation capacity is expected to be normalized by 2035, and the installed capacity will continue to grow steadily. During the period of the 13th Five-Year Plan, nuclear power was approved zero in 2016-2018, as a result of the Fukushima nuclear incident.
This was accelerated by the approval of 33 aircraft units in 2019-2023, of which 10 were approved in 2022 and 2023 respectively. The 14th Five-Year Plan for National Economic and Social Development of the People ' s Republic of China and the Vision 2035 outline set out to promote nuclear power along the coast in a safe and secure manner.
The Chinese Nuclear Energy Industry Association expects to maintain an approved start-up festival of 6-8 nuclear power units per year during the "145" period, 7 days before 2030, where we are expected to be the world's number one in terms of carrying nuclear power more than the United States by 2035.
Nuclear power generation reached 10 per cent of total power generation, a doubling of 8 per cent from 2022.Fig. 25: Nuclear power generation as a share of national electricity production.Fig. 26: Nuclear power plant approvals
The three-generation overhaul cycle is extended, and the use of hours is expected to remain high. The nuclear power unit needs regular reloading and overhauls, usually for 12 months; with the upgrading of nuclear power technology, the overhaul cycle has been extended, with a new generation of major repairs lasting about 18 months, and the extension of the overhaul cycle has been conducive to the development of nuclear power generation hours.
On the other hand, the Interim Measures to Secure the Safe Elimination of Nuclear Power introduced in February 2017, which introduced nuclear power preferences and prioritized the generation of nuclear power units; and the National Development and Reform Commission ' s Circular of June 2019 on the Programme for the Full Release of Operational Users of Power, in which the generation of nuclear power units was incorporated into a limited power generation programme, according to priorities.
While nuclear power is subject to grid control for downscaling or downscaling, and the Guangdong Province's policy of “favourable prices” has expired, nuclear power is expected to remain at a high level in the overall trend towards a green, low-carbon transition.
The price of nuclear power is generally lower than the price of nuclear power poles and coal-fired poles.
0.43 yuan/kWh; national prices for nuclear poles are higher than those for coal-fired units located in nuclear units; electricity prices (including devulcanization, denitrification) are higher in areas where new units are installed after delivery to implement local coal-fired unit signs; electricity prices are higher than those for coal-fired units located in nuclear units; electricity prices are lower than those for nuclear-fired units.
At the regional level, the prices of nuclear poles are being implemented, and the first or first nuclear unit or demonstration works are being carried out for the introduction of nuclear power technologies, autonomous innovation, and national production of major specialized equipment. The prices of nuclear poles on the Internet are being further liberalized and the market for electricity is continuing. On 11 October 2021, the Commission issued a proposal for the introduction of nuclear power technologies.
The Circular on Further Deepening the Market-based Reform of Electricity Prices for Coal-fired Power Generation, which expands the market for coal-fired electricity generation to no more than 20% of the price volatility, in principle, and does not impose a 20% upward limit on the price of electricity traded in the energy-intensive enterprise market. The spot price for electricity is not subject to the above range.
On 8 November 2023, the National Development and Reform Commission and the National Energy Agency issued a Circular on the Establishment of a Coal Power Power Price Mechanism, which determines the level of coal capacity in each province.
The average price was $465.62/mwh, a decrease of 15.9 per cent from 2023; the annual trade-weighted average transaction price in Jiangsu province declined in 2024, but the average transaction price was still higher than the price of nuclear power poles, and the expected volume price of electricity had a limited impact on the profitability of nuclear power.
In the long run, market-based electricity prices are expected to continue to rise. Based on the experience of foreign power reform and low-carbon transformation, low-carbonization is often accompanied by a rise in the overall power price hub, with market mechanisms achieving efficient deployment of additional costs on the side of power generation, on the side of the grid and on the side of the user.
We believe that the external costs of low-carbon transitions need to be passed through the market to end-users, thus determining the future trend of rising electricity prices. The share of marketed transactions is higher, and the price of electricity is elastic. The extent to which nuclear power is involved in market-based transactions is influenced by policy.
According to the Chinese annual report on nuclear power 2022, the total amount of nuclear power traded in 2022 was 74,515 million kilowatt-hours, representing an increase of 19.76 per cent, or 43.67 per cent, of total nuclear power on the Internet.
The same-year increase of 5.79 pct confirms the trend towards an increase in the share of nuclear power in market-based transactions. In 2023, the demand for electricity grew at a rate of 6.7 per cent on a year-on-year basis. On the other hand, the demand for base-load energy in the electricity system will continue to rise as wind and new energy sources continue to connect, and nuclear power is expected to join the market.
Prices and financing costs have a significant impact on the rate of return on nuclear power projects. In terms of cost composition, the fixed cost (capacity cost) of nuclear power projects once they have reached a steady operating period is about 68%, mainly including depreciation and amortization, maintenance, decommissioning.
Funds, financial costs; variable capital (power volume costs) accounting for 32 per cent, consisting mainly of fuel costs, materials and water costs and spent fuel reprocessing costs. The highest fixed costs are mainly influenced by the cost of project construction and financing.
Assuming that the cost of loading the three generation nuclear power units is approximately $16,000/kw, 30 per cent of capital, 4 per cent of loan interest rate and 20 years of principal interest repayment, electricity 0.42/kwh, using 7,500 hours, corresponding load factor of about 86 per cent, with no annual residual value, spent fuel disposal gold 0.026/kwh, starting from the sixth year of commercial transportation, and payroll and welfare fees
Based on the assumption of $100/kw; a single major repair rate of approximately 1.35 per cent of the price, a major renovation cycle of about 18 months and an annual overhaul rate of 1 per cent, we expect an internal rate of return of 19.72 per cent for three generation nuclear power projects, with net interest rates corresponding to operating years
Growth fluctuated, with free cash flows falling in step by factors such as value added tax (VAT), expiry of income tax preference policies, accounting for spent fuel dispositions, etc., with the financial position entering a smooth period after the completion of depreciation in year 26, with a corresponding net interest rate of 43 per cent. Figure 28: Changes in free cash flows for the three generation nuclear power unit operating cycle (m/kw years)
During the first year of the project, the value-added tax (VAT) was reduced by 75 per cent, with no spent fuel disposal, and the project was in a tax-free period, with a net interest rate of 33 per cent. As the years of operation increased, the balance of the debt decreased and interest expenditure decreased. In the fourth year, the net interest rate was reduced to 31 per cent, and in the sixth year, the value-added tax (VAT) was reduced to 70 per cent.
(b) In the seventh year, the end of the period of income tax benefits was reduced to 24 per cent; in the eleventh year, the value added tax was reduced to 55 per cent, and the net interest rate was reduced to 24 per cent; and in the sixteenth year, the value added tax was reduced to 21 per cent, and the net interest rate was reduced to the lowest level of the full operating cycle;
In the 21st year, debt service was completed, interest expenditure was zero and net interest rate was raised to 25%; in the 26th year, line depreciation was completed, net interest rate was raised to 43%, reaching the highest level in the full business cycle; thereafter, the project operational entry rate of return was more sensitive to the use of hours and electricity prices. On the basis of the above calculations, if electricity was available on the Internet,
The price increases of $0.01/kwh, and the internal rate of return on capital money increases by 1.4 pct to 21.1 per cent; the number of hours spent on nuclear power is expected to remain stable and increase further, if the overall trend towards a low-carbon energy transition, which will benefit from electricity growth in the short term, is taken up using the number of hours; and the price of electricity on the Internet is also elastic, as the marketisation of electricity moves forward.
Three generations of nuclear power technology, to meet higher safety standards, step up fuel efficiency, and adopt higher-performance equipment, materials, and systems design, with higher prices. The country’s first three generations of nuclear power units, three units (ap1000), have invested 26.8 million yuan per unit.
With the wide spread of the three-generation technologies, the price of the three-generation nuclear power plant has been significantly reduced through the optimization of design, the solidification of upstream equipment, the further nationalization of the core components and the reduction of the engineering period, and is now estimated at about $16,000/kw/kw/kw/kw/p1000. The future price of the Hualong 1 is expected to be about $20,000/kw.
It can eventually be reduced to 15,000 yuan/kw. On the basis of the original calculations, other conditions will remain unchanged, and if the price is reduced to 15,000 yuan/kw, the return on the capital of the project will reach 22.59%, an increase of 2.87 pct. The fleet is longer than the depreciation period and the net interest rate on nuclear power increases markedly after the depreciation has been completed.
In 2019 and 2020, the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission approved the first reactor licences for 80 years in Florida and Pennsylvania, and is currently working on the further extension of nuclear power to achieve 100-year nuclear power.
Since the lifetime of the aircraft is significantly longer than the age of depreciation, the loss of depreciation costs for nuclear power projects will lead to a significant increase in net interest rates. The recent rise in uranium prices has been strong, and the Association has guaranteed the supply of fuel.
Low enriched uranium (LEU) of 3% of uranium, and the cost of our nuclear electrolytic fuel is about $0.045-0.048/kwh. Since the Fukushima nuclear event, nuclear power has slowed down worldwide, uranium demand has been relatively relaxed, international market prices have fallen to a certain degree and have remained relatively stable for many years.
There is a strong momentum, with some pressure on the supply and storage of uranium fuel, and a marked increase in the market price of uranium. The current industry provides natural uranium development and import services.
Long-term agreements are also concluded with the China Nuclear Group ' s fuel and assembly processing enterprises, the amount of fuel purchased is locked and the non-charge of spent fuel disposal funds for the first five years is beneficial for the nuclear power upfront and maintains a higher cash flow. According to the Interim Measures for the Administration of Spent Fuel Disposal Funds at Nuclear Power Stations, the spent fuel disposal funds are based on nuclear power.
The plant has been put into commercial operation for more than five years to collect the actual online sales of electricity from the nuclear power plant at a rate of $0.026/kWh. Tax discounts and non-charge of spent fuel disposal for the first five years of the nuclear power project are key to sustaining cash flow in the lead-up to the nuclear power project.
In accordance with the State Council ' s Circular on the Adjustment and Improvement of the Capital Regime for Capital Projects with Fixed Assets (NDIP) (No. [2015]51), the minimum capital ratio for electricity projects remains unchanged at 20%. The share of initial investment in nuclear power projects is 70-80% of total investment, and the interest costs associated with the size of the high debt significantly reduce the accounting profits of the projects.
In response to the slow return of pre-project cash flows, combined with debt-service payments, which severely constrained the rate of return on the project and the enterprise, we have made separate arrangements for the payment of value-added tax on nuclear power projects: a percentage of the total amount of electricity sold by the enterprise as a whole per year, multiplied by the amount of value-added tax paid by the nuclear power enterprise, and a percentage of value-added tax refunds.
At the 13% value added tax rate, the VAT refunds will result in an accounting profit of about 9.75% and an equivalent gain in cash flow in the first five years of the project. At the same time, nuclear power projects will not be collected for spent fuel disposal in the first five years, and nuclear power projects will also benefit from renewable energy generation.”
The policy of income tax waiver by three-half” and the policy of exemption from municipal construction taxes and education fees for some of our nuclear power units have greatly eased the tight cash flow and low accounting profits in the early stages of the project. The world's nuclear power recovery has been strong and nuclear power technology has been iterative, and our nuclear power development is still in place.
Since the Fukushima nuclear accident, countries around the world have become more cautious about the use of nuclear energy, many have delayed or even suspended their own nuclear power development, and in April 2023, Germany's last three nuclear power plants were separated from the grid, and Germany officially “good-bye” nuclear power.
In the face of the energy crisis in Europe, France, the United Kingdom, etc., re-examine the role of nuclear power and re-launch nuclear power: France announced a new nuclear power strategy that would create six new nuclear reactors, while initiating a three-fold increase in nuclear power capacity to provide 25 per cent for the United Kingdom a year; Finland ' s 01kiluto3 has been delayed for 14 years.
The nuclear power plant is operational. In addition to Europe, South Korea has changed its previous policy of abandoning nuclear power by reintroducing nuclear power into the main energy source list, with plans to increase the share of nuclear power in the power structure to 33 per cent by 2030; Japan is actively promoting the reactivation of domestic nuclear power plants, with plans to increase the share of nuclear energy in the power structure to 22 per cent.
Twenty-two countries co-sign the three-fold nuclear power scheme, which plays an important role in achieving carbon neutrality. International agencies such as the OECD Nuclear Energy Agency, the World Nuclear Association, and the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) have predicted that by 2050, the world will need to increase the number of nuclear power plants in order to achieve a temperature rise of 1.5 degrees or to achieve carbon neutrality in the same year.
On 2 December, at the twenty-eighth Conference of the Parties to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (cop 28), a number of countries called for a three-fold increase in world nuclear power capacity to 2020 levels by 2050 to help the world achieve a net zero emissions target. The United States, Japan, and several European countries indicated that nuclear energy was achieving carbon.
To date, 22 countries, namely, the United States, Bulgaria, Canada, the Czech Republic, Finland, France, Ghana, Hungary, Japan, the Republic of Korea, Moldova, Mongolia, Morocco, the Netherlands, Poland, Romania, Slovakia, Slovenia, Switzerland, the United States of America and the United States of America have acceded to the Declaration.
According to the International Energy Agency, France has the highest global share of nuclear power, with nuclear power generating nearly 70%; it is still Europe.
The largest net exporter of electricity in the continent, including Germany, Italy, and others. The United States is currently the world’s largest nuclear power country, with about 19% of nuclear power generation, but its new nuclear power projects are moving slowly, and its machinery is ageing and decommissioned.
Nuclear power currently accounts for less than 5% of the electricity system and is still at a lower level. A high proportion of nuclear power grid-connected abroad has demonstrated the feasibility of nuclear power as a grid-based energy source, and, in the context of the overall trend of low-carbon transitions, the nuclear market will continue to increase further if our country is to take nuclear power instead of electric power, and if we increase the weight of nuclear power in the system.
The current rate of nuclear power growth is lower than expected, and development still needs to be accelerated. According to the current state of our nuclear power transport and build-up, it is expected that nuclear power capacity will reach 70 million kilowatts by 2026, 120 million kilowatts by 2032-2033, and six units will be approved each year in the future, with a single capacity of 1,200 mw, in 2050.
The installed capacity is expected to reach 247 million kilowatts and the authorized 8 cases to reach 296 million kilowatts, all of which are behind expectations (by 2025, our nuclear power generation reached about 70 million kilowatts and nuclear power generation accounted for 8 per cent of total electricity generation; by 2035, our nuclear power supply, which is 200 million kilowatts in construction and in operation, accounted for total electricity generation).
The reason for this is, on the one hand, a slightly longer-than-expected construction cycle for new nuclear power plants, and, on the other hand, a higher projected rate of increase in nuclear power after 2025. The long chain of nuclear power has an investment-driven effect.
France, Russia and the Russian Federation have the entire industrial chain of the nuclear industry, which covers nuclear power research and development, nuclear power construction, natural uranium production, nuclear fuel processing, equipment manufacturing, nuclear power operation, nuclear power decommissioning, spent fuel and nuclear waste management, high industrial relevance, long industrial chains, knowledge-intensive, capital-intensive and talent-intensive.
The nuclear power plant is characterized by an initial high level of investment, with a current cost of about 20 billion units per generation of nuclear power plants, and the nuclear power industry can directly boost hundreds of billions of investments each year and lead to the development of related industrial chains, which can also play a significant role in the restructuring of the local economy and industry.
China’s Nuclear Energy Development Report (2023) states that the nuclear technology application industry is expected to become the country’s new economic growth point. The heating of nuclear energy is an integrated use of nuclear energy.
The most important route is to calculate that more than one tenth of the world ' s fleet of nuclear power reactors have already been supplied by the IUPU, with 5.59 million square metres of nuclear energy heating at the Haiyang, Qinshan, and Red River nuclear power plants; how hard is it to have a complete nuclear power chain at the Tanagawa nuclear power plant? Which countries in the world have done so?
In economic terms, according to joint research carried out by China's Nuclear Energy Industry Association and others, the cost of heating nuclear energy is comparable to the cost of heating coal, the advantages of heating gas and the efficiency of the use of nuclear energy can be improved, for example by heating 900mw solar power, and the efficiency of heating machines can be increased from 37% to 56%10.
In particular, in 2021, seven departments, including the Joint Ministry of Science and Technology of the National Atomic Energy Agency, officially launched the Medium- and Long-term Development Plan for Medical Isotopes (2021-2035), which provides Qinshan nuclear power with the only commercial heavy water reactor nuclear unit in the country, and in April 2022 launched the first global commercial pile of carbon-14 isotope target materials, with carbon expected to be completed in two years.
-14 Isotope production, with the first commercial scaffolding-90 glass microball production target development launched at the end of 2022, followed by the production of iodine-131 and sculpin-89 isotopes. The Hainan Changjiang multi-purpose modular small reactor demonstration project has entered the nuclear island installation phase and will also provide steam and desalination services to neighbouring enterprises while generating electricity.
Nuclear power technology continues to evolve, and four generations of technology are expected to improve the use of nuclear energy. We adhere to the “three-step” strategy for nuclear energy development in the “hot piles, fast piles, fusion piles.” The current three-generation technology, represented by the Hualong One, is becoming more mature and actively promoting the “second step” of nuclear energy.
The technology has been rapidly developed and has been preliminarily settled. On 6 December 2023, Ishishima Bay high-temperature cooling reactor was put into commercial operation, becoming the world’s first nuclear power plant with the main features of the fourth generation nuclear power technology. In addition, the Xiaura demonstration fast reactor, liquid-fuel thorium-based molten salt test reactor (tmsr-lf1) environmental impact report (operation phase) has been made ecological loops.
The development of fast reactors will help to increase the efficiency of nuclear fuel use, reduce nuclear waste, improve nuclear energy efficiency, and hopefully further the development of our nuclear energy industry. Fusion energy is expected to accelerate the commercialization process. Controllable nuclear fusion is receiving increasing attention from countries around the world, in 2023.
Within, the United States announced a ten-year vision for the commercialization of fusion energy, the world’s largest fusion experimental device, Japan jt-60sa, has been officially operational to date, and the European Union jet (EU) last experiment has updated the maximum output record of fusion, maintaining a 5.2-second fusion reaction and generating 69mj energy.
The future launch of the controlled fusion industry under the theme “The future of nuclear power-initiating fusion”, the announcement of the establishment of the Conveyable Fusion Innovation Consortium and the launch of the China Fusion Corporation (CMC), officially launching the first key energy technology clearance mission for the future; and on 29 January 2024, the joint launch of seven sectors, including the Ministry of Industry and Communications.
The " Implementation Opinions for Innovative Development of Future Industries " states that emphasis should be placed on the promotion of future industries, such as energy, and on nuclear energy, fusion, etc. Because of the similarity of fusion and fission, there is also a defined radiological hazard, and if future fusion power is commercialized, nuclear power in China, wide nuclear power in China, etc.
Nuclear power operators with operating experience and a pool of talent are expected to benefit first. Performance growth suppression factors are eliminated, waiting for the peak stage of production of the crews, 1 # of the Taiwan crew is restored to grid-connected power generation, and performance growth disincentives are eliminated.
The company’s non-full-owned company, the Taiwan Nuclear Power Co-operative Company, was the first of the two epr units to be commercialized worldwide. The epr unit was the third generation of nuclear power technology developed in France, the French Power International Corporation and Japan, and the #1 unit was shut down to find out why the fuel was defective, and replaced the defective fuel, in August 2022.
On 15th of the month, the 1# team completed the overhaul and restored the grid to power generation. The shutdown of the 1# unit in Taisan resulted in the growth of the company’s performance, with net profits of 650 million yuan and 2130 million yuan in 2021 and 2022, respectively. In the first quarter of 2023, the 1# unit in Taiwan undertook a major annual overhaul of the material exchange and adjusted it.
In the first half of the year, the 1# team was using just 604 hours, generating 1,057 million kWh of electricity, well below the 38779 and 678.8 million kWh of the 2# crew. On 27 November 2023, the 1# team resumed grid-connection, generating electricity, and the nuclear power plant and the surrounding environment were properly monitored.
The company's share in the company's nuclear electronics company is 70 per cent. If the company's net profit from the Taiwan nuclear power plant is eliminated, the price is 0.435/kWh (including taxes) and both units have a rated capacity of 1750 mwe, and the reference company's other units use hours, based on 8,000 hours, and if the two units operate at full capacity, they can be paid on an annual basis.
Billion dollars, net profit to the mother, $1.13 billion. A fleet of 4#s at the city security port is now in operation, and an injection is expected from the Pacific Ridge nuclear power plant.
On March 25, 2023, the 3# crew completed a 168-hour pilot operation and officially went into business. According to data released by the China Nuclear Energy Industry Association, the 3# crew used 6529 hours throughout the 2023 year, generating electricity won/kWh (including value added tax), an increase of 2.34 billion for the company is projected for 2023.
From 8 to 10 January 2024, the National Nuclear Security Administration commissioned the Ministry of Eco-Environmental Environment, the South China Nuclear and Radiation Safety Monitoring Station, to verify the preparation of the first loads of Unit 4 of the Anti-City Port Nuclear Power Plant; and from 22 to 26 January, the State.
The Department of Nuclear Safety conducted a comprehensive inspection of the nuclear safety and environmental protection facilities prior to the issuance of the licence for the operation of Unit 4 and, on 1 February, issued the report on the pre-licensing for the operation of Unit 4 of the Guangxi City Nuclear Power Plant, which contained six correction requirements and stated that the inspection had “achieved its intended purpose”.
The semi-annual report reveals that Unit 4 of the Anti-City Port is expected to be operational in the first half of 2024. Assuming that in 2024 the number of hours used by Unit 3# of the Anti-City Port can reach 8,000, in 4# the number of hours used by Unit 6000, based on a power rate of 6 per cent of the plant, an increase in the number of nuclear power stations in the Anti-City Port is projected to be in 2023 in 2024.
9110 million kilowatt-hours of online electricity and an increase in operating income of RMB3.28 billion, resulting in a net profit of about RMB1 billion. In accordance with a letter of commitment to avoid competition among colleagues, the company-owned shareholder, the China-Hong Kong Nuclear Group, undertook to retain the project for a period of five years after the approval of the start of work, and to inject it into a listed company after meeting the asset infusion conditions.
31 December. As a result, the controlling shareholders are expected to inject assets into the Pacific Ridge nuclear power plant in 2024, and units 1 and 2 of the Pacific nuclear power plant are the Hualong I, with a capacity of 1202 mwe, and are expected to be operational in 2025 and 2026, respectively, according to the company ' s semi-annual report of 2023.
The State Department’s Standing Committee has recently approved crews 3 and 4 in the Pacific Ridge, which have yet to disclose the expected time of commissioning. The Pacific Nuclear Power Project, which plans to build six Hualong One units, is expected to be further approved and expanded in the future.
Because of the special nature of the nuclear power industry and the complexity of nuclear technology, there are extremely high technical and administrative barriers to access. By 2020, our nuclear power project (with the exception of demonstration engineering and research reactors), officially approved by the State Council, had been developed and operated by China-wide, China-based nuclear power, and the National Power Injectings Group, which have been working together.
China’s nuclear power plant (excluding a consortium of 41.8% and a consortium of 53.6%) and China’s nuclear power plant (41.6%) are two leading companies operating in China’s nuclear power development. With the exception of a small number of projects under construction, the nuclear power plant is basically owned by China’s Hiroshima and China’s nuclear power listed companies.
China Energy received approval in 2020 for the first large-scale controlled water reactor nuclear power project, the Hainan Chang River nuclear power phase II, which was officially launched in March 2021 and became the country’s 14th Five-Five.
The first nuclear power project to start construction: approval was obtained in 2022 for the expansion of the Ishishima Bay nuclear power plant. As this country's energy and energy company, which has nuclear power development capabilities, is involved in a small number of projects, two companies are gradually developing, and part of the nuclear power sector is not currently part of the listed company system.
As we see, our nuclear power development operations show a trend towards a “2+2” pattern with a clear ranking. Figure 36: In 2023, based on the distribution of nuclear power assembly units under construction and approved for construction, the company added six to eight nuclear units each year.
It is expected to remain at 2-4 levels. According to the construction cycle of nuclear power for an average of five to six years and the construction of the company, the company is expected to enter into the production of two new nuclear power units per year in 2026, with a power rate of 6.5% and a tax rate of 0.42 kWh, which is expected to be in the post-industrial stabilization period.
The Division will maintain an annual growth rate of approximately $6.26 billion, benefiting from the five-year policy of air fleet non-charge of spent fuel disposal and the “triple free” of income tax, which is expected to increase net profits by $2.41 billion annually.
In the light of our low-carbon energy transformation and the continuing trend towards the development of the nuclear power industry, it is expected that the future capacity of nuclear power will continue to grow steadily, with relative stability in the use of hours, with prices on the Internet benefiting from the increased share of nuclear power in marketized transactions and the upward space available; and the construction installation and design services sector.
Our profit projections are based on the following assumptions:
Nuclear power installed capacity: Based on the construction of the company ' s fleet and the expected commissioning, it is expected that Unit 4 of the port will be operational on Unit 1 and Unit 1 of the fleet, Unit 5 of the fleet and Unit 2 of the fleet in 2027 and Unit 6 of the fleet in the chamber in 2028. The anticipated commissioning of the fleet will not be officially disclosed, and we assume that Unit 5 of the fleet will be operational.
The fleet will be operational in 2028, in 2029, in Ningde 6, and in Heezhou, in 2029, in Pacific Ridge 3 and in 2024, and in 2030, in Pacific Ridge 4 and in 2024, in which case the company will maintain the pace of production of two additional units per year.
Measurement, assuming an additional authorized fleet capacity of 1,200 mwe. Number of hours spent on nuclear power: reference company fleets have operated in previous years, average company nuclear power utilization in 2023 was approximately 7470 hours, and average utilization after deduction of Taiwan unit was approximately 7968 hours; due to company movement
The fleet generally rotates over major repairs and arranges for a relatively stable number of major repairs per year, leaving aside the impact of major repairs on the number of hours used between years, assuming that the stable operating fleet uses 8,000 hours per year.In this case, the number of hours used by Unit 1 in 2024 may still be lower due to poor performance in previous years.
Other units, assuming 7,500 hours, will be at the same level as other crews as the crews run normality and verify the safety of the epr crews; the red river crews will have fewer hours to use than the other nuclear power plants, assuming 7,500 hours to use in 2024. Moreover, as the energy transition continues to be low-carbon.
In the future, the demand for nuclear power in power systems is expected to grow further, with the gradual decommissioning and transformation of thermal power into a regulated resource, the continued grid-connection of wind power generation and the continued growth of social power use; and the utilization of nuclear power units is expected to increase further as nuclear power operations continue to gain experience and three-generation technology matures.
Since 2026, the number of hours spent on nuclear power has risen to 8050 and the number of hours per year has been raised by 10 per year.
The average market price of Guangxi and Liaoning is slightly higher than in the same period of the previous year. As the electricity market reform continues, the participation rate of nuclear power in market-based transactions is expected to increase, and the price of nuclear power on the Internet remains elastic.
The cost of operating nuclear power is variable: the company signed a Nuclear Fuel Supply Association, the fuel cost is at the spot price of $0.075/kwh, and the fleet in the first five years of commercial transport can be converted into $0.049/kwh.
After production in 2002 and 2003, the rest of the fleet became operational in 2010 and beyond, and it is not close to the end of the depreciation period.
So, about $0.9/kw. As the “Wallon I” technology matures, it is expected that the cost of the fleet will be further reduced, assuming that the fixed cost of the new approved fleet will be reduced to 0.9/kw after 2024.
With the benefits of the normalization of nuclear power approvals, it is expected that corporate nuclear power will continue to grow in size over the coming period, and that construction and security operations will continue to grow in size.
In the same way as other nuclear power plants, the Red River nuclear power plant calculates net profits, and the China-China nuclear funds and finance companies estimate net profits by reference to the average of 2018-2022. Capital expenditures and construction in progress are solidified: the company, as a listed company operating nuclear power, has heavy assets and capital expenditures.
The company's investment in new fixed-asset projects is mainly from the new crew. The company's newcomers are dominated by the Hualong One, assuming an average cost of $16,000/kw, with an average construction cycle of 5-6 years and a one-time consolidation in the year of commissioning; as the Hualong One technology matures, the cost of the fleet is expected to gain one.
With respect to liabilities, it is assumed that 80% of the loan coverage for the construction project and the interest rate for the loan, based on previous years' levels, is assumed to be 3.7%. Injection of assets: According to the holding shareholder ' s commitment, it is expected that the Taping Ridge nuclear power plant in Hyezhou will be injected in 2024.
We assume that the total assets of the target assets will be purchased on a cash basis, depending on the cost of the aircraft and the progress of construction, and that the purchase of shares or bonds will not be considered for the time being. Financial costs: by reference to the financial costs of the company in previous years, it is assumed that the interest rate on the company’s loans would be approximately 3.7% per year.
10% of long-term loans are due. The company’s financial cost increases are mainly due to increased liabilities arising from the construction of nuclear power plants and the infusion of subsidiaries, and additional financial costs are measured on the basis of the above-mentioned capital spending and asset injection assumptions. Income tax rates: Nuclear power units benefit from income tax benefits of “3/3 by 3” waivers, and companies are operating in Yangjiang, Yangjiang and Yangjiang.
Based on the length of the income tax benefit for each machine group and the actual profitability of the unit, it is assumed that the company income tax rate for 2023-2025 is based on the above-mentioned assumptions, taking into account the company's networked power generation, the production of additional units, and the Taishan network.
Injection of assets in Hiran and Nannan and the expansion of the company ' s fleet and financial costs, among other things, our predictive model used an average of 8,000 hours for the company ' s steady operation in 2024 (in addition to the nuclear power plant in Taiwan and the Red River and the newly launched anti-city port unit 4), the average price of electricity on the Internet in 2024.
The company ' s 2023 net return profit is now being analysed for sensitivity with nuclear power hours, Internet access prices, using the number of hours to increase by 100 hours from the original value of 8,000, which would raise the net return to the original value by 2.4 per cent; the price of electricity would rise to 0.430 per thousand on the basis of the original value of 0.423.
Taking into account the company's business characteristics, we use both absolute and relative valuations to estimate the company's reasonable input conditions: based on the company's capital structure and financial position as reflected in the company's historical financial statements, we assume a 50 per cent equity capital ratio and a four-year daily data calculation of the Beta coefficient of 0.88, with no risk benefits
The rate is based on a 10-year maturity rate of 3.0 per cent for public debt, a risk premium of 7.00 per cent, and a cost of debt capital of 3.65 per cent, resulting in a wcc value of 6.08 per cent.Fcff valuation results: China's wide reconciliation of each equity interest is measured under the assumption of a 2 per cent sustainable growth rate
An analysis of the sensitivity of the absolute valuation, which is more sensitive than the rate of wacc and perpetuity growth, is presented in table 19 as a sensitivity analysis of the evolution of these two factors in the firm ' s absolute valuation.
We believe that nuclear power has great potential for growth in the context of a low-carbon energy transition. As new fleets become operational, company performance is expected to continue to grow steadily. There is a certain underestimation of the value of nuclear power, which has cash cow properties similar to hydropower, and returns are relatively stable.
Conditions affect, profitability is more stable, and there is more room for growth, pending the development of sufficient resources. With the near-normalization of nuclear power, there is greater certainty that nuclear power will continue to grow steadily, and the long-term depreciation will improve further.
Pb (lf) valuations are 1.43/2.15/2.44.171x, respectively, and there is a certain underestimation of the value of nuclear power assets, which is expected to be restored under the Chinese speciality valuation system as the State Commission of the State Council fully opens its market value management test for listed companies.
We have selected Nuclear Power and Hydropower Listing Company as a comparable company, and the estimates of the value of nuclear power by comparable companies for 2023-2025 are somewhat understated, giving the company 21-23 times greater than the current valuation of China's Hiroshima and China's Nuclear Power in 2023, at a level below hydropower and above the current level of nuclear powerpe.
However, the valuation was calculated on the basis of more assumptions, in particular the calculation of the company ' s free cash flow over the next few years, the calculation of weighted capital cost (wacc), the assumption of tv growth rate and the selection of comparative commons valuation parameters, all of which included many individual judgements:
High annual free cash flow calculations, leading to risk of optimistic valuations;2 We assume that weighted capital costs (wacc) have a very strong impact on corporate valuations, and that in calculating Wacc we assume that the risk rate is zero, that the risk premium is 3.0 per cent, that the risk premium is 7.00 per cent, and that there may still be low estimates or discounts for these parameters.
The risk of an overvaluation of the company's valuations due to the low value of Wacc's calculations;3 We assume that the company's tv growth rate will be 2% over the next 10 years, mainly because we believe that the future nuclear power industry will be more certain. If the nuclear power industry changes significantly over the next 10 years, the company will continue to grow.
(a) The risk of low or negative growth leading to overvaluation of corporate valuations;4
Long-term, correction of industry average dynamics; 5 - We have made a firm assumption that the company's future asset injections to two nuclear power plants, the Pacific Ridge of Huixiang and the South Australia, are based on the assumption that the total asset is estimated at the cost of the aircraft and the construction progress, and are based on 1.2 xpb
Do not consider the way in which shares or bonds are purchased. The real value of future asset injections, the price of transactions, the way in which they are traded may have an impact on valuations, and if asset injections fail to take place, they may lead to future gains for companies.
The average valuation value of the three gorges, as comparable companies, is 2023-2025, and we have set many parameters, based on historical data and personal judgement of future changes, in the projections of future profitability of the company ' s power generation, sale of electricity, respectively:
1. We assume that the company ' s nuclear power unit will use 8,000 hours in the coming year (except for Taiwan, the Red River and the newcomers) and that, since 2026, the number of nuclear power hours will increase to 8050 and 10 hours per year. If future levels of use of the company ' s nuclear power unit fall short of expectations, they will result in lower performance;
2. In our assumptions, the company will add two new units each year in the future, with a nuclear power unit construction cycle of 3, and we believe that in the medium and long term, the price of nuclear power will be elastic, assuming that the company’s nuclear power plants will have a meta/kwh (including taxes). If the cost of nuclear power access is not as high as expected, it may lead to a reduction in the company’s performance;
4. We estimate that the cost of the nuclear power plant is about $16,000/kw and is expected to be reduced to $15,000/kw in the future, assuming that the company ' s share of capital investment in the construction project is 80 per cent and the loan rate is 3.7 per cent if the price of nuclear power is higher than anticipated, or if the loan rate is higher than assumed, it may lead to higher projections of company performance and free cash flow;
Business growth is not as fast as expected or the Māori rate is less than assumed, which may lead to higher profitability projections for companies.1 Power system reform affects revenue risk. Under the Electricity Interconnection Regulations, users are required to bear the necessary cost of support services or to receive the corresponding economic supplement according to their contribution, in accordance with the principle of “who benefits and who pays”.
The company’s nuclear power unit bears the cost of ancillary services in accordance with two rules or the rules of the spot market, and in the future, with the high proportion of new power generation grid-connected, the cost of ancillary services will be assessed or increased, affecting the company’s risk of a rise in nuclear 2, fuel prices.
The company’s future increase in the cost of electricity and nuclear fuel could lead to higher operating costs and lower profits; 3. Policy risks. Pre-electric profits and cash flows are more dependent on value-added tax and income tax preferences, as well as provisions not to charge spent fuel disposals for the first five years; the company’s medium- and long-term growth is subject to annual approval of the fleet.
In the future, negative changes in policy could lead to a deterioration in the company’s business performance and a decline in growth; 4, macroeconomic downside risks. If the macroeconomic downside could affect demand for electricity consumption, resulting in electricity being cut short of expectations; and, at the same time, the power supply and demand pattern was weak and could lead to lower electricity prices, affecting the company’s revenues.
5. Nuclear safety risks. Safety is the primary issue in the use of nuclear energy. If there is a future safety accident in the company’s crew, it could lead to a shutdown, a reduction in the company’s revenue collection, an increase in the cost of repairs and associated costs, and an impact on the company’s profitability.
The adverse effects, and the resulting reassessment of nuclear power risks, could lead to a decline in stock fleet utilization, delays in the construction of new units, stagnation in the approval process, and further increase in industry requirements for nuclear power safety, thereby increasing the cost of nuclear power construction and operation and affecting the profitability of companies.
Schedule: Financial projections and valuation Authors' assurance that data used in reporting are from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author's professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party's approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; authors' past, present or future absence of studies on them