Maintenance of R & D and market inputs, 4g recultivation and 5g construction 29/04/04
▪ Events: The Mid-Engineer newsletter revealed a quarterly report that realized business income of 22,202 million yuan in the first quarter of 2019, a 19.34 per cent decrease in the same year and a 116.28 per cent increase in the net profit attributable to the general shareholders of the listed company, in line with performance expectations. At the same time, the company issued a performance forecast, 2019
▪ Greater investment in research and development and a marked improvement in cash flows to build up the capacity for growth: the first quarter of the year was marked by a communications boom of RMB 1 billion, an increase of RMB 14.38 per cent over the same period, representing 13.93 per cent of total operating income, and an increase of 4.1 pct over the same period of the year before, with continued high levels of investment in research and development.
The flow was $1.260 billion, an increase of 836.19 per cent over the previous year. Short-term corporate borrowing increased by 33.97 per cent from the end of the previous year, mainly as a result of increased operating capital for the current period, with a financial cost of $777 million, an increase of 317.94 per cent over the same period last year.
• Successful business recovery and end-to-end business readiness: communications are fully restored, more than 40 operators worldwide have worked with communications in China 5g, and key technology in China 5g ismassivemimo
Business practice leads. As one of the world's four major equipment dealers, China-Change has a complete, end-to-end product and integration solution, flexible to meet the diverse needs of different customers around the globe through a full range of products such as Wireless, Wireless, Cloud Calculating, Terminals, etc., as well as rapid innovation.
▪ Performance release is about to be released after delays in the collection of operators: 5 G in 2019, 1, Middle Episode (00063): business country 5g business process is on schedule and the operator plans to warm up capital expenditure, but collection time is a little late
We're back on track, with 4g solid performance based on expectations that China's 5g mobile wireless and transmission collection will be delayed. We're expecting 3 base, 5g wider growth space in 2019.
In the fourth quarter, the operator will open large-scale purchases, which will focus on releasing the equipment provider's performance and will continue to benefit from the network build-up that has taken place in the years ahead, with the expected increase in communications revenues and profits.
Developed markets, political and business dynamics, 5g  Profit forecasting and investment rating: We look forward to the future of communications in the middle, and companies continue to increase their research and development (R & D) through the triple dividend of the era.
Inputs, wide product coverage, and leading in many technological industries. The global 5g buildup, bureaus, and the big players in the ict integrated platform compete more to increase risk, operators spend less on capital than expected, and market share expands less than expected.
Increased investment in research and development and a marked improvement in cash flows resulted in an increase in accumulated energy RMB 22,202 million in operating income in the first quarter of 2019, representing a 19.34 per cent decrease in the same year, attributable to the public market RMB 116.28 per cent increase in the same year, which is in line with performance expectations.
Corporate operating income and net profits have recovered steadily, and research and development investment has continued to increase, with R&D costs of R&D of RMB 3,093 million in the first quarter of 2019, an increase of 14.38 per cent over the same period, representing 13.92 per cent of total operating income, an increase of 4.1 pt compared to the same period last year, and continued high levels of R&D investment.
Cash flows from operating activities in the first quarter of 2019 amounted to $1,260 million, an increase of 836.19 per cent over the same period. Companies managed their corporate costs well and sales costs continued to decrease, while company management costs in the first quarter of 2019 amounted to $1,261 million, mainly due to increased legal fees and staff costs during the period.
Short-term corporate borrowing increased by 33.97% compared to the end of last year, mainly as a result of increased operating capital during the period, with a financial cost of $777 million, or 317.94% more than during the same period last year. The company’s increased operational and R & D investment has reduced corporate profits in the short term, but increased investment in the early 5g has been made into a race to accumulate energy for sustained performance growth and product competitiveness.
According to the company's six-month-old performance forecast, the communications forecast for the first half of the year 2019 was $1.2 to $1.8 billion, the losses of the same period the previous year, the business had recovered smoothly, the end-to-end commercial readiness was on the wireless, and the story was now working with more than 40 operators around the world.
Business practice leads. Nfv has more than 420 commercial and poc cases worldwide. 5g end-to-end commercial products and solutions, full series of nr products with full frequency, full landscape coverage. Commoncore achieves full integration and integration, while supporting sa and nsa with minimal investment to smooth the evolution of the target network; self-research series of ai
engine supports 5g-wide intelligence. More than 320 lte/epc commercial contracts have been acquired globally, with a global 4g-based stock share approaching 20%. nb-iot integrated technology competitiveness ranked first.
Il. 5g completes more than 20 test bureaux and tests, core technical indicators and test commercial progress keep industry ahead; light access to flagship titan capacity and integration industry first, innovative architecture supports solid migration integration and embedded edge calculations, applied on scale in China, Italy, Japan, etc.
Terminal operations, with a focus on focused customers and key markets, maintaining a 5g commercial lead, have now taken the lead in completing 5g end-to-end connectivity for three major domestic operators, and have conducted 5g terminal tests in a number of countries, including Canada, Australia, Spain, Austria, Italy, Finland.
Accompanied by the launch of the first 5g flagship, axon10pro5g, with 5g mobile phones leading the business and to be launched domestically in early May; the series of 5g end products, such as cpe inside and outside the 5g room, will continue to land in major countries around the globe: Bladev10 will be listed at home and in key countries.
As one of the world's four major equipment providers, Xinxi Communications has complete end-to-end products and integration solutions that respond flexibly to the differentiated needs of different clients around the globe, as well as the quest for rapid innovation, through a full range of products such as “wireless, wired, cloud computing, terminals”.
After some delays in the collection of operators, performance releases are approaching 5 g in 2019, information consumption and flows continue to grow at a high rate, the 5g industry continues to advance, 5g enters the critical phase of commercial deployments, and major global countries will continue to launch 5g pre-commercial preparations for 5g-scale commerce; 5g will be driven.
Initiating a digital transformation of industries, increasing operational efficiency, and generating business innovation and upgrading; 5g commercial-driven industrial chain maturity, chips, modules, and terminals gradually moving to markets, leading to innovative development of new applications. Operators plan to warm capital spending, but Chinese operators gather a little later than expected, moving 5g wireless.
We expect large-scale procurement by domestic operators in the third and fourth quarters of 2019, which will focus on the release of equipment, and the long construction cycle of China’s 5g, coupled with 4g re-cultivation, a longer period of network development and an increased demand for equipment globally, with expected sustained growth in communications revenues and profits among the leaders of global ict operations.
We look forward to the future of communications in the middle, with companies continuously increasing their investment in research and development, a wide range of products, and a number of technologies leading the industry. To benefit from the global 5g buildup, companies have good growth potential.
(c) The expansion of market share is not as large as expected:
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board