On 29 April, the company published a quarterly report in 2019, which generated business income of $22,202 million, a decline in comparison with the previous year.
19.34 per cent; net profit of 863 million yuan on return, a 115.95 per cent increase on the same year; net profit of deducting non-retroactive returns affects profit performance, with R & D increasing to 5g. The fall in the first quarter was largely final.
39.97%. Non-recurrent gains and losses contribute to a larger profit composition, with investment returns plus fair value gains and losses amounting to $517 million. q1 management costs increased significantly over the period, compared to the increase in staff costs. q3 management costs are expected to return to normal levels. Companies increased their research and development investment during the reporting period.
The Annual Review of the Mid-Emergency Communications — Back to New Growth Week, with 5g savings and q1 investments of 3,093 million, or 14.39 per cent, is expected to remain high in future R & D. The 4g build-up plus 5g commercial landings has led to greater certainty in the growth of the company's operations.
The 4g tender, "Corporate Review - China’s Communications - 5g Landing", is planned to expand the range of 416,000 stations to receive a second share. It is expected that 90% of the project will be completed in 19 years, contributing around $3.25 billion. At the same time, three major operators, 5g, will be present in the year of capital expenditure.
3. Rapid Business Recovery for Re-evaluated Values - Billions. The company has stabilized in the first global echelons in the 5g market, and has started 5g-plus with more than 30 operators around the world.
As the operator's capital expenditure returns to the upswing cycle, the future will be 5. Mist breaks up, and the value will eventually appear - 2018 -
The impact of the embargo will gradually be eliminated, and profits will be released faster after q3. Companies, with the exception of consumer business, have returned to full normality.
q2. The public sector’s profit release period will be delayed by factors such as the company’s 5g commercial initial focus market pattern and increased investment in 5g research and development. The company’s profits are expected to break by 1 billion in the first quarter and enter a new growth period.
The end operations fell short of expectations: the operator ' s share of collection fell short of expectations: the operator ' s capital expenditure fell short of expectations.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment