Information technology hardware and equipment Performance is slightly lower than expected and 5g R & D investment is expected to materialize
2. The decline in revenue has increased significantly, with a decline in the share of mobile end-of-service business being the main cause. Before the 5g switch, we judged that the company ' s main strategic resource pool operator had a high-mori business, mobile phones 3, financial cost pressures had increased, 5g high-intensity R & D inputs had increased, and cost end-of-service expenditures had increased:
In our view, corporate management costs have risen to a higher degree than market expectations and have greatly slowed corporate performance as a whole. Corporate cash flows have gradually improved, and interest expenditures are expected to decrease.4 Equity gains have increased by $280 million on a year-on-year basis, effectively smoothing corporate profits: due to the second half of the first quarter
The market as a whole has performed well, and the total equity/flow (millions of shares) market price fluctuations in the company’s affiliates, which generated gains and losses for the same period of the previous year, have been recorded for the entire 19-year period.
Total market value/flow (millions of dollars) End-stock accounts for risk; exchange gain/loss risk.
Non-net profit of $133 million. The decline in revenue has increased significantly, and the decline in the share of mobile end-of-service business has been largely due to the fact that in 2018 the United States Federal Communications Commission (Fcc) passed a full-time resolution prohibiting United States operators from using federal telecommunications.
Subsidies, procurement from equipment manufacturers that may threaten US national security, refer to China’s larger and lower U.S. market for the company’s cellular end-products, the difficulty of obtaining a value-for-money advantage in the U.S. operator’s market without subsidies, the continued contraction of business revenues, and the rapid recovery of the company’s combined Māori product.
Financial cost pressures have increased, with 5g of high-intensity R & D inputs, cost-side expenditures The increase of $600 million in corporate management costs over the same period was mainly due to increased legal fees and staff costs during the current period, and significant increases in financial costs as a result of increased interest expenditures and exchange losses as a result of fines.
A quarter ago, corporate finance companies insisted on innovation-driven R & D investment in the core 5g area, with R & D investment of 3,093 million, representing 13.9 per cent of operating income, an increase of 4.1 per cent compared with 9.8 per cent in the same period the previous year.
Interest expenditure is expected to decrease as a result of a gradual improvement. Equity gains increased by $280 million on a year-on-year basis, effectively smoothing corporate profits.
Gains from market price fluctuations have been realized, at a loss during the same period of the previous year. We believe that changes in the fair value of corporate equity have been stable throughout the 19-year period.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.