For the first time in six consecutive quarters, the Division was able to achieve a positive increase in revenue. Of this, sales of 4q24 grew by 5.6 per cent on a lower base year-on-year basis.
Both in Shandong Province and outside the province recorded strong double-digit sales growth, which helped the company to increase its overall sales of 1q25 by the same amount as the median. Looking ahead for the next two quarters (especially in the pre-wang season replenishment phase), the green beak is expected to continue to be low without unusual weather conditions.
The positive growth is largely due to the improvement in the product structure. Specifically, the sales of the brands of the green bean owners grew by 7.4 per cent a year, much better than those of other brands (2.1 per cent a year).
After entering 1q25, we see that the sales of the main brands are growing at a similar rate to that of the company as a whole. In the main brands, high-end products such as white beads and August perform better, and the classics maintain a better resilience, but the classics are more resilient.
Pure life is still under downward pressure. We believe that the new management will make optimizing the product structure one of its priorities for 2025 and the future.
We're predicting a flat or slightly lower single-ton bill in 2025, but a smaller decrease than in 2024. Thus, a further expansion in 2025 is expected, but a smaller expansion is expected, with a flat or a small decline in sales rates for the same year, and a profit margin is basic for the same expansion.
• Upgrade of the Green Bay to “buy-in” rating, maintaining a share “take-in” rating: after the replacement of the old and new management, we believe that the new management has a greater incentive to make the valuation of the Yearev/ebitda at a lower base (basically consistent with the Huayun beer target), and we have improved it
v/ebitda valuation (port unit target 25 per cent premium), we have adjusted the total market value (million yuan) • investment risk: 1) higher than expected price increases for raw materials; 2) lower-middle-high-end beer growth than expected
Qingdao's beer, Ping-Ying International.
Promising and pessimistic scenario scenario - (168.hk)
Pessimistic scenario: corporate income and profit rate increase less than expected
Pilgrim International pessimism and pessimism scenario (600600.ch) Pessimism scenario: corporate income and profitability are growing less than expected
An optimistic scenario: corporate income and profitability grew better than expected, and corporate overall operating profitability levels in 2025 grew at a year-on-year rate below 100 bps Pilgrims International.
By accepting this report (including any relevant annexes), the recipient of this report states and guarantees that he is entitled to this report under the following conditions and agrees to be bound by the restrictions contained therein. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the law. This report is the subject of activities regulated by the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571), the first (Systems Trading) and the fourth (Provision of Comments on Securities).
This report is not intended to be used by anyone for other purposes. This report is only prepared for the purpose of providing information and cannot be interpreted as referring to a purchase or sale.
You shall not interpret the content of this report as an exclusive opinion or recommendation on legal, tax, accounting or investment matters, and you shall consult with your legal and financial counsel on legal and related matters relating to any transaction covered by this report. The information and comments in this report are dated, may be modified without notice.
This report does not contain all the information that the company may require, and you should not merely base your investment, withdrawal, or any financial decision or action on the information contained in this report. In addition to a presentation of historical data, this report may contain forward-looking statements involving a variety of risks and uncertainties, which may be based on assumptions and limited to significant risks and uncertainties.
The views, recommendations, recommendations and opinions in this report do not necessarily reflect the position of Pil-Bing’s international securities. Pil-Bing International Holdings Ltd. and its associated companies, associated departments (collectively “Pu-Bing International”) and/or its directors and/or employees may hold the securities of the companies described in this report or related to them, and may from time to time buy or sell them.