Qingdaobrewery (600600ch) sales are steady and ready
The view focuses on investmentfocus (pleaseeappendix1forenglichsummary) better than the big city maintinoutperform
In the first year of his tenure as Chairman Kang Jong-sung, in 2025, the organization had sufficient internal dynamics to compete better than the big city's otperform
Nuclear optimization is expected to stimulate the restoration of the market share of green beverages. In March, it was announced that the Qingdao Beers Group and the Qingdao Beverages Group would be strategically integrated to build an all-industry chain ecology that covers alcohol and non-alcoholic drinks by integrating resources from the channels and the industrial chain, thus consolidating the excellence of the beer industry.
htiesg, which expands high-growth paths such as healthy drinks. In marketing innovation, the company is large e-s-g:0-5, (pleaserevertotheappendixforesgcomments)
Strive to promote operations such as o2o, b2b, instant retail, community shopping, multichannels to meet the purchase needs and consumption experiences of connected consumers in the bbb+ web era, 24 years of catering, nighttime, etc., i.e., drinking markets
Market sales accounted for about 41.2 per cent; the non-drinking market sales of ka, circulation, etc., accounted for about 58.8 per cent; 24 years of sales, despite pressure, structural upgrading and mitigation efficiency supported profitability. 24 years of company upgrading, down-costing and reasonable cost control supported the company’s profitability.
24 years of company beer sales equal to -5.9 per cent to 753.8 thousand litres, with a ton price of +0.6 per cent pricerreturn-mscichina to 4263 per thousand litres, and a high-end/low-to-principal/Standard sales equal to each other.
Growth. The current pipeline stock, with sufficient pre-season replenishment needs within a month, provides a strong boost to subsequent growth, and we expect sales to continue down the price of packages such as glass, aluminium, and so on, and imports of barley remain stable.
The cost side, in the context of benign competition in the industry, is more focused on cost-effectiveness, with firm cost rates expected to remain stable for 25 years, and profits improved throughout the year with greater certainty.
Investment advice and profit forecasting. In the context of increased geopolitical friction and the volatility of the trading environment, the defense attributes of the domestic consumption plate are highlighted. A Qingdao beer, based on sound business and deep brand bottom, can hold the security margins of dividends at a rate of 69% in 24 years.
With the accelerated recovery of the consumption scene, the company’s sales and product structure are expected to double up, drive profit elastic release, and the valuation hub will be ready to repair the opportunities. In a time when the internal and external environment is less certain, Aoshima’s beer is resistant to cyclical and growth dynamics, and it is now available.
Ravennrui smelled great.