China Yunwa (688396) reported no fear of a negative growth in the epidemic and continued beneficiary replacement of Hua Yunwa (688396.sh) reported.
On July 29, China Yundu revealed that in mid-2020, the company achieved a business income of 3,063 million yuan, increased its profitability and increased its research and development to enhance the competitiveness of the industry.
403 million yuan, or +145.27% of the same year. With the increase in capacity utilization and the decrease in fixed costs, the ratio of gross gross domestic product (GDP) to gross gross domestic product (GDP) amounted to 27.3% of the same year +6.63 pct. Companies continue to increase their R & D inputs to improve the competitiveness of their industries, 11 international patent applications for pct, 20 foreign patent applications and 84 new authorized patents.
In the first half of the year, the order was full and the sic line of production was officially produced. Product and programme business plate 1: 1) Power semiconductor business has been growing steadily, and the company power unit business activity has increased steadily, compared to the business income of +22.31 per cent. Mosfet product sales were equal to +21.43 per cent, and the igbt product was produced.
The company officially launched a series of 1,200v and 650v industrial-grade sicschottsky diodes during the New York Electronic Exhibition in Shanghai on 4 July, and announced the first 6-inch commercial sic crystalline production in the country, which is expected to become a future growth point for the company.
The same ratio +13.35%, of which measures mcu, asic, etc. are used to measure the demand for thermostating of the epidemic +598%.
2) mems technology continues to be industrialised, Ho-Mu-Fu, 8-inch silicon product has been successfully certified, and 6-inch albedo production rates have increased steadily compared to silicone.
The epidemic puts pressure on supply endh2 performance, and the “new infrastructure” is expected to accelerate the replacement of national production. Declines in demand for affected endpoints or deferrals to h2 are reflected in the lower half of supply end performance pressure.
Construction in areas such as railing will, to some extent, stimulate demand growth, and the semiconductor industry will offer new historical opportunities. The domestic epidemic will ease and the plant’s capacity will recover, while the shutdown of large overseas plants will provide domestic producers with a chance to re-engineer their supply chains, and domestic substitution is expected to accelerate further.
The report is presented independently and objectively, with a diligent and professional attitude. The data used in my commitment report are based on compliance channels, analytical logic based on author ' s professional integrity and professional competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects my research and adoption.
A reasonable judgement concludes that the findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party. A description of the securities investment consultancy business, according to the Certificate of Operating Securities (z23834,000) issued by the CSRC, GSM is qualified for securities investment consultancy operations approved by the CSRC.
The securities investment advisory business refers to the conduct of the institution that acquires the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and its consultants in providing securities investors or customers with relevant information, analysis, forecasting and publication of portfolio investments to the customer.