Innovative Technology and Business Services Research Centre 1. Mid-Year Report Review of Hua Yunwa 2020 - High Performance 2. Annual Report of Hua Yuen and Quarterly Review - Quarterly Report
Increased demand for traditional high-season supercharged power-management ic, cis, over-expected, national production replacement or acceleration of the 8-inch crystal-round swing weather cycle, expected to continue until the first quarter of next year: the current 8-inch crystal-crystal capacity shortage began with more camera phones in 2019.
3. “Superm’s Insight Report – Aiming at world’s top-notch cis-driven needs. 5g mobile phone penetration rose rapidly in 2020, and power management needs were derived from the semiconductor tap of the Idm mode per unit.”
The increase in cellular telephones from 1-2 to a maximum of 10 per cell phone resulted in a significant increase in the demand for power management, while the epidemic affected the growth of global demand for pens, tablets, home-based work, online education, thus driving the demand for c and other semiconductors: three quarters of the traditional season, resulting in 8 inches of the current round.
We believe that, as the electronic needs of cars continue to recover, the 8-inch-round industrial boom is expected to continue into the first quarter of next year. With limited expansion, supply-chain disturbances increase capacity tensions: limited access to second-hand equipment, and the current global environment.
The eight-inch crystal circle generation is slow to expand its industrial capacity. And domestic crystal circle plants may be limited in supply uncertainty, allowing some of their customers to switch orders to ensure a stable supply chain, thus exacerbating industrial capacity tensions.
The high profile is expected to increase the productivity of the 6-inch crystal circle by “overflowing” to 6-inch crystal circle. More upward pressure on the mosfet cost, with the advantage of the Idm model showing: long lead times, higher replacement prices for part of the crystal circle plant, resulting in higher pressure on the mosfet cost.
Big. As an Idm model company, China Yum can give priority to ensuring its own capacity needs, and in the future it will be possible to benefit from the rise in the prices of its own crystal round workers and mosfet.
As the company’s capacity utilization continues to be high, we expect that the Māori rate will remain high, without excluding the possibility of the company’s upturning prices in the next quarter. We continue to increase the company’s rating ratio analysis of the relevant reports in the market by 2020.
, and then the final rating is calculated on an average basis, as an average investment in the market Click here to enter text.