The Centre for Research on Innovation Technology and Business Services showed a high degree of elasticity, with semi-annual reports continuing to outpace expectations The company released its semi-annual report in 2020, generating business income of $3.06 billion over the reporting period, a year-on-year increase
16.0 per cent, resulting in a net return of 40 million yuan, an increase of 145 per cent in the same year; 1.68 billion yuan in the second quarter, an increase of 15.6 per cent in the second quarter, a net return of 320 million yuan, an increase of 81.7 per cent in the same period, and continued out-performance in the second quarter.
Idm, high elasticity in surrogate operations, and a significant increase in the Māori rate: in the second quarter the Māori rate for companies reached 29.3 per cent, a high rate of Māori in the first quarter of the year since 2019, mainly due to growth in operating income and an increase in productive capacity utilization. In the first half of the year, corporate product and programme revenue grew by 20 per cent, and manufacturing and service operations increased by 20 per cent.
1. “The annual and quarterly reviews of the Chinese Yuen newspaper - a 12.8 per cent increase in the income of the press in one quarter, showing that the idm model and crystal round industries are operating over-expected in a high industry climate and that national production replaces or is about to accelerate”,
The ratio of products to programme operations continued to rise and the transition to “platform” semiconductor products continued:
The Idm model power semiconductor taps, 44.95%, an increase of 1.55 percentage points over the same period last year, continued the transition to a product company. The income of the power plant industry grew by 22.3% over the same period, with mosfet sales increasing by 21.4% over the same period.
igbt sales grew by 49.9 per cent on the same basis, with the first 6-inch commercial sic crystalline production in the country during the reporting period, with regard to the bandwidth semiconductor layout. The IEC industry grew 13.4 per cent on a year-on-year basis, with more than 20 per cent of the power management system products being imported into domestic branded air conditioners;
Half-yearly, the sales of thermometers increased by 598% in the same year: PV products were sold in the industry meter segment market by 45% in the same year. Companies are “platform” companies that can expand a variety of semiconductor products, such as multiple types of power devices, sensors and controllers at the same time in the country.
The risk of an increased global new crown epidemic; the risk of an overexploitation of production capacity; the wind of technological backwardness in corporate products; the risk of a volatile valuation of science and innovation panels; and the risk of an over-exploitation of production capacity.
An analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market is then calculated on an average basis to arrive at the final rating as the average investment in the market Click here to enter the text.