The increase in profitability was significant, with a high performance of H1 of 16.03 per cent and a net return profit of 403 million yuan, an increase of 145.27 per cent over the same period.
The Māori rate rose by 6.6 percentage points, and the net profit on maternity grew by 145%. The same-year increase in revenue was 16.03%, and the operating income of the major power plant and surrogate industries increased. The net profit on maternity increased by 145% over the same period, largely thanks to the increase in revenue, while the manufacturing and service sectors increased.
The increase in capacity utilization, lower fixed costs, and a 6.63 percentage point increase in the Māori rate. One season, q2 companies achieved $1.681 billion in revenues, an increase of 15.61 per cent over the same period, the sales of ring power devices increased steadily, and integrated circuit operations expanded well during the reporting period.
The company’s product and programme generated sales revenue of 1,369 million yuan, up to 44.95%. The power industry grew by 22.31% in the first half of the year. Of this, mosfet’s sales increased by 21.43% in the same year, gbt’s sales increased by 49.90% in the same year, and the 6 inch commercial sic crystal production line was positive.
In the first half of the year, the integrated circuit industry grew by 13.35 per cent, power drive and power supply managed the import of related products into brand home customers, smoke alarm sensor products stabilized on brand customers, and PV products entered a steady period of cooperation with large customers.
The manufacturing business focuses on specialty processes, with a continuous increase in crystallized manufacturing and encapsulation capacity. During the reporting period, the manufacturing and service business blocks achieved sales revenue of $1,677 million, an increase of 12.78 per cent over the same period.
Volume production; 0.11mbcd technology start-up pre-research work to import 600vsoi technology platform product validation; 8 inches of silicon mic process product certification successful and 6 inches of high-confident noise compared to silicon mic mic production steady pace.
Markets such as larger breakthroughs, domestic white domestic electricity, and industrial transformers continue to function. The semiconductor industry, with market prices as a standard on July 27, 2020, has a less-than-expected outlook; product development and customer expansion are less than expected.
S.A.I.S.I.C. is qualified for portfolio investment consulting.