On August 25, Cyrus published his semi-annual report for 2024.
The net non-mortality profit of $1,437 million was reversed. The sales cost rate of 2024h1 was a significant increase in the volume of vehicle sales from the source, an improvement in overhead management and improved profitability.
In the first half of 2024, the company launched the flagship aito to ask for large-scale delivery of m9 and introduced a new m5 and a new m7ultra to meet the multi-dimensional choices of different users in their appearance, space, etc.
The semi-annual report published statistics asking World 9 for a total of 120,000 vehicles and 500,000 vehicles. In the first half of 2024, the company sold a total of 209.09 million new energy vehicles, increasing the number of smart architectures, smart ecology, intelligent dynamics, intelligence simulations, intelligence measurements.
The full-fledged company, Cyrus Motors Ltd., has a 10% stake in Shenzhen Smart Technology Ltd.
In order to further deepen the cooperation model, China is working together to promote smart cars and smart drivers. The “carbu” business, such as the dry driving system and the Hong Men’s cabin, continues to grow and is expected to enhance corporate investment returns in the future.
Investment proposals: With the firm’s branding in the new energy car market becoming stronger, future sales and new vehicle listings are expected to continue to improve profitability and promote better performance. In order to deepen cooperation with China, it is expected that brand power will be enhanced, while increasing investment revenue will be expected.
Investors are only fit to use studies with a risk level not higher than “middle and low risks”, “stable” investors only to use a risk level not higher than “medium risk”, “positive” investors only to use a risk level not higher than “medium and high risks”, “radical” investors are fit to use the various categories of our department who have their own qualifications or considerable professional competence in portfolio investment consultancy as granted by the Chinese Securities Association, and are aware of it independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner.
This report is presented within the context of the circumstances. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in the present report and have not used it.