Quarter q2 net profit on non-mortality.
2nd quarter is a profit start of scale and Māori performance is higher than expected. 1) Collection: volume increase/product structure Improved resonance resonance resonance resonance ratio improved significantly. 24q2 Cyrus announces 12.17 million caliber sales, +142.2%/+6.6% of which ask the world brand for 98.7 million.
Effects +m9 contribution. 3) Cost rate: The cost rate of the period increased by 4 pct, with sales rate of 15.4 per cent versus +2.6 pct, and companies increased their capacity to build/market through channels, and q2 was listed for two new vehicles (new m5/m7ultra), R & D cost increased by 1.3 pct and R & D capitalization decreased net. 3)
Profit: Combined statement of profit of $110,000 (after deduction) and significant change in the profit margin ratio  announced purchase of 10% equity interest and over-expected landing of the stockcar. Cyrus proposes to pay $16.36 billion in net cash flow from the company’s operations, and this transaction is a public listing.
The Division pays cash to purchase assets, which do not involve the issuance of shares, does not lead to changes in the equity structure of listed companies, and does not affect the equity structure of listed companies. 1) Carbu, as a scarce investment asset, collects 10.44 billion yuan in 2024h1 and returns 2.23 billion yuan in net profit to the mother, which has proved to be strong.
Self-repairing. Cyrus' access to high-quality assets has a positive impact on the return on investment at the end of the follow-up statements.
As the second company on the list of intentions to be officially announced to be on the ground, Celebrity will jointly support leaders of the world's leading automobile intelligent driving systems and components industry.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: due to better performance of companies in selling car orders & delivering ... while at the same time taking credit for continued good profitability.
It is expected that the company and China are working together to advance the three major financial projections of Cyrus, which, with the approval of the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission (CMSC), are qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.