Looking to deepen cooperation — a study on the dynamics of Cyrus linzj@cfsc.com.cn
M9-led increase in Māori ratio: benefiting from M9 delivery, the 24q2 Māori ratio was a total of over 120,000 m9, with the highest sales volume of more than half a million vehicles. Increased cost for the period: 22.1 per cent over 2024q2, up from 24q1
• Purchase of 10 per cent equity, deepening cooperation with China: August 25, company announcement of major asset purchases, Cyrus' fully-owned company, proposed to buy China by paying cash
Technology-held companies (Hin Shenzhen, i.e., China is a smart car solution 1, Cyrus (601127) 2, Cyrus (601127): sales in May)
Deepening cooperation with China: Shenzhen's hopes include a large increase in the number of businesses in China, such as dry-dry-dry-dry-dry-dry-dry-dry-dry-dry-dry-dry-dry-dry-dry-dry-dry-dry-dry-dry-dry-dry-dry-dry-dry-dry-dry-dry-dry-dry-dry-dry-dry-dry-dry-dry-dry-dry-dry-dry-dry-dry-dry-dry-dry-dry-dry-dry-dry-dry-dry-dry-dry-dry-dry-dry-dry-dry-dry-dry-dry business.
2024 - Shenzhen's promising landing marks a further deepening of the partnership between Cyrus and China, the creation of brand moats and the future of the company.
Helping Cyrus to further upgrade the state of its intellectual electrification technology and the production of smart cars. 2024-02-21.
Safety and stability of the supply chain. Questioning circles cover 25-57 million Suv markets, product sku continues to expand. Question circles focus on suv, covering 2.557 million: Cyrus works with Wall.
Hung Ming Ji-hwan launched a series of m5, m7 and m93, covering 25-57 million Suv product sku, which continues to expand to attract more potential consumers: August 26, launch of a new question-and-answer section, m7pro, for the m7 product series.
In addition, a new series of products will be launched and expected to be marketed by the end of the year. As product lines and sku grow, the community is expected to attract more potential consumers.
China ' s high-end new power position has gradually stabilized and has greater potential for future growth, maintaining (1) that the expansion of new models has fallen short of expectations; (2) that the demand for automobile consumption has fallen short of expectations; and (3) that cooperation with China has not progressed as fast as expected.
Introduction by the Automotive Group : M.A. Xiamen University, Automation/World Economy, cpa, 6 years of auto industry research, advanced and forward-looking research, good at bottom-up excavation of a unit. Deep coverage of Tesla industrial chain/one.
In 2024, the University of Wuhan, a master's degree from the University of Columbia, became a member of the Hua Xiaobo Portfolio. Two years of work experience in automobile business, mainly in strategic planning for car selection and analysis of competitions. Morning: Master of Finance, Shanghai University of Finance and Economy, 2024.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth 300 index: the new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.