Cars are driving a high-performance growth through a series of sales in the world, looking forward to deepening collaboration with China's intelligent driving.
24h1 high income growth, largely driven by a strong push for new-car sales in the asked world; 24h1 realization of surplus or a significant improvement in the Māori ratio driven by scale effects. 1) The company ' s 24h1 revenue of $650.44 million, a significant increase of 489.58 per cent over the same period last year of $11.32 billion, mainly due to the first half of the year ' s series of round-the-clock sales
The sale of the same year increased several times, and this year ' s new high-end line led to an overall increase in average prices. 24h1 is the cumulative delivery of 1806 thousand vehicles, almost seven times the increase of 23,200 vehicles over the same period last year; and the first half of the year was the addition of a high-end, high-priced 47-57 million question line m9, with 24h1 selling 59,000 vehicles.
Billion dollars, a reversal of the deficit, or the scale effect of a significant increase in overall delivery in the 24h1 question world, drive the Māori rate to increase by 18.7 ptt over the same period last year.
q2 opens up the combined impact of delivery. q2 single-quarter net profit from the mother is 1,405 million yuan, a significant increase from q1 to $220 million; q2 single-season Maori is 27.47% and 5.96 pct is higher than q1. The above-mentioned earnings indicators show a significant increase in the public division q2 single-season profitability, and we expect a further increase in overall sales, mainly due to the q2 question world.
The overall Māori rate has risen as a result of the start-up of the q2 delivery. q2 full-season series sold 98,000 vehicles, up from 82,000 in q1 sales. At the same time, the company launched a new m5, a new m7ultra and a new m7max version in q2.
Xiaoting asks the world about a growing array of products; at the same time, it is expected that the production of super-plants will support the company’s expectations of sales.
For the new product, m9 was launched at the end of February. This year, the product was placed at a price belt of $4.770 million, which had not been covered before. This has led to a better expansion of the company’s product lines.
Six months later, the new M7pro has been officially listed in August, and the distribution of the new M9 edition is expected to take place on September 10; while the new series, positioning the $35-450,000 price belt, is likely to be launched in the course of the year, m8 and it is expected that the full-scale sales will continue to perform better in the second half of the year.) In line with sales expectations, the company will be able to produce more productively.
Early deployment, in February of this year in Chongqing, the Felix Super Plant was inaugurated in the new area of the Ganges, and is currently undertaking manufacturing work for the border m9: the factory plans to produce 700,000 vehicles annually, and is expected to provide a more sustainable car intelligence at the end of its capacity for the company ' s continued development, and to further promote, deepen and become intelligent for its subsidiaries by entering Queens.
The company has continued to invest in intellectual and technological excellence. Over the past six months, the company has continued to improve the central gateway structure, service gateway structure, and rim architecture of its own intellectual “cloud architecture” for research and development, amounting to millions of kilometres of users. On August 26, Cyrus announced plans to invest $11.5 billion in Shenzhen's limited intelligence technology.
The company is expected to deepen its cooperative efforts with China to create a sound technological basis for car intelligence development.
On August 28, the company issued a bulletin on the company’s backbone team’s plan to increase the company’s shareholding, which revealed that the cadre team did not exceed RMB 200 million from the date of the announcement, reflecting the strong confidence of the company’s backbone team in the future’s continued development.
Investment proposals: The company has performed better than expected in 24h1. Looking ahead, the roll-out of the new vehicle model and the building of the brand are beginning to yield results, and the sales of the entire vehicle are expected to continue to perform well; in the long run, the risks expected to continue along the path of intelligence, and that the development of new products is not progressing as well as the risks expected.
I. The profit forecast core assumption The whole car business: looking forward to the second half of the year, with the roll-out of the new vehicle model and the initial results of branding, the whole car sales are expected to continue to perform well; in the long run, the company continues to deploy in the direction of intelligence, or sustains performance growth. We expect the car fleet to grow.
2. Automobile spare parts and others: the company’s car spare parts business has been developing or is maintaining a steady growth. The company’s main business is the R & D, manufacturing, and marketing of the car as a whole, taking into account both business and product types, and we have selected Biadi, the ideal car, as a comparable listed company in the industry.
The initial results of the construction, the good sales of the flag exit model, are expected to lead to an increase in corporate performance and an improvement in the overall valuation.