Industry leads, the wind rises, the company's business structure is more balanced. In terms of the company's income structure in recent years, brokering, Peng Hua
Investments, management, credit, and self-employment are more balanced. Strong leadership, institutionalization and internationalization are significant. Companies are in the forefront of key performance indicators for a long time, with long-term industry leadership on individual sub-business indicators.
The company’s leader is largely dependent on the size of its large clientele and its greater ability to integrate financial services, especially since the company is well-positioned and clearly ahead of the firm’s client base.
In addition, the company’s international operations are in the vanguard of the industry. The industry environment offers more growth prospects for the company.
First, it is possible to share more of the growth opportunities offered by the cdr business, based on a wealth of overseas business experience, the size of large institutional clients, and the global distribution of business networks. Second, in the context of the growth of institutional investors,
The company can further expand its operations through a stronger institutional service capacity and an already existing institutional client base. Thirdly, in the context of industry transformation, the concentration of the industry is expected to increase, and the company, as the lead sheep, is expected to expand further in the process.
Fourth, in a two-way process of opening capital markets, companies are expected to gain more from the pre-eminent overseas layout of their operations. The valuation is in the lower range of historical values.
In the first half of 2018, the market index was in a somewhat depressed environment, and the overall performance of the securities sector showed a marked downward trend, with companies reporting six months of activity.
The report shows a 13.8 per cent increase in the net profit of the company ' s parent and a reverse increase in the net profits of the company, which was established on 25 October 1995 in Beijing.