Precision of the fruit-based innovation period of the strategic harvest cycle, the time-awaited roses, the depth report of the Sino-Portal (6000030).
Jung Yong-seok, strategic selection and forward-looking business innovation champions, 1480510120012
“Manager of rhythms” for strategic implementation: For 15 years, from being listed in 2003 to 2018, companies have made very precise strategic choices in different market cycles, including expansion of financing to business-focused decision-making. Market cycle forces have become the largest home-grown coupons, and so on.
The cycle of transformation strengthens the vanguard of business. Fistmover, an innovative business: a company that is ahead of business innovation and is willing to spend time and cost to nurture new business.
Short-term investment logic: resilience to market risks highlights counter-performance growth.
Investments rely on branding and professionalism to harvest market shares in the industry’s recessionary cycle. Cdr will continue to boost corporate investment revenues for years to come.
At the same time, China’s summer fund will provide strong support for managing business income. Capital intermediation has better wind control, and companies currently pledge less risk.
The overall scale has not yet touched the ceiling. The historical investment performance of self-employed operations has been robust, while direct investment is expected to have a certain size of floating reserves with a very desirable potential to release performance.
In this context, Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sinoe’s internationalization is characterized by speed, branding, and elasticity, highlighting the value of its investments.
2) Institutionalization is a long-term theme to consolidate the company’s leading position. Through a review of mature markets in the United States of 1 , the Chinese Securities (600030) event: timing, share collection, by comparison, the country’s professional institutional investors still have much room for growth and are constrained by equity structures.
Real institutionalization has not yet begun. With the full layout of institutional client services and leading service capabilities, companies will continue to consolidate their leadership in this long-term process.
New Low 2018-06-01 Profit Forecasts and Investment Ratings. We think the company is a coupon for strategic choice and forward business innovation.
The business leader, Sino-Sin securities, is expected to generate business income of $48.9 billion from 2018 to 2020, 5 and the Non-Bank Financial Industry Report: on a cycle of wings, 54.5 billion yuan and 60.4 billion yuan; the net return profit is 13.9 billion yuan, 14.6 billion yuan and 15.9 billion yuan, respectively.
6. Non-Bank Financial Industry Report: Dismissal of Proprietary Rights
Sino-Sinse securities (600030): Roses for the time of genetic expectation of the fruit innovation in the precision strategic harvest cycle; Eung-Hing Securities In-depth Report; Sino-Sin-Sin-Since securities (600030): Roses for the time of genetic expectation of the fruit innovation in the precision strategic harvest cycle
During the 15-year period between the company's listing and 2018, we divided its development into four phases, which were reflected in different periods.
The strategic choice of the firm is well aligned with the pace of the market: Phase I (2003-2007): A precise pace of financing expansion, with a quasi-market cycle, beyond scale. Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino, completed the formation of the Sino-Sino-Kino-Kino-Kino-Kino-Kino-Kino-Kino-Kino-Kino-Sul, significantly increasing the number of business points at the end of 2005; again in 2006
To raise $4.64 billion in funds for China’s life, and to become the largest producer of domestic capital, the above-mentioned channels and capital were prepared to provide companies with an important support in the course of the ensuing 2007a cow market. To add, in 2007 the market’s high-profile Sino-Chinese securities were publicly released, raising 25 billion yuan.
Expanding the net capital to 54 billion yuan, exceeding the second sea-to-air bond by more than 17 billion yuan, has led to the second phase of the securities bank (2008-2011): a transition at the bottom, focusing on the buyer’s business to upgrade the firm’s hard capacity.
In 2008, the company’s transactional financial assets + available for sale + investments up to maturity reached a total size of $40.7 billion, a significant increase of 160% over the same period. The size of the management of the operations has also been seized from 2008 by the Division of business opportunities for deregulation of the securities managers and the pilot start-up of credit operations.
In 2012, the size of the administration grew nearly fourfold to more than $22 billion. In the following three years, it was further expanded to over $90 billion, leaving it far ahead of its competitors on the scale of management.
In 2018, it became one of only two dealers at the level of the central bank’s open market business, expanded the range of approved cross-border business investments, approved out-of-the-field trading at the level of traders, acquired Cdr’s pilot sponsor agency, and a large number of new business pilot profiles.
The source of financial and intellectual growth in the East, the Sino-Sinse Bond (6000030): Rose of the time of genetic expectation for the fruit innovation of the precision strategic harvest cycle: Figure 1: The strategic choice and market timing of Sino-Sinse securities
1.2 The first business innovation of the firstmover, a voucher innovation, and the company’s willingness to invest time and cost in nurturing new business. Often, it can be used as a market pre-emptor to communicate with regulators in advance, and thus to a large extent to the company’s new business.
Far ahead of the industry’s forward-looking approach: our cdr management in 2018 will open up the process of internationalizing new capital markets. And the business preparation for returning to credit securities dates back to 2002.
In the use of public funds raised in 2003, a total of $1.234 million was indicated for financial innovation projects such as the cdr study and the development of the master beacon index. Adequate business readiness for innovation: companies started financing the voucher innovation in 2005 and ended in 2006.
Until the 2010 pilot was launched (the Securities Act 2005 removes restrictions on securities), companies could operate quickly and scale up their operations. New models for industry-led development capacity: for example, the company ' s asset management business developed banks, trusts, trusts, etc., in 2007.
A new model of triangular cooperation on securities, and a silver-letter model, has played an important role in the expansion of the post-Trailway operation. The development of the Reits in mid-2014 has also opened up new areas of our equity reits.
2. Short-term investment logic: The ability to resist market risks highlights the negative growth in performance of 2.1 brokerages out of the commission war, where client rankings have shown a strong vitality over the past five years, the biggest challenge that has plagued the development of bondbrokers is the commission price war caused by the homogenization of services.
The average commission rate for listed dealers fell from 7.9 per 10,000 in 2013 to 3.4 per 10,000 in the first quarter of 2018.
The rate of commission has begun to fall faster as a result of a race to white heat. The average amount paid in the current deep market is around $20,000, measured at a rate of net commission in the industry in the first quarter of 2018, with investors spending an average of about $7 per transaction, and the threshold for starting with the current five-dollar commission is already in place.
As a result, price wars in brokering are no longer an effective competitive strategy, and the SMS has adopted a client-group approach, pooling resources according to the characteristics of the clients of the different groups.
Sex products and services, exploiting more customer value and shifting from a transaction commission-driven to income from wealth management services, moving from a single income to diversified income, increasing the resistance of brokering revenue to shrinking market transactions.
The net commission rate for brokering in CCMs has been slower since 2015 than for the industry as a whole, and has rebounded slightly in the first quarter of 2018 and exceeded the net commission rate in the industry.
The share of proceeds from broker trading in securities in China declined from 89% at the highest point in 2014 to 84.4% in 2017; revenue from sales of financial products increased from 220 million yuan in 2013 to 740 million yuan in 2017. The diversification of revenue from brokering activities has been increasing, and the transformation of wealth management has continued unabated.
We believe that customer classification and revenue diversification of brokering operations will evolve into more robust business units that are more resilient to market volatility in the future, and that in particular we believe that the commission rates for SCM will be up-to-date.
The market share of the stock-based trading stock in the East declined from a high of 6.5 per cent in 2014 to 5.6 per cent in 2017, more so as a strategic shift away from “ineffectual flows” to more profitable net wealth management.
According to the SEC’s classification rules for securities companies, the income from agent trading of securities = net revenue from agent trading of securities – equity fund transactions – 2.5% of a million. If the net commission rate is close to 10,000, it will be negative.
The institutional customer service of the CSVS is a leader in the industry. The Fund’s revenue from warehouse commissions has been at the top of the industry for a long time, and the post-equity market share ratio has gradually increased slightly in 2015.
Figure 5: Summary of net revenue from sales of securities by SCM agents, Table 1: Average number of transactions per transaction submitted Table 2: Average number of transactions per transaction carried out in depth
The primary market since 2017 can be summed up as a double-equity debt, with abs working hand in hand with acdr becoming market light.
In the area of market equity financing, equity financing (ipo+plus) stood at $1.5 trillion for the whole year 2017. In the first quarter of the same year, corporate debt and corporate debt were issued at $257.78 billion, or +15.4 per cent, and bond underwriting was invested at $1 billion, or +1.8 per cent.
Products, market demand is expected to rise further and benefit the market abs further. In the process of a significant contraction in the market, middle-class securities, which serve as the backbone of the business, have enhanced industry coverage with important regional clients, strategic emerging customers, and continue to pursue the “full product coverage” business strategy.
The impact of the downturn. With high-quality project quality and reserves, the net equity and creditor ownership of credit securities increased by 49.9 per cent and 48.7 per cent, respectively, in the first quarter of 2018, while the overall size of the stock and debt markets fell by 47.4 per cent and 15.4 per cent, respectively, over the same period.
Since 2018, the market share of SCM has increased by 3.2 percentage points and 1.9 percentage points, respectively. During a period of market recession, SCM has demonstrated a strong investment outreach capability, which has in large measure hedged the risk of market contraction and demonstrated strong performance resilience.
The shares and claims of the SCM have the quality and reserves of the items ahead of the competitors. Since 2015, the lowest distribution of the SCM has been among the securities in the top 5 rankings of the total amount of the claims; in the ipo queue of the project reserve, the number of companies in the top 10 rankings of the SCM securities is already in place.
Pre-disclosed renewal projects accounted for the highest share, at 18.2%, with a significant lead on the competitor. Future investment performance remained positive, with securities holding their market share since 2018, as well as increasing their market share by 1.8 percentage points since 2017, the year in which the abs began to grow.
We believe that at abs, a period of opportunity for broad development prospects, middle-rate securities will also benefit the most from resource advantages and experience reserves. East’s financial and intellectual booms.
Sino-Sin securities (600030): Roses of time-awaited genetic innovation for precision strategic harvesting cycles
In our view, the main logic of the internal investment business of the Sino-Portuguese securities is reflected in an excellent countercyclical anti-risk feature, which is seen in the continuously expanding market share. The offshore business has a positive expectation of cdr landings. We did this in our previous report, Cdr Opens the Profits Space and New Business Analysis (19 June 2018).
Detailed market space calculations: As of the pilot phase, cdr is expected to generate investment revenue of $900 million-$3 billion per year. By reference to the distribution of adr in the United States, the distribution of adr has been seized by the top five investors since 2000.
At the beginning of the pilot, the Bank’s operating income will account for more than 80% of all income related to the Cdr. Given that the current formal rules for the cdr are in place, it is expected to enter a period of rapid growth over the next five years.
The coupons have already taken the lead on Mi's cdr project, and with its early placement in the new economy, we continue to appreciate the performance of the cdr project for the Sino-Sin securities portfolio over the next five years at least.
Figure 13: Trends in market size in abs
2.3.1 Portfolio asset management operations have been able to withstand the risk of market-scale contraction The management operations of bond dealers have expanded rapidly over the past few years by relying on corridor operations, but are not matched by the lower management fees and the “deteriorating” proactive management capabilities associated with the higher management scale of the services.
Financial regulatory policies have tightened since 2017. These include the " Standard for the Regulation of the Recording of Securities Futures, Private Asset Management Schemes of Securities Operating Agencies " , No. 4, the " Guidance for the Regulation of Asset Management Operations in Financial Institutions " , issued jointly by the China Securities and Investment Association, the Central Bank, the Silver Insurance Commission, the Securities Commission, and the Office of the Exterior Administration, all of which deal with non-target assets and a large number of investments.
There are strict limits to the layering. Since then, bond management operations have opened up a return to the essence of “fortune, for generations,” and we expect that access funds from the banking system will contract faster over the next two years: according to the latest data from the Chinese Association of Securities Investment Funds. In the first quarter of 2018, the portfolio size of the bond dealers was one.
In the first quarter of 2018, the securities firm set up a total of 1,073 product management units and established their size.
Figure 15: The total active size of the top20 billing firm (2017 q3 data openings) has a relatively high degree of resilience to contraction in the management of securities, given the poor overall market outlook for the operations. There are three main logical main lines:
First, Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sulti-Sulti-Sulti-Sulti-Sulti-Sto-Sur-Sul-Sur-Sul-Sul-Sur-Sul-Sul-Sul-Sul-Sul-Sul-Sul-Sul-Sul-Sul-Sul-Ser-Ser-Ser-Ser-Ser-Ser-Ser-Sul-Sul-A-Ser-Ser-Ser-Ser-Ser-Ser-Ser-Ser-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-S-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-S-S-S-S-A-A-A-A-A-
The average annualized return on securities is 6.1 per cent of the median annualized return on bond-type products of the SCM, which is in the top 5 of the SMS scale.
Second, there is a small share of revenue from the Chinese Portfolio operations. According to the Chinese Securities and Investment Association, the size of the Chinese Portfolio initiative in the first quarter of 2018 was approximately $616.2 billion. In conjunction with the size of the collective plan announced in the annual newspaper of 2017, it was about 152 billion yuan, with a special programme of about 52.8 billion yuan and a targeted programme of 1350 billion yuan left.
Right. We estimate the size of the current pipeline operation, or about $930 billion. According to published data, about 0.9 per 1,000 of the plan is calculated. Thus, $930 billion in revenue from the pipeline operation is about $840 million, representing only about 1.9 per cent of the mid-2017 collection of securities.
Eung Heung Securities In-depth Report (600030): The Rose of the Time for Gene Innovation in Accurate Strategic Harvesting Cycles
Figure 17: CSMS client ratios, Figure 18: The average CSMS rate is measured. Third, the CSS portfolio has a very good institutional customer base.
Long-term, trust-based institutional clients can give bondholders more swing space to resist market contractions. Let's take the example of a pooled scheme that represents a proactive management capacity.
The performance impact is further reduced by the transfer of clients from the orientation plan to the pooled plan. With a solid operating agency, the customer base, and long-term partnerships with clients of the agencies.
A billion yuan corridor operation would have to deal with 27% of it, i.e. 250 billion dollars in the size of the customer’s funds to the company’s pooled plans, to erase the negative effects of the corridor’s operations.
Taking into account the fact that institutional customers tend to configure bond-type products, while bond-type products from middle-class securities lead the way, and have a shorter duration (an average duration of about 14 months, which is shorter than that of other securities management products), it is more attractive to institutional customers.
After spending $1.6 billion in 2013 to acquire 10% of the assets of the summer fund, the CSCM has maintained a holding stock fund, holding 62.2% of the shares. And the summer fund’s aum grew from $3.3337 billion in 2013 to around $1 trillion in 2017.
By reference to the United States, the size of the United States fund (a comparative fund plus a mutual fund plus a closed fund) as a proportion of net residential assets was 22.2 per cent in the first quarter of 2018, and our country is currently at about US 1980 levels, which shows that there is still significant scope for public fund growth.
Thanks to the structural dynamics of the stock market in 2017, public funds have generally performed well. Revenue from the total summer fund will increase by 15%, contributing around 1.2 percentage points to the net profits of the company.
Figure 22: Trends in the historical total share of the summer fund 2.4 Risk management space available for capital intermediation