China Stone (600176) Standing at the beginning of a new cycle of growth
China’s Great Stone Deep Report reports that the Blue Ribbon has become the world’s leader in the fibre-optic industry. China’s Great Stone originates in the city of Kiyochi, Zhejiang Province, and China’s Big Stone is the world’s leading company in the fibre-optic industry.
East Windmill in the town of Ishimon, the company that has been operating four times since 1993 over Owensconin, has been in its first chair ever since 22% of the world's markets were able to reach 22% of the world and the country occupied the world's fibre-optic industry in 2008. The company is the world-wide company.
The largest producer of fibre-optics in the world is the company with the largest capacity.
In addition to the year’s losses due to the international financial crisis, corporate profitability has been stable and maintained at the same level as debt and cross-equity presentations: high, far ahead of the world’s co-operator. Cost leads by the moat of rock, behind the firm’s strong.
In terms of scale, companies are the first to be listed in the country’s fibre-optics, and in 2007 the joint venture was introduced as a strategic investor, with two 52 weeks of capital between stock prices.
It allows companies to obtain financial pre-eminences, and assistive companies to expand their productive capacity in reverse and growing size. In terms of industrial chain integration, companies have achieved individual international leadership levels, ranging from raw materials such as lasagna to leakboard manufacturing, glass formulations and leachate formulations, which not only helps companies save.
The cost of total equity/flowa shares (in millions) has increased the quality and stability of the product. The fourth business start-up has led to a new cycle of growth.
Four entrepreneurial expeditions, the doubling of overseas production capacity planning by 2022, overseas production capacity distribution is the inevitable option of “outside supply” in the face of anti-dumping pressures, and the global competitiveness of corporate products will be enhanced through the complementarity of global markets and production capacity.
So, in 2021, a new cold-renovation cycle for companies is about to start, smart manufacturing is about to begin a new downward cycle, smart manufacturing is about to provide the basis for high-end products, and the share of high-end public-sector products has been rising in recent years, and profitability has increased significantly.
Many times. Maintains the firm’s rating of “very recommended” investments.
One of the greatest leaders of the global fibre-optic industry, which became the world's champions, was a mixture of filamentite, limestone, etc., made from high-temperature melting, rads, veils, fabrics, etc.
Inorganic non-metal materials are mainly used as enhancement material in composite materials, electro-insulation materials and thermal insulation materials, and fibreglass-based fibre products are widely used in wind, electronic circuits, transport, construction, etc.
The process of being produced as a material in the ancient Egyptian era of 3,500 years ago, but capable of being made on a scale as an industrial product, was first developed in 1938 by the United States company Owens-Conning, and for the next 70 years, Owens-Conning's fibre-optic capacity has occupied the first place in the world until it was overtaken by China's Stones in 2008.
Figure 2: After 2008, the Great Stone Fibre business grew faster than Owens-Conning, which was founded in 1993. As of 2019, 94.71 per cent of the company ' s income and 98.44 per cent of Māori came from the production of fibres and products.
The Great Stone has five production bases in Zhejiang, Jiang Xixijiang, Chengdu Sichuan, Nanca, United States of America, and Egypt, with a current capacity of 1.8 million tons, and is expected to reach 2 million tons by the end of 2020. It accounts for 22% and 34% of total global and Chinese capacity, respectively, and is the largest producer of the world, both overseas and within the country, the largest producer of fibre optics, the most highly specialized listed company.
The main competitors are Owens-Conning (oc), Jasmaye (jm) in the United States, and Electric Nitros (neg) in Japan, which are essentially one of the main offshore competitors, Owens-Conning is listed at New York Post, which includes fibres and products, insulated materials and commercial roofs, which account for 28.76 per cent of the company's revenues, and Jasmail is a member of Birkhshil Hazarwe.
Material, commercial roofs, fibres and non-widows, electrical nitrics are listed on the Tokyo Stock Exchange, with the main business being special electronic information glass and buildings, glass, heat-resistant glass and fibre optics, which generate 38.91 per cent of the revenue.
China’s Great Stone (600176): At the start of a new growth cycle, 16 percentage points below the Thai optics, and if the mountain optics are integrated with the Stones, the company’s domestic capacity will reach more than 50%, becoming an absolute oligarch in the industry. Overall, China’s Big boulder is the world’s largest and leading firm with the greatest concentration on the fibre optic industry.
Figure 5: China's Great Stone is the most well-established listed company in the Probarian industry, which earns 1.2 per cent of the total principal business income, from the town of Ishimon to the world stage, with four global champions of entrepreneurship.
1.2.1 Roads and Blue Lines have been hard to start, and from the town of Ishimon to the world stage, the early body of China's Great Stone can be traced back to the company's founder, Mr. Zhang Qiangqiang, who founded the Eastern Windmill plant in the town of Ishimon, Zhejiang province, in 1972, and the Great Stoneglass Fibres Company, Inc., which was formally established in 1993, and which began four times in 1993-2019 and gradually moved from the town of Ishimon to the town of Ishimon.
It's the center of the world stage. Looking back at the history of China's Great Stone to this day, it's a long and difficult business history. Figure 6: Four business histories of China's Great Stones, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
1.2.2 Long-term focus on fibre-optic manufacturing, which has grown faster than industry, has been focused on the main business since its inception in 1993, with sales revenue from fibre-optics and products remaining at 90% to the right and even higher of the company’s total revenues. Companies have always been well targeted and committed to becoming and remaining world leaders in the fibre-optic industry, and during the period 2000-2019, they collected and raised their revenues.
The net-return carg, which is 18.17% and 22.91%, respectively, is far higher than the overall growth in the industry, and has been in the first chair ever since 2008 when it took over the world's fibre-optic industry.
Figure 8: China's Great Stone Camp is growing faster than the industry as a whole 2. Cost leads are the core competitive advantages of the Great Stone, behind which is the integration and scalability of the industrial chain and the stabilization of high profitability levels by 2.1 is the absolute lead cost advantages.
Since it was listed, the Great Stone has been stable and profitable, except for the losses sustained by the entire industry in 2009 as a result of the international financial crisis. The Stone is far ahead of its profitability, both overseas and within the country, with pre-tax profits leading to Owens-Oriental financial booms.
For firms in the field of production resources, the ability to control costs is a core element of competition, and the rock is a factor in the industry’s ability to compete.
At the heart of the cycle volatility is the cost advantage and cost-control capability of leading the global bovine industry, with the huge rock ton cost significantly lower than the Thai and Shandong fibres, and it has been in the lower range for many years, and with the expansion of the company ' s size and fine-tuning of costs, the cost rate has been declining for the period 2012-2019.
The source of Eastern financial and intellectual excellence, 2.2, is behind the advantage of scale, the integration of the great industrial chain, and it is traceable that we believe that the cost advantage of the giant stone industry is the advantage of scale, derived from the growing capacity of its own production, and the advantage of scale, derived from the continued expansion of its own production capacity.
Underlying the advantages of scalability and the advantages of industrial chain integration is the strength and dynamism of national firms as a result of private corporate mechanisms. 2.2.1 The early entry of capital markets brings with it a pre-financing advantage, and the expansion of the productive capacity of private state firms to boost productive activity.
Since it was listed in 1999, the company’s capacity has grown from less than 30,000 tons, to 1.8 million tons today, with an average compound increase of more than 20% per year. Market entry has given the company a pre-emptive advantage in terms of capital, and private activity in the state has helped to expand.
The pressure on the capital, while keeping the nation's boulders in the background, giving up the opportunity to be acquired by foreign investors, choosing to mix with the company, the source of financial and intellectual growth in the East, and putting the collage on the market, has since become the country's first company listed on the market, holding shareholders in China's Building Materials Group, with the endorsement of the company and the integration of the capital market.
Since then, the giant stones have expanded in size and technological transformation into fast lanes, and companies have used a variety of means, such as listing and debt collection, and introducing strategies. Investors have continuously expanded their financial power to support their own expansion. After a period of rapid expansion of their capacity in 2002-2008, they have become the world ' s largest producers of fibre-optics, and competitors such as Tarzan have acquired market access to the Hong Kong market only after the merger of Chinese shares in 2007
As a result of the restructuring of China Science and Technology in 2016, China has been listed in a stock market, and Chongqing International and Shandong Bo-Fibre (a statement of offer has been submitted) have not so far. Several major players in the bobble industry, such as Chongqing International, Tarzan and Yamato-Bob-Fibre, are state-owned enterprises with no less financial advantages than giant stones, which have been able to expand and distribute their production capacity overseas, except for the earlier mix-up with companies in terms of financing.
In addition to the pre-existing advantages, the dynamism of private enterprises driven by entrepreneurship under the mechanisms of private state enterprises, the unsatisfied pursuit of size and benefits is expanding. 2.2.2 Size advantages and cost advantages form positive feedback loops, maintaining high and stable profits
Of the production costs of the giant rock fibres, the original composition of the glass, consisting of flask, limestone, etc., is about 34 per cent, fuel energy, such as natural gas, is about 27 per cent, and labour and other costs are about 39 per cent.
On the one hand, the size advantages of the giant stones have led to a reduction in the procurement costs associated with raw materials and energy collection; they are the main raw materials for the production of bovine fibres, and natural gas the main source of energy, with companies acquiring $600 million and $481 million in 2018, representing 11.88 per cent and 9.52 per cent, respectively, of the cost of the bovine business, and because of the strong bargaining power of the scale, the prices of the company for feralite and natural gas are far lower than those of its competitors.
On the other hand, in the process of building new and cold production lines, the company has continued to transform the kilns into larger ones through technological closures, now on average 90,000 tons on a single line, the highest among its counterparts, which, on the one hand, reduces the cost of depreciation and, on the other hand, reduces the number of tons.
The cost of work, which is a powerful way to reduce cost pressures in a highly fixed-assessed and labour-intensive industry, is constantly challenging, with larger single-line capacity, depreciation costs and labour costs for companies’ ton of fixed-asset assets decreasing. Lower costs associated with size advantages give companies a higher value for money, thus gaining higher customer stickyness on the downstream demand side.
At the end of the business cycle, companies have greater scope to reduce prices in order to maintain or even expand their share of the market, maintain their capacity utilization at a high level, and thus continue to retain the advantage of size, spread costs, enable companies to maintain a more stable level of profitability at the bottom of the cycle, and have the ability to expand in reverse, and to fully benefit from the dividends of the upturn in the industry cycle.
In general, the advantage of size leads to a cost advantage that consolidates the existing cost advantage in the form of market share and capacity utilization, as well as the ability of the company to expand in reverse at the bottom of the industry cycle, thereby increasing the size of the advantage of scale.
Increased correlation between strengths and cost leads, resulting in positive feedback that keeps the profitability of companies at a high level through cycles. Figure 22: Strengths and cost advantages reinforce each other, resulting in positive feedback from the integration of the industrial chain of 2.2.3 extremes and the “one-size-fits-all” of multiple industrial chains
The long process of production between raw materials and the final product requires coordination between the various components in order to ensure the high quality of the final product and the extension of the highly upstream industrial chain by means of direct acquisitions, the introduction of re-innovation and autonomous R & D, the breaking down of the key links in the production of the fibre, and the integration of the various links in the industrial chain, depending on the direction in which the subsidiary or shareholder group has been able to break down.
Figure 23: The production of fibre-optics, which guarantees a low-cost and stable supply of ferald powder.
In 2017, the company officially launched a project to produce 600,000 tons of foliage per year, and in 2017, with the purchase of 91.53 million tons of pebbles, in addition to the original production capacity, the Department was able to achieve basic self-sufficiency in the raw materials, effectively increasing its control over the cost and supply stability of raw materials.
Internationally leading glass formulations. About 99.5% of the fibres are glass, so glass formulations are critical to the soundness and cost of the fibres. Traditional e-glass formulations require the use of more expensive stone as a raw material, with more than 10% of a ton of rock in the fabric, and companies, based on autonomous innovation, successfully developed a single ton of fluorine-free e6 glass formulations in late 2008, matching them with a single ton.
The cost of the material has been reduced by 62%, and the strength, corrosion resistance and heat resistance of the product has been significantly increased. Subsequent companies have developed higher-intensity e8 and e9 products, further consolidating international leadership in the area of glass formulation technology.
Building technology, which is the key to the manufacture of high-end fibre-optic products, has a long-term monopoly on high-end formulations in the hands of foreign enterprises such as Bayer and Tesman, and has successfully achieved, through autonomous innovation, the nationalization of leachate raw materials and formulation technologies. Eighty-five% of leachate chemical raw materials are now available from Goldstone to provide low-cost, high-performance piping plates.
Since the start of its business, the company has focused on autonomous research and development of fibre-leaf manufacturing technology, with Sun's company, Goldstone Metals and Equipment Ltd., which is now the world's leading player in the field of fibre-leaf processing of precious metals.
In addition to the above-mentioned farming in the industrial chain, the giants have developed large-scale kilns and pure oxygen combustion technologies, which have also helped to reduce production costs considerably, and the company has been behind the world's fibre-optic industry and has actually achieved “one-size-fits-all” in almost every part of the industrial chain, not only helping the company significantly reduce its costs, but also setting up the company's technological leadership in the industry and helping the company to become an industry.
From the beginning of a new cycle of growth, China's Great Stone (600176).
3. The fourth entrepreneurship journey, where the Protein Dragon has embarked on a new cycle of growth, recalls the history of the growth of the Stone as the world ' s Protein Dragon, a company that faces difficulties, continues to break down, and has a long history of entrepreneurship, which in 2018 opened a fourth cycle of entrepreneurship and a new cycle of growth, mainly in the form of smart manufacturing and internationalization.
3.1 The “tricontinental” strategy has opened up international expansion, and global competitiveness has been further enhanced. Anti-dumping pressures have followed the rise of the world's largest producer of fibre-optics because of the erosion of the market share of high value-for-money products provided by companies based on the cost advantage of industry leadership to the main market of European and American fibre-optic enterprises, 2009.
The anti-dumping investigation conducted by the European Union against China's fibre-optic enterprises in 2009 forced companies to focus on internationalization strategies, shifting their strategy towards overseas markets from “inside and inside” to “outside”. During 2009-09, the company's 200,000-ton production base in Egypt and the 96,000-ton base in Nanka in the United States of America became operational, and the Indian base has now completed land formalities and is ready for construction.
Table 4: The situation with regard to the production lines that the Great Stone is about to build in India.
According to Owensconning, the world’s largest markets are the United States, China and Europe, accounting for 32 per cent, 27 per cent, and 23 per cent of global costs, respectively, and other regions, such as Latin America, accounting for 18 per cent of total global costs.
In the context of the growing risk of friction in trade between China and the United States, “outside supply” is an inevitable option for overseas investment in factories. Figure 24: The major markets for global fibre-optic consumption and the size of the market compared to the construction of the giant Egyptian plant have opened the way to the global expansion of companies, while the strategic layout of companies in internationalization is “three continents” — 30 per cent.
Markets abroad, 30% of investments abroad, and 30% of production capacity abroad, according to the 2022 energy-planning target of 2.2 million tons, will yield about 660,000 tons of GDP overseas, doubling to the current level. And, in the case of corporate competitors abroad, the international fibre-optic giant Owensconning has gradually stopped expanding after the financial crisis and continues to stop on a larger scale.
The year also saw internal integration, and we believe that corporate internationalization has reached a critical window of opportunity, while the successful movement of projects in Egypt and the United States has given companies pre-empirical advantages and capacity to expand abroad in domestic fibre-optic enterprises, which, in combination with the contraction and caution of foreign fibre-optic firms in terms of capital spending, will be able to determine how much of their global production will increase, while companies follow the globalization of their markets.
The strategy, in conjunction with the ongoing process of globalizing productive capacities, will create complementary product structures in the future of overseas production, domestic production, overseas markets and domestic markets, as well as interactions in product R & D and in the introduction of talent, while helping companies to avoid the high tariff costs of anti-dumping, will further enhance their global competitiveness.
Figure 25: Smaller phase-out after the Owens-Conning financial crisis, with higher cost figure 26: Internal integration began in 2019 with 3.2 intelligence to capture, a new cycle of cost reduction is about to begin, and product high-end increases profit stability
Smart manufacturing is an essential part of a company's fourth entrepreneurship, and the central objective of smart manufacturing is to achieve efficiency, high stability and low energy consumption, which is achieved by different means from machine-to-man standardization, automation and informationization, but by using “Internet+”, cloud computing and big data.
The means to integrate vertical information physics systems for the production of fibre-optics, which, according to research, reduces the cost of production lines for intelligent manufacturing by 10 to 15 per cent, is not only to drive companies to further reduce their costs, because of the higher quality stability and fineness of the fine veils, such as wind and electronic cloth, and the fact that intelligent manufacturing can significantly improve the accuracy and the realization of the pre- and post-work processes for the implementation of standard parameters in the production process.
Better synergy, so smart manufacturing is also an important path for companies to achieve high-end products. 3.2.2 A cold-reflection peak is about to open, and the cost of a new round of intellectual-manufacturing energy drops.
Refrigeration typically expands the kiln, replaces the composition of the kiln, adjusts the production parameters and empowers the older kilns with new production techniques, which can improve the production efficiency of the kilns and reduce their depreciation costs.
Cold repair significantly reduced the cost of producing products, with a further drop in ton costs in 2012 - 2013 following the modification of 600,000 tons of production capacity cold repair technology at the Kwansu base and a significant increase in Māori levels in 2013 - 2018 (the decline in Māori levels in 2019 was due to changes in accounting standards).
We believe that the company will start a new cycle of cost reduction. 3.2.3 The product structure is constantly improving, with a combination of high and low levels of profit stability.
The observation was that the trend was confirmed by the steady decline in the flat price of unalkali fibres from 2012 to 2019. At the same time, the price of the tons of the large rock fibres and products remained relatively stable, owing to the company ' s continuous improvement of its product structure, which in 2013 was about 40% in the medium- and high-end applications such as hot plastics, wind power, high-pressure pipes, and electronics, while in 2019 it rose to 65% in the middle and high-end production.
Products like wind and electronics, because of their higher demand for elasticity, corrosivity, high-temperature properties, etc., customers are more sticky, more expensive, and relatively stable. To sum up, the company’s product strategy is to take advantage of its own cost advantage as the leader of the industry and pass through lower end product areas.
Prices crush small and medium-sized backward production, eliminate them from the market, drive down the overall cost of the industry, and thus increase the penetration of the fibres as an alternative material, the financial boom in the East, and, on the other hand, the company uses its technological advantages to continuously increase the share of high- and medium-end products in order to stabilize the combined prices of the fibres and products and make it more profitable.
The profit level has stabilized at a higher level in the industry. Figure 31: Māori rate of sales of giant stones has remained high. 3.2.4 E-clothing capacity plan doubled in 2021 and is expected to be the world ' s largest electronic veil provider.
The electronic veil is used to make electronic cloths, which are an important component of the pcb circuit board. The electronic veil is a high-end product in the bovine veil. Prices and profitability are higher than average. The electronic veil itself is more concentrated because of its higher financial and technical barriers, the high concentration of downstream pcb manufacturers, and the longer technical certification cycle, which leads to a strong customer stickyness, with the current global electronic veil producing 12.15 million tonnes/year, with domestic capacity.
By 67 per cent, the global electronic veil industry cr3 was 33 per cent, Khunshan Bseng (12.5 per cent), Dynamite (11.9 per cent) and China ' s Stone (8.6 per cent) were ranked top three companies.
Figure 32: The price of the electronic veil is much higher than the average base-free bra, the source of financial and intellectual growth in the East.
It is planned that, after the completion of the construction of two annual electronic veil lines with an annual capacity of 60,000 tons, the company ' s electronic veil will reach 225,000 tons in 2021, with the prospect of becoming the world ' s leading electronic veil producer.
4.1 The weather recovery has been pushed back by the epidemic, and the industry is still at the bottom, with a steady recovery in the price of fibres interrupted by the demand shock of the epidemic, and the industry is still at the bottom. In 2018, the new production capacity of the company was set on fire, amounting to 1,005 million tons, well over 260,000 tons in 2017, cutting off cold repairs, shutdowns and dismantled capacity, which we measured for 2018.
The increase in productive capacity was 26.38%, the largest increase in four years. In 2018, the additional capacity was set on fire in the middle and second half of the year, and after a three-month period, production could be stabilized throughout 2019, beginning to exert greater pressure on the end of the fabric supply. The main downstream demand for the fibre optics was buildings, electronic devices, traffic, wind power, etc., and, in the second half of 2018, construction installers showed demand-side performance.
The pace of growth has slowed, and the rate of growth in automobile production has fallen into negative growth zones, adding tariff costs caused by trade frictions between Central America and the United States and the European-American manufacturing industry, pmi, which moved downwards in early 2018 and mid-years, with lower demand for the lower optics being the best and overall weak. The overall price of the fibres has continued to decline, and it has stabilized.
The fall-off in the fourth quarter of 2018, with prices adjusted downward and gradually stabilized around October 2019, followed by a gradual warming of downstream demand in the second half of 2019, with some low-stock manufacturers beginning to raise prices for their products at the end of 2019, but the sudden outbreak of a new coronary epidemic disrupted the pace, and the industry is still at the bottom, owing to the nature of successive production of fibre optics, which has led to another downfall in already stable prices.
Since mid-March 2020, domestic downstream demand has begun to recover at an accelerated pace, and since May, with the revival of the foreign economy, external demand has changed, and the second half of the year has begun to improve marginally.
China ' s giant rock is the world ' s absolute leader in the fibre-optic industry, with strong size advantages that allow companies to lead their business for about five years and cost leads to strong countercyclical capabilities, often sustaining profits at the bottom of the industry. In recent years, there has been a marked increase in the number of high-end varieties, such as wind power and electronic veils, which have led to greater stability in the company ' s performance. The fibre-optic industry is still at the bottom of the landscape, but it needs to be done.
The marginal improvement in the search for solutions has already been demonstrated, and as the largest venturer in the industry, corporate performance will be unleashed with great resilience. The source of Eastern financial and intellectual booms, both domestic and foreign, has been a major recurrent epidemic, trade friction between China and the United States has intensified, downstream demand has not recovered as much as expected, and new production capacity has expanded significantly.
From the beginning of a new cycle of growth, from the source of the financial boom in the east, from the source of the boom in the east.
The source of financial prosperity in the East, China's Great Stone (600176), stands at the beginning of a new growth cycle, Rhodes.
B.C., cfa, three years of experience in the chemical industry. Authors of several leading international academic journals, with 5 national and international patents, first in the international crystals pool in 2017, first in the public list, top in the crystal ball campaign in 2018, second in the analysis of the new wave of gold in 2019, and second in the wealth industry in the east.
Zhao Xin’s research assistant brief analyzes his own research opinion.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice involved. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.