The Centre for Research in Resources and the Environment (CREDES) buys tons (first rating) of China's giant rock, which is the world's largest fibre-optic enterprise.
The company’s performance has been robust, with a 42% compound increase in revenues and a 19% increase in profits over the past decade. In 2017, due to a merger, companies competed with China’s technology, and future competition among their counterparts has helped to improve China’s voice in the fibre-optic industry.
Supply concentration is high and supply and demand patterns are expected to improve: the fibre-optic industry is highly concentrated, the world’s top five business markets, transport, industry, wind power, and so on, and global demand for fibre-optics is about 1.6 times as fast as the gdp. The price of fibre-optics is expected to be at the bottom, and prices are expected to rise: the price of fibre-optics has fallen since it fell in 2018.
We expect to improve the infrastructure of the industry in 2021, the price of fibres, the expected strength of business cooperation, the elasticity of the price of the fibres, the trend in the price of the fibres as the epidemic improves, and the expectation that companies will lead the way in cost and be the world's most profitable: compared to the world's largest producer, Ocv.
The company’s high profitability is mainly due to upstream and downstream integration, sustained product R & D, and excellent cost and cost-control capabilities. Future corporate performance will benefit from price rebounds, productivity growth, higher-end product ratios, and lower costs.
Dingsto. First-time coverage gives a “buy-in” rating. Global economic downside risk, ongoing risk of an overseas epidemic, trade friction risk, exchange rate risk, cost
1) Production and sales forecasts: Based on the progress of construction projects under way, we expect the 2020-2022 production of unalkali-free braided products, based on production data, to produce a price forecast of 1.794 million sales of corporate bra and fibre-optic products over the next three years: we believe that the price of fibre-optics in 2020 will be at the bottom and will improve with supply and demand patterns in 2021.
The price of fibres is expected to pick up, and we expect the cost forecast for 2020-2022 for the sale of company products (excluding taxes): other operations as the Chengdu relocation project and the Qingjiang smart manufacturing project come into operation 4): we assume that other major and other operations will generate a 10 per cent increase in revenue in 2020.
Our view, different from that of the market, which believes that short-term price collapses could trigger a rebound in prices. We believe that leading firms are strong and relatively low-cost and tolerant of falling prices.
For larger SMEs, financing costs are high and production costs are high, and there is less tolerance for falling prices. In November 2019, the Shandong and Tarzan fibres announced price increases, while the Chinese giants of the pioneer company did not participate in the round.
The cost is still some distance from the leading firms. Thus, short-term prices are 30-40% of China’s fibre exports, given the decline in demand. The outbreak of an overseas epidemic began in the second quarter of 2020, with a negative impact on domestic fibre exports. In April 2020, China’s number of fibre exports was 94.4.
If the overseas epidemic turns up well, it is expected to lead to a recovery in the export of the fibres, leading to a rebound in the price of the fibres. The company’s main product is the fibrescoats and products, the periodic shares, and the rise in the price of the fibres are expected to lead to an increase in the share price.
Because of China’s rich resources and low labour costs, China’s global competitiveness of fibre-optic products has led to increased United States and European tariff and double counter-investigation of China’s fibre-optic products. The scope of both counter-investigations is not limited to products originating in China, but also products produced by Chinese firms at their bases abroad.
The uncertainty will affect China’s export of fibre-optic products and the operations of China’s fibre-optic companies abroad.
China’s Great Stones Front is China’s Chemical Building Materials Company Ltd., initiated by China’s Construction Materials Group, China’s limited public administration, Jinseok Group Limited, Jiang So Young United Group, and China’s Construction Materials Company Ltd. As our first mixed ownership companies, the power of the company and the dynamism of the private sector became public.
In April 1999, the company placed its name on the Shanghai Stock Exchange, the first publicly listed department in the bobby industry, and in February 2015, the company’s securities were changed from “China fibre” to “China Stone.”
In the first quarter of 2020, the company had a registered capital of 3,502 million yuan, and China held 26.97 per cent of the company ' s shareholdings in construction materials, the company ' s first shareholder and the actual controlling person was the State Treasury Committee of the State Council.
(hereinafter referred to as “The Giant Stones Group”), North New Technology Development Co. Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “North New Technology”), Giant Stone USA Co. Ltd. and Great Stone India Glass Fibres Ltd. China's Stone and China Jute Group, which were subordinated to China's Building Materials in 2017 as a result of the merger of China's Building Materials and China's Building Materials Group
In 2019, China produced 1.97 million tons of cyborg and products in China, while China produced 890,000 tons of cyborg and products in China.
China’s building materials group produces 2.86 million tons of boars and products, 54% of domestic production and 39% of global production. According to China’s commitment to resolving competition among its peers in 2017, the competition between the two will be resolved in a number of ways in three years from 2017.
1.2 Avoid trade frictions, global production and production companies are mainly involved in the production and sale of fibres and products, the main product being the fibre veil.
At the end of the month, the company owned 21 fibreglass kiln threads (including electronic fabrics) and had a reduced annual output of 2019 in terms of the share of corporate external sales, which was related to trade friction on the one hand, and to the company on the other.
With the launch of the second and third projects in June 2016 and September 2017, Egypt’s annual capacity increased to 200,000 tons, targeting the Middle East, Europe, and India.
In the North American market, in the first quarter of 2017, the company invested in the construction of an annual 80,000-ton fibre-glass-crystal line of production in South Carolina, United States, which was upgraded from the planned 80,000-ton capacity to 96,000-ton capacity, which was set on fire in May 2019. In addition, the company has set up the Great Stone-Indian Glass Fibres Company in India.
The construction of a new 100,000-ton annual baseless fibre-glass-cylinder coil line has not yet started. 1.3 Production capacity has continued to grow, and the business income of the Division of Good Business Performance has for the first time exceeded $10 billion, reaching $10.9 billion in 2019.
In terms of profits (2010-2019), corporate profits increased steadily until 2018, with a net parent gain of 2,374 million yuan in 2018, affected by the increase in domestic production and the decline in external demand in 2019, the fall in the price of the fabric and the fall in corporate profits.
Over the past decade, corporate incomes have increased by 42% and profits by 19%. Income growth on the one hand comes from the expansion of the company’s productive capacity and, on the other, from endogenous growth brought about by cold technology.
Large-scale cold-reflection-related changes. Over the past decade, company production (scene-plus products) has increased from 830,000 tons to 1.97 million tons, with a complex increase of 10 per cent, resulting from the firing of offshore bases, cold-reflection changes initiated in 2013 and launched in 2017.
The cost of companies ' production has shown a downward trend following cold-renovation changes in 2013. The cost of companies ' production increased in 2018, and we believe that the increase is mainly related to product restructuring, with high-end product ratios.
After eliminating the restructuring of the product, we expect the company’s production costs to continue to fall. In 2019, the company adjusted part of the cost of sales to the cost of production, and the cost of sales from 2018 to 2018.
2. Improved supply and demand in the industry, and expected price rebounds 2.1 The substantial expansion of production capacity has ended. The fibre-optic industry itself has certain entry barriers, including technical barriers, financial barriers, brand walls.
The existence of these barriers makes it more difficult for new entrants to compete, competitive firms are more likely to be pushed out of the market, large-scale fibre-optic firms have significant advantages and industries are more concentrated. At the end of 2018, the global fibre-optic industry had a total capacity of about 8.05 million tons, the top five being the largest in China.
Ishie, Owensconin (ovc), Tarzan Fibres, Japanese Electric Nitros (neg) and Chongqing International account for about 64% of the capacity of five companies. China has about 5.45 million tons of total fibres, China ' s giant stones, Taiwan Fibres and Chongqing are the three largest players in the country ' s fibres industry, with three companies producing about 63%, plus Shandong.
In 2019, China produced about 5.27 million tons of fibres, while China’s three largest companies, Great Stone, Tarzan, and Chongqing International, produced about 68%. Both global and domestic markets have a high concentration of production.
With the expansion of the fibre-optic application landscape, downstream demand has increased, leading to the expansion of the production capacity and to high levels of innovation. In 2019, global production of the fibre-optics was estimated at 8.22 million tons (estimated), an increase of 13% over the previous year.
China’s fibre-optic industry, which began in the 1950s, has become the world’s largest producer of fibre-optics by introducing advanced technology from abroad. In 2019, China produced about 5.27 million tons of fibre-optics, an increase of 13 per cent compared to the previous year, with global production accounting for about 64 per cent.
Figure 11: Sustained global production of fibre optics Figure 12: China ' s production of fibre optics has grown rapidly since 2016.
Tens of thousands of tons. Growth in capacity led to a significant increase in production, with domestic production growing by 15% in 2018, the fastest in the last decade. After a significant expansion in 2018, the expansion of the production capacity slowed significantly in 2019, but
The new production capacity in 2018 had an impact on production in 2019, and domestic production of fibres increased in 2019. According to very creative information, in 2019 there were fewer new fires in the country, mainly regenerating from cold-repair techniques, with limited growth in the new production capacity, as a result of the relocation of China's Kishido base and Tarzan Probity Plant.
In the second half of 2019, four production lines were shut down across the country. In 2020, there was another increase in the capacity of the country’s fibre optics, with 360,000 tons of new production, 60,000 tons of new electronic production, and the start of new production was concentrated in the year 2020.
Six months. By December 2019, domestic kiln companies were producing 170,000 tons of net additional capacity, compared to 2021, and another 160,000 tons of capacity could grow by 3.3 per cent (not taking into account the two lines of Chongqing and Jiang Xiaohua).
There is a 4.2 percentage point decline in the speed of growth, and the area of fibre optic applications is extensive, and we refer to data from ocv, 35 per cent in construction, 26 per cent in transport, 13 per cent in industry, 11 per cent in wind and 15 per cent in other areas.
As a result of China’s industrial chain and cost advantages, 30-40% of China’s fibre-optic products are exported each year, which has led overseas countries to double-check China’s fibre-optic products. To avoid the risk of trade friction, Chinese firms have chosen to build plants abroad.
Beginning in the second quarter of 2020, the outbreak of an overseas epidemic had a negative impact on the domestic export of fibres. In April 2020, China ' s export volume index for fibres was 94.4 (compared to 100 in the same period in 2019), with 18.1 drops in the ring relative to the industrial sector, which was more affected by the macroeconomic situation and its market requirements.
The cyclicality is more relevant to the economic cycle. The average global yield increase relative to the gdp increase rate is 1.58 because of the difficulty of tracking down the number of years of actual demand. ocv predicts that global demand for the optics is about 1.6 times the gdp increase.
According to the World Bank ' s Global Economic Outlook, released in June 2020, the global economy, 2020-2021, is one of the most traditional and in demand for fibre optic applications, mainly real estate and infrastructure. In the face of the downward pressure on our economy and the complex and volatile external environment, capital investment is regulated as countercyclical.
Key grabs, capital investments are expected to pick up again in 2020. Fibres are widely used in real estate, including: front-end concrete templates, weighting structures, back-end shower windows, waterproofing materials, exterior walls, etc.
Figure 20: Real estate and capital investment increases rapidly after the outbreak improves Figure 21: Completion of property heating is expected to continue
In the area of transport, the demand for fibres is mainly for car parts, high irons, ships, and highways.
According to China’s Stone announcement, cars will reduce their fuel consumption by 6% for every 10% reduction. In a more environmentally friendly environment, light quantification will be a new direction for the future of the automobile industry.
The combination of materials and aluminum alloys will be the main alternative to future lightly quantified automobiles, with Europe choosing a technology path based on boulders, carbon fibers, and the United States using aluminium alloys. In aggregate, carbon alloys are superior to other materials in light, safe, comfortable, etc., but cost-effective and inefficient processing hinders their large-scale use.
The main factor is that, compared to carbon fibre materials, the fibre-optic material is cheaper but less powerful, and should be used more in decoratives and non-structurals on cars. According to the China Industrial Information Network, only 8% of the country ' s total car parts (mainly fibres) are currently used for plastic modifications, compared to 16% in Europe and the United States.
The rapid growth of new-energy cars further boosts the process of light-quantified cars. The reduction in the weight of new-energy cars not only achieves energy-saving reductions, but also increases the mileage of the voyage, thereby reducing the battery.
In the current context of the high cost of automobile batteries, light quantification is a necessary route to the development of new-energy cars. Although the rate of increase in the sale of new-energy cars slowed in 2019, it was not pessimistic. In December 2019, the Ministry of Trade and Communications published Development Plan for the New-Energy Automobile Industry (2021-).
2035 (for comments), according to the plan, our new energy vehicle sales in 2025 will be 25% of the total vehicle sales in that year. In addition, the European Union will implement stricter emission standards, which will sustain rapid growth in the production of new energy vehicles against the backdrop of a global electric wave.
The automobile industry is an important pillar of the country, and it is highly affected by the epidemic, and the relevant sectors have put in place policies to stabilize and expand automobile consumption. With the gradual release of consumption demand, which has been constrained in the previous period, and the implementation of policies, the country’s domestic situation is expected to recover.
Wind power has been growing rapidly in recent years as an important direction of sustainable development. According to the Arctic Star wind power grid, in 2019, our wind power added a capacity of 28.9gw and accumulated capacity.
238.43gw. As the time node of 2021, “The land wind power project achieves full access to the Internet at a flat price,” approaches, the year 2020 will be the height of the wind engine rig.
Figure 25: The country ' s wind and electrical capacity continues to grow, and compared to the fibre-clothing, the fibre-clothing is a better insulation-based fabric, which is used to produce the core building blocks of the circuit board (pcb) - the production of the coatings, the market for which is more homogeneous.
The filament, which accounts for about 25-40% of the cost of the coatings, is an important raw material for the preparation of pcb, and its demand is widely applied downstream in the pcb pcb industry, and can be seen in the electronic-linked industry as well as at the consumer end, so the market is huge. The highest proportion of downstream applications in pcb is in computers and mobile phones.
There are consumer electronics, auto electronics, communications, etc., which together account for more than 83% of the market. In the future, the development of 5g commercial and automobile electronics will drive continued growth in the pcb industry. 2.3 Prices are at the bottom of the cycle and flexible release of improved layout demand.
When the production line opens, it takes 8 to 10 years to produce continuously, and it is difficult to reduce load-adjusted production in mid-way, so the supply of the fibre is weak. When demand improves, prices become more elastic because of the rigidity of the supply; when demand falls, the kiln is unable to shut down, leading to an increase in stocks, which rises to a certain level.
The price is now down to stock. The increase in supply since 2019, as a result of the concentration of new production capacity in 2018, has led to a steady fall in the price of the collage and electronic veil, a negative increase in income and profit growth in the fibre-optics sector in 2019, and an increase in inventory turnover in leading enterprises in 2019.
Figure 26: Coarse prices continue to fall Figure 27: Electronic sand prices continue to fall for leading firms on the one hand, with strong financial resources and relatively low costs on the other.
For small and medium-sized enterprises, financing costs are high and production costs are biased, and China’s flagship giants are not involved in this round. From a cost perspective, the price of unalkalied coils (4,100 yuan in November 2019) has fallen to the full cost of Shandong fibre (2019).
H1 is at a total cost of $3790.33, and it's a certain distance from the cost of China's giant stones. As a result, when demand falls, it is difficult to jointly raise prices between leading firms.
The production process is similar, the two products need to be produced continuously for 8-10 years after start-up, and it is difficult to stop production, and the kiln needs cold-renovation after 8-10 years. In the first quarter of 2020, the glass industry is growing in the context of continuous production, as the epidemic has had an impact on demand.
In this period, the Glass Association called for a joint reduction in production in the industry, but the joint reduction was not implemented because of cost differences between firms. In this case, part of the production line that was about to reach the cold hour was cold.
After April-May, as the domestic epidemic subsided, the demand for glass improved, while the capacity of production contracted, and the stock of glass was turned around. Under the wrong mix of supply and demand, the glass industry chose to go to the stock by increasing prices. In July 2020, the glass industry in China’s medium-sized areas of North China, China, China, China, China, China, China and China were in the mountains.
In three months, the price of glass not only repaired the fall in previous prices, but also the glass futures, which have reached a new high of almost five years. We believe that the current fibre optics situation is similar to that of the glass industry.
There has been no significant improvement in demand in the fibre-optics sector, the accumulation of business stocks and the continuous fall in prices, and current prices have fallen near the cost line, with limited scope for further decline. As prices continue to hover at the bottom, some high-yielding productive capacity may be cut off in the short term by cold-repair.
The price of the veil will continue to hover at the bottom. In 2021, we expect a 3.3 per cent increase in domestic supply, a 11 per cent increase in demand, an improvement in the basics of the industry, and a rise in the price of the fibre. As a result of the industry’s entry and its concentration, demand is expected to rise in the middle-head business collaboration, the price elasticity of the fibre is expected to increase.
Figure 31: The stock of glass production lines peaked in April 2020. 3. Cost advantages stand out, moving to higher end and intelligence.
3.1 Global cost leads, leading the transformation of the bobble industry. The company was one of the first private fibre-optic companies to be established in the country. Through forward-looking strategic leadership, the company is more advanced and more robust at every major node than its competitors.
A kiln production line began to extend in 1995 and was marketed in 1999 after the 1998 mixed ownership reform. With capital market forces, companies achieved the largest capacity in the country in 2008 and started upgrading product structures and glass formulations. In 2012, companies began to internationalize.
This forward-looking strategy is reflected at the operational level, where companies are more profitable than competitors.
In 2019, the Māori rate was higher than the ocv13 percentage points and pre-tax profit rate was higher than ocv19 percentage points, compared to the ocv. The advantages of China ' s Probex enterprises compared to overseas companies were as follows: (1) raw materials: lasagna is the primary raw material of the fibres, and China ' s reserves are full.
The goal is 30%: (2) human cost: continuous production of the fibre-optic production line, sufficient labour force and relatively low human output in China; (3) technological innovation: fibre-optic enterprises need research and development and technological innovation, China has advanced Bolivia formulations, autonomous lubricant development, etc., as a result of international competitiveness.
Shut down local plants and build them in China, or commission Chinese firms to work for them.
In 2019, the Māori rate of the company was 4 percentage points higher than the Tarzan fibre, and the net interest rate was 6 percentage points higher than the Tarzan fibre. We believe that the reasons for the high profitability of the company are three main points: (1) from the point of view of the industrial chain, the company achieves upstream-downstream integration and enhances bargaining power upstream-downstream;
(2) From the point of view of the product, achieve a breakthrough in product upscaling through glass formulations and leachate formulations and increase product prices; (3) from the point of view of cost, companies take advantage of cold-renovation opportunities, increase the size of kilns, reduce unit costs, reduce labour costs and blend all through intelligent production, increase labour productivity
Subsidy and endorsement by firms reduces the cost of financing, and mechanisms for private firms increase their cost and cost-control capabilities. As firms integrate upstream and downstream industrial chains, their stock turnover is lower than that of their major competitors, but their accounts receivable turnover is higher than that of their major competitors.
Figure 36: Corporate stock turnover is lower than competitors Figure 37: Corporate accounts receivable turnover is higher than competitors ' 3.2 industrial chain consolidation to enhance bargaining power
Upstream control of resources to reduce procurement costs Production costs of fibre optics include direct materials dominated by flask, stone sand, leachate, energy power dominated by natural gas, electricity, depreciation of houses, combined loss and loss, and leaking board processing costs
Leafstone is the main raw material for the production of fibres, concentrated in Zhejiang and Fujian, with a resource reserve of about 80% in the two provinces. The company is located in Zhejiang, where the local resources are abundant and the distance of transport is short, and the price of the lance is lower than that of the competitor.
The price of stones is $429.85 per ton, 165.15 per ton lower than the price of Thai optics. Natural gas is the main source of energy for the production of bovine optics, and companies ensure lower prices for natural gas through competitive negotiations, multi-ratio and long-form unilateral approaches.
The price of natural gas is $2.54/m3 for Shandong and 2.02/m3 for corporate natural gas, which is lower than that of the main competitor.
The company holds 100% of the share in the diamond-processing alloy spill. At the same time, it recovers used metal leakboards and kiln bricks, extracts and recovers the gold from it.
In order to meet the needs of downstream customers and improve the match between the fibres and the resins, the company built 100,000 tons in 2016.
Saturated polyester resin production lines, which provide a composite solution for "boil + resin" composite materials. At the same time, the Department acquired a share of the largest global megawatt wind blade manufacturing enterprise in the country.
This process can be accelerated by working with downstream firms, as the products enter the downstream customer supply chain.
Increased R & D inputs, high-end products, product high-end products, have always been corporate development strategies, and high-end product structures can avoid the price drops associated with low-end excess capacity. It also helps to make downstream customers more sticky.
Tons of electronic gauze projects, counting the 450,000 tons of capacity that have been built up by the giant stone climbing, will increase to 225,000 tons in the future. According to project returns disclosed by the company, the post-partum profitability of three phases of the projects (the profit was affected by the concentration of new production capacity in 2018, and the price of the fibres continued to fall, but the high end product continued to fall.
As of July 17, 2020, prices for three products fell by 23 per cent, 16 per cent and 9 per cent, respectively, compared to early 2019.
For example, as of 17 July 2020, the price of the three products fell by 21 per cent from the beginning of 2019.
The average sales price of company products in 2019 was 6006 yuan per ton, a 5.6 per cent decline in the same year, and the price drop was much lower than that of ordinary products, which indicates that the company’s high-end strategy is continuing to move forward. As compared to competitors, the price of company products is slightly lower than that of company fibres, as the share of the company’s products is higher than the share of the company’s products.
In 2019, research and development (R & D) investments were 2.71% lower than the Changhai shares (4.12%) and the Shandong fibre (3.16%), but with the company’s revenue going up by 10 billion, the company’s output is still growing.
In absolute terms, therefore, the R & D input of Shandong Bo and Long Sea shares is not the same as that of the company, and the contribution of R & D investment to the cost reduction is also evident in the ratio of high-end products. The company’s fibre line uses the most advanced pure oxygen-burning kilns, reducing the energy consumption to 0.6 tons of coal/tons of coal.
Under the veil, less than the industry average energy consumption of 0.4 tons of coal/tons; pure oxygen combustion technology and new asteron-free fluorine-free glass formulas can reduce the volume and cost of production of stone. From the number of patents applied by companies and the number of patents granted, the number of patents applied by companies is far from that of companies.
More than competitors, the number of authorized patents is slightly lower than the number of medium-tech technology. Since Tysan fibres are China-Technology subsidiaries, China-Technology, in addition to the production of fibres, wind leaves and lithium diaphragms, the number of patents and patents obtained are only considered in China-Technology-Technology fibres, i.e., Thai-Technology fibres.
The development and application of glass formulations and leachate is an important factor in raising the market presence of fibre-optic companies.
Technology acquisition affects not only the quality of products, but also high-performance fibre-glass formulations e6 and e7 series products developed by companies on their own, e8 products that are produced efficiently on a ton-scale kiln, breaking technical bottlenecks in industry in high-model glass kiln production.
The use of unique glass formulations has significantly improved anti-corrosive performance in a variety of environments, particularly in acidic environments, so that e8 applies to areas with special environmental requirements, such as environmental treatment, chemical protection, desalination. e8 also has a higher volume and strength, mechanics, size stability, resistance.
Weaknesses are better. They can be widely applied to large wind blades, high pressure containers for military industry, aviation, etc. Laboratory studies of the e9 glass formula were completed in 2018, resulting in a further improvement of the technological reserve.
Product development and industry consolidation. Chart 49: e8 softening point temperature is higher at 3.4 degrees of cost reduction
It's built from fire-resistant materials, which are gradually eroded under long-term high-temperature operations, which require cold repair.
As a result of continuous technological innovation and R & D inputs, companies have achieved new technological results in various processes, such as appliance, kilns, lesbians, and products, cold repair is the best time to implement technological adaptations that reduce costs and restructure the product structure. Based on the company ' s non-public disclosure data in 2015, the 2014 single item
With the relocation of the capital base in 2020 and the start of a new round of cold repairs in 2022, there is still room for future reductions in corporate costs. The company has been working on large-scale tank kiln production, taking advantage of cold-renovation opportunities to upgrade its single-line production.
Ten thousand tons, with an average single-line capacity of 10,06 million tons, and the production capacity of the Xijiang 1 production line of 200,000 tons. Tarzan's fibre optics, with an average single-line capacity of about 50,60 million tons, are far below the single-line size of the giant rock.
The cost of labour is about 15-20% of the cost of production of fibres. In order to reduce the cost of labour and improve quality, companies have introduced intelligent manufacturing earlier in the industry. We see that the company ' s capacity and output are continuing to innovate, but the number of employees is relatively stable. In 2019, companies generated 920,000 yuan per person, compared to 2010.
In terms of the operation of the first 150,000 tons of sophisticated manufacturing lines, the indicators are based on traditional production lines. It often takes one month after the traditional production lines are set on fire to reach their production targets.
With the upgrading of product structures, high-end products have been placed. The first 150,000 tons of coarse smart production lines have been built at the Kiryu village base, along with 180,000 tons of electronic gauze projects to achieve product high-end. Through smart manufacturing, companies have raised labour productivity and upgraded product structures.
Figure 53: Sustained per-capita income generation and per-capita production growth
In late 2019, companies received $4,176 million in bank letters, with $13,361 million in letters and sufficient amounts.
During this period, Tarzan was granted a bank letter of 11,494 million yuan, using a letter of credit of 5,353 million yuan. In terms of short-term coupons, China’s Great Stone debt costs less than the same Chinese technology as the company’s actual control.
1.6%, on 20 May 2020, China ' s T-Technology Super-Long-Long-Long-Long-Lib rate was 1.9%, with only seven days before and after issuance, and Chinese T-Tech cost 30bps higher than China ' s Big Stone.
From the perspective of equity financing, the company is the first listed company in the bovine industry to use capital and market financing for expansion and technological change. Other firms have experienced relatively slow expansion and technological change due to financial problems.
According to the company's response to the investors' platform, the company's output will increase from 220,000 tons to 250,000 tons.
The Chengdu line will be operational in the second half of 2020, reducing production by more than 100,000 tons during the start of production. We have a website news site where we have set fire to 2 rounds of a 150,000-ton brag project on the smart manufacturing of the Kiryu village base, and we assume that the contribution will be 375,000 tons in 2020 and 11.25 million tons in 2021.
Three new electronic production lines were added to the base: the first in 2019, the second in 2020, the second in 2021, the second in 2020, the second in 2021, the second in 2021, and the second in 2022.
2) Production and sales forecasts: based on the progress of construction projects under way, we expect no-alkali braid production for 2020-2022, and based on production data, the sales volume of corporate bra and fibre products for the next three years is 1.794 million.
Price projections: We believe that the price of the fibres will be at the bottom in 2020 and that, as supply and demand patterns improve in 2021, the price of the fibres are expected to rebound, and we expect the price of the company ' s products (without taxes) to be sold in 2020-2022.
Other business: we assume that other major and other operations will grow by 10 per cent in 2020, that enterprises, the world ' s leading and most profitable producers, are one of the core assets of a construction materials industry, and that the previous round of price increases for fibre optics began in early September 2017 and ended in early November 2018.
The price of 2400tex entangled in the direct veil rose from $4150 to $5150, a 24% rebound. In this case, the pe valuation of the nation's troll rose from 16x to 27x, with a valuation centre of 19.2x. We believe that the price of the fibres is about to end, with prices likely to rise in 2021 as demand and supply improves.
Global economic downside risks: broad downstream use, high macro-economic linkages, and continued global economic downturns can affect the demand for the downside and have a negative impact on prices. Continued risk of an overseas epidemic: China exports about 30% of domestic production and overseas epidemics
Continued growth can affect exports from industries and exacerbate excess domestic markets. Trade friction risks: the US imposes tariffs on Chinese exports, the EU conducts double-checks on products originating in China and Egypt, and the escalation of global trade friction affects the competitiveness of fibre-optic products.
Exchange-rate risk: foreign currency settlement for company exports, exchange rate fluctuations in the renminbi have a higher-cost risk for income and profits: large amounts of electricity, gas and chemical support are required in the production of fibre-optics, and higher prices for raw materials may lead to higher company costs.
Equity pledge risk: The second largest shareholder, Zhenshi Group, had 481 million shares in undeposited pledges. 13.74 per cent of total equity and 88.12 per cent of its holdings.