Cost advantages are strong, performance will run to events: the company released its semi-annual report for 2020, with a revenue of $4,892 million during the reporting period, sales are rising backwards, and cost controls are still excellent
The company’s share of the market has increased further by the same year, with net profits of 2,442 million yuan and 310 million yuan, respectively, in 2020q1. In the first half of the year, the country’s downstream, represented by capital and wind power, continued to be characterized by a relatively high rate of increase in intra-company sales.
As a result of the application of the new revenue guidelines to corporate finance starting in 2020, the former part of the cost of sales was reclassified to battalion, mainly as a result of the reclassification of the former part of the cost of sales to operating costs; the administrative cost rate was 8.86 per cent.
This represents an increase of 0.65 per cent, mainly as a result of the increase in the total remuneration of employees, depreciation, etc.; the accelerated rebalancing of supply and demand in the financial sector by 2020h2 and the full benefit of the front line.
100,000 tons. But the growth in total capacity has slowed significantly in 2019 and 2020, and there has even been a decline in monthly capacity. Overall, supply is manageable and demand is rising, and the impact of the additional marginality of capacity is that we believe that the situation of excess supply in the industry is expected to continue to improve since the second half of 2020.
In terms of prices, 2019 q4 braid prices have stopped, and prices for high-end products like electronic veils have started to rise from the bottom. The industry has seen a structural increase in prices since 2020 q2 and is expected to be higher and higher.
The industry as a whole will come to the point of price by first raising the prices associated with the downstream landscape. The company’s high-end products, such as wind, hot plastic, electronic veils, account for nearly 70% of the total, is more resilient and will be further optimized in the future.
The competitive advantage in a market environment characterized by strong competitive edges, such as t-costs, t-nets, etc. In a context of increased competition in low-end markets and higher losses for backward firms, industry clearance has begun to accelerate, and firms have benefited most significantly.
On June 9, 2020, the company’s head office’s smart manufacturing base produced 150,000 tons of alkaline per year.
Lines were set on fire and completed in July; 130,000 tons of production line per year were set on fire on 23 July following the relocation of Chengdu, and the remaining 120,000 tons of production line will be set on fire at 2020q4.
The foundation for this is the “smart manufacturing” strategy. For example, in the case of Chengdu’s relocation of the production line, the project is another fully intelligent production base for the company, which will be based on four world standards: smart equipment, smart logistics, intelligent work, and intelligent quality.
The new project creates favourable conditions not only for upgrading equipment and technology, but also for increasing the proportion of higher-end product structures in the future. Therefore, we believe that companies expand on the basis of intelligence.
Firms have strong cost advantage barriers, and the industry’s cold winter recession has increased its market share. The short-term boom in the fibre optics sector is close, and firm performance elasticity will be fully released; and medium- and long-term industry supply ends.
Continued improvement, broad demand-side space upwards, corporate technological advances and fluctuations in overseas demand; new production capacity not being as high as expected; lower efficiency gains not being as expected; 1. Reverse growth in sales, and cost controls remain excellent
In the first half of the year, the country’s downstream, represented by capital and wind power, continued to experience a relatively rapid increase in intra-company sales.
As a result of the application of new revenue guidelines to corporate finance starting in 2020, the reclassification of part of the former sales costs to operating costs, a cost rate of 8.86 per cent, an increase of 0.65 per cent over the same period, mainly due to increases in gross employee remuneration, depreciation, etc.; and a financial cost rate of 5.05 per cent, an increase of 0.24 per cent over the same period, which remained essentially the same as the previous year, an increase in interest-bearing liabilities and a decrease in financing interest rates
Figure 4. Māori rates and net interest rate changes in Figure 3
Figure 7 Corporate semi-annual capital expenditure (millions of yuan) Figure 8 Company inventory swing days and accounts receivable swing days 2. Industry 2020h2 accelerated and rebalancing supply and demand to fully sustain absconded
We are the world’s largest producer of fibre optics, and the demand side is affected by both domestic and external demand. In 2019, we exported 1.54 million tons of fibre optics and products, accounting for about 30% of total production. The impact of external demand cannot be ignored.
Since the epidemic abroad has not yet reached a significant point of turn, we believe that the impact of the epidemic on national economies will not be fully eliminated in the short term, adding to the increased uncertainty of the international political environment, and that it will be difficult to recover significantly at the end of the second half of this year.
As a result, 70% of domestic demand will be a determinant of demand in the short term for the bobble industry.
It's starting to recover significantly; building materials will remain relatively high in the second half of the year after the warming of real estate data; and cars are in the bottom of the cycle rebound. In terms of core demand indicators for the main downstream industry, the demand for the fabric is strongly supported in the second half of the year.
Figure 12: Production of our copper plates, Chart 11: Capacity of our wind and power units, Chart 13: New construction is still on the way up.
Figure 14 Our auto industry is in the bottom of the rebound phase, and we have a new building area (millimeters) and we have a monthly vehicle production rate (millimeters)
In 2018, the country’s production capacity in the fibre-optic industry was intensive, increasing by more than 100,000 tons by January. But, according to the performance in 2019 and 2020, the increase in total capacity has slowed significantly, and even declined monthly capacity.
Oversupply in the industry is expected to continue to improve in the second half of 2020. A delay in the release of demand in 2020 will reduce the pace and magnitude of price rebounds.
On the price side, 2019q4 braid prices have stopped, and prices for high-end products like electronic veils have started to rise from the bottom. A structural increase in 2020q2 is expected for high-end products and fibre-optic products associated with the downwinds of high-stakes.
The price rises first, leading the industry as a whole to a price bump.
We believe that, at this stage in the industry, the leading firms, represented by China’s Great Stone, will benefit fully. Structurally, the price of the fabric was generally downed in 2019, with low-end products being the most affected, with higher-end prices relatively strong.
Moreover, industry has for many years developed strong cost-consumption barriers, and the competitive advantage is further highlighted in the market environment in which the industry is moving at a low profile. We believe that the winding-down phase of the Probarian industry will accelerate industry clearance, and that leading firms are expected to take full advantage of their advantages and continue to expand their market share.
Building on “intelligent manufacturing”, capacity continued to expand. On 9 June 2020, the company's head office's smart manufacturing base set fire to 150,000 tons of alkaline per year, which was fully operational in July; and on 23 July, after the relocation of Chengdu, the 130,000 tons per year production line was set on fire.
At a time when the industry is in a relatively low state, the Department is still steadily moving forward with the process of productive investment, based on a strategy of “intellectual manufacturing.” Using Chengdu as an example, the project is another fully intelligent production base that will follow the world.
The new project creates favourable conditions not only for upgrading equipment and technology, but also for increasing the proportion of higher-end product structures in the future.
An expansion based on intelligentness will consolidate its own cost advantage in the short term, long-term to capture the savings of high-end markets 4. Prospectives and investment proposals. Firm cost advantage barriers exist for companies, which have increased their market share in the short term as a result of the cold winter downturn in the industry.
The elasticity of the company's performance will be fully released by the impending turning point in the bobble industry; sustained improvements in the supply side of the industry in the medium to long term and a broad upward trend in demand, with companies expected to open up to fluctuations in overseas demand based on their technological advances and cost-control advantages; new productive capacity will not be invested as expected; and efficiency gains will not be realized as expected.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of these messages or that the information and recommendations contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not had, do not have had, do not have had, and will not have received any form of direct or indirect recommendations or views in the present report.