Copper mausoleum coloured (000630) non-ferrous metals with a significant increase in performance of 2018h1 and increased profitability at the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
Events: The company published its semi-annual report in 2018, which achieved business income of $40.72 billion in the first half of 2018, an increase of 6.3 per cent; the net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies of $410 million, an increase of 74.4 per cent in the same year; the production performance was good and performance increased significantly.
(1) During the same period last year, the company ' s main smelters, the gold crown copper industry and the gold bronze industry, stopped manufacturing, with some negative effects on the production of the main products. The production of the 2018h1 company, which produces copper concentrate, contains copper, cathode copper, copper processing materials 26, 65.0 and 165,000 tons, respectively, were completed
The price of copper concentrates and cathode copper fell slightly, by 2.2% and 1.7% respectively, but in copper processing, the closure of 400,000 tons of production capacity at the largest smelter in India led to an increase in the cost of copper concentrate processing, and to an increase in corporate copper processing. The domestic copper concentrate rc rose by 12.9% compared to April, leading to an increase in performance.
• The increase in the third fee was larger, the increase in operating costs was lower than the increase in revenue and the increase in corporate profitability. The higher increase in public finance costs was due mainly to the increase in the size of the company’s loans and the impact of currency exchange losses. In addition, the increase in current company costs was lower than the increase in revenue, and the Māori rate of sales continued to rise from 5.04 per cent in the first quarter.
In the case of home-grown mines, the company owns 54,000 tons of copper minerals per year as it reaches production. In the case of copper, the company produces 20,000 tons per year of high-precision storage and uses ultra thin electronic copper. In the first phase of the project, the company produces 30,000 tons per year of copper processing, with phase 2 of the project expected by the end of 2019.
The company currently has the largest shareholder, the non-ferrous Metals Group Holdings Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as the non-ferrous holdings), with a holding ratio of around 39.55%, while under coloured flags, in addition to bronze mares, have bronze crown machines, bronze crowns with non-ferrous metals,
The bronze masonry is the largest state enterprise in Angké province, with high-quality assets, such as the Academy of Colored Design. The bronze magnate is a large all-industry copper production company that collects, smelts, processes, trades as one, covering copper mining selection, smelting, and deep processing of copper, and is a non-ferrous metal industry and a basic raw material industry.
The main product, cathode copper, is an important basic raw material and strategic material, which is widely used in a variety of fields, such as electricity, construction, automobiles, appliances, electronics, and defense. After many years of development, the company has concentrated on doing a great deal of good around the main industry. The company’s main product production capacity has been increasing, with copper smelting reaching 1.35 million tonnes per year, and copper deep-processed complex products reaching 400,000 tonnes per year.
The company’s main products include cathode copper, copper processing, and gold, silver, sulfuric acid, and iron-suggested sand from the smelting process. The production and sale of cathode copper is the company’s current dominant business, operating in two ways:
The business involves the entire copper extraction process. Figure 1: Copper extraction process
Smelting of copper raw materials: Under this business approach, the company sells it out either by extra-purchase of copper concentrate, refined into cathode, or by extra-purchase of copper into cathode. 2 Company performance: gradually improving performance.
In 2015, the world economy was in deep adjustment, with countries such as Europe and the United States maintaining a weak recovery, and the domestic economy entering a new normal, with increased downward pressure. The bulk of commodities, represented by copper, fell considerably, and the prices of other corporate staples, gold and silver, fell somewhat in the first half of the year because of sulphur.
The rise in acid prices, the maintenance of high processing fees, and negative shifts in domestic and foreign copper prices have kept the company’s overall business performance steady for the first half of the year. The devaluation of the renminbi in the second half has led to higher exchange losses, as well as the decline in precious metals, such as cathode copper, gold and silver, sulphuric acid and iron ore, the main products, to varying degrees, and the first loss since the company was listed.
In 2017, China ' s economy was smooth and moderate, and economic growth was better than expected, with the impact of multiple factors, such as labour disputes in mines abroad, changes in domestic copper imports, and a year-round rise in copper prices, which continued the rebound that began in the fourth quarter of 2016. The weight of the price has been rising, gradually moving away from the downward trend that has continued since 2011. In 2017, the average annual copper prices rose in comparison with the previous year.
During the year, despite the adverse effects of major profit-making units such as the gold crown copper industry, the continuous overhaul of the gold bronze industry, the closure of the gold smelting plant and the lack of production time, the company seized the opportunity for a return to the warmer market, sustained production and increased efficiency, leading to a similar and substantial increase in the overall performance of the company.
Tons, which account for about 16 per cent of the domestic market for the same industry, and cathode copper production, which has been a leader in the country for many years in a row.3 Performance analysis for the first half of the year: volume increases boosted in the first half of the year, companies achieved business income of $40.72 billion in the first half of 2018, an increase of 6.3 per cent over the same period; and it was attributed to the shares of listed companies.
The net profit of the East was $410 million, an increase of 74.4 per cent over the same period, while the net profit of the company ' s parent in the first half of the year increased significantly, mainly because of the shutdown of the company ' s main smelters, the gold crown copper industry and the gold bronze industry, during the same period last year.
The production of copper concentrates containing 26 tons of copper, 65 million tons of copper, and 165,000 tons of copper processing materials, respectively, completed year-round guidelines for the q2 battalion by 29.6 per cent and the mother net profit ring by 3.5 per cent. Although the price of q2 copper concentrates and cathode copper is small, the price of q2 copper rises by 3.5 per cent.
In the case of copper processing, which was affected by the closure of 400,000 tons of manufacturing capacity of the largest smelter in India, the copper concentrate processing fee rose, and the copper processing business of the company grew. The domestic copper concentrate rc rose by 12.9 per cent compared to April, resulting in a larger three-point increase in performance, a lower operating cost than the increase in revenue and an increase in corporate profitability.
Of the 12.7%, 10.7%, 138.7% increase in use, management costs, financial costs, respectively, the higher financial costs are due mainly to the increase in the size of the company’s loans and the impact of exchange losses. Moreover, the current cost increases for companies are lower than the increase in revenue, assuming that the company’s copper processing capacity is 40,000 tonnes/year by the end of 1:2019.
Assumption 2: With the exception of the cobrepanama copper mine (capable of 320,000 tonnes/year), which will be in production globally in 2018, there will be virtually no new large mining projects by 2020. The increase in copper supply slowed, with the demand for copper downstream showing a stable pattern, with a small increase in the annual gross domestic product of copper at 4.8%, 5.1% and 5.5%, respectively.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.