On December 29, 2022, the YIX announced on December 27, 2022 that the MDI project would be co-located with fully-funded subsidiaries.
The new high-end, safety-series chip development and industrialization project, the vehicle-car control chip development and the UPV (002049) industrialization project, implemented by the chip electron, was changed to the high-speed radio frequency-module conversion chip series and ancillary to the full-source subsidiary Shenzhen emblem.
Clock series development and industrialization project, “New high-performance video processor series development and industrialization project” and “Construction of building complexes for scientific and technological production”
There is no current demand for large capacity, multi-application, multi-interface interfaces for end-safe sequence interfaces, and vehicle control, practice number: s150052290001, is under greater pressure for roll-out of the chip market.
The high-speed radio-frequency mode conversion project is intended to take advantage of the technology and management advantages available to the company and to break through the bottlenecks in product development.
Develop high-speed radio frequency mode converters and key technologies for accompanying clocks. The current company ' s generic model converter product is concentrated mainly in the field of multichannel low-speed, high-precision, medium-speed, medium-precision, high-frequency sampling rates and high-frequency sampling performance, reduction of conversion delays, adaptation to jesd 204b protocols, and provides high-speed conversion and low-delay time transfer.
In addition, the high-performance video processor project uses open-source kernels to develop innovative and autonomous video processing structures to fill the gap in the market for high-end radio-frequency mode converters.
The introduction of open source safe core gaps in video processor chips helps companies to seize the opportunity of high end chip nationalization to promote long-term sustainable and stable business growth. With the completion of the project, the high-speed radio frequency mode converter and the high-performance video processor series of chips will be driven separately.
With $175/378 million a year in revenue, we see that, in the light of the current trend of alternative development for national production in the special sector, horizontal expansion of products through investment projects and the ongoing upgrading of performance under R & D have further opened the profit margin.
Risk factors: less productive capacity built than expected; less developed product technology.
Mowenwoo, University of Florida, University of the United States. Master of Electronic Engineering, working in the Yangtze Securities Study, 2012-2022, was partially unregarded and unreconciled, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views contained in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and guidance in making investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and duties. This report is made available only to the specific client mentioned above, and is not made available to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in the present report are only dated from the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
A special notice may not be issued in respect of letters of credit securities for studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.