In recent days, the 16th China Public Values Forum, hosted by the Securities Times, revealed the list of winners of the 16th China Public Values Award.
For 16 consecutive years, China’s Listed Company Values Award has become one of the most influential competitions in the field of listed companies. Winning top 100 companies on the Board highlights the strength of companies.
Recently, the 16th China Public Company Values Forum, hosted by the Securities Times, was held in the form of a meta-cosmos and revealed the list of winners of the 16th China Public Values Award. The Purple Kwan won the 100th Award, a big prize that fully reflects capital.
Market recognition of corporate profitability, corporate governance, platform values, etc., as one of the largest integrated circuit design companies in the country, the company is at the forefront of the industry in such areas as special integrated circuits, smart safety chips, stone crystal frequency devices, semiconductor power devices, etc.
The semi-annually disclosed performance with chips, system solutions and innovation terminals has continued to grow, and we believe that the company will continue to benefit from the release of downstream equipment requirements and the replacement of national production with the strength of the demand for high-speed defence information.
In the first half of the year, performance continued to be strong, and the participating subsidiary, Purple and Light, performed well. At the income end, special integrated circuits achieved operating revenues of 1.953 billion (+42.54 per cent) in the first half of the year.
The chip operation achieved operating income of 803 million (+4.11 per cent) and benefited from a rising share of the overseas market, with a revenue of 27.66 per cent, net profit of 527 million (+11.6 per cent), a significant increase of 11.97 per cent to 41.66 per cent in the Māori rate and a rapid increase in the share of the predominantly Simca overseas to raise the overall Māori level.
As a result of the increase in the amortization of intangible assets by Zhang Shijie, the share-in-the-stock company, the same-sight growth was more than expected, contributing $9.31684 million in investment earnings to the company.
Purple co-generation yields 723 million yuan (+20.791 per cent) and net profits of 316 million yuan (+255.17 per cent). Substream demand for special integrated circuit operations is strong, sustained product convergence is consolidated. Special integrated circuit demand continues to grow, with a 7.5 per cent increase in revenue, and product spectrums are further improved.
fpga products. The company has launched a new low-power fpga series of 2 x nanometers, further developed the product type, and the new generation of 1xnm higher-performance fpga products is well under way. 2) Special storage units. Continue to maintain a well-established and technologically advanced lead in the country.
Flush, new storage devices, etc. 3. Network bus, interface products. City occupancy continues to be a leader, while new bus products will be launched. 4) Special Sopc. Full roll-out into public goods, market share expanding rapidly. 6) High-speed radio adc, new isolation chip, etc.
The new product is expected to be a new growth point of the company during the 14th Five-Year Plan, with a steady growth in smart security chip operations, and a new curve in the performance of car chip 1. Communications chip. The company continues to be deeply involved in China's move to a new generation of super Sim chips, which support 5g, digital currency, and numbers.
The demand for innovative applications, such as word identity, represents the trend in the production of sim card products; companies provide a rich product selection for the global communications chip market, and in the first half of the year, China launched the first two-model network, China Connect 5 Gesim, to fill the gap in the area of esim for 5g technology, which is important for the full integration of 5g technologies in key industries.
2) Car Code Safety Chips. Corporate Car Code Safety Chips are part of a car network application scenario, which has now imported a large number of cars and delivered small quantities of goods, and has been used in a variety of programs, such as digital car keys, car-mounted Esim. We believe that, in view of the 14th Five-Year Plan Framework and the global situation in the automobile industry, national product plates urgently need high-quality, alternative national product code security chips as a safety chip with a 20-year financial class.
In the reporting period, the stock of companies increased by 60.19 per cent, from $284 million in raw materials to 5.106 per cent in products and products.
Reserve production, coupled with an increase in the size of the company's integrated circuit operations and an increase in the volume of inventory and strategic supplies. This is currently considered to be a relatively reasonable level; Advances from companies amounting to $533 million, an increase of 78.85 per cent over the same period, predicting a sustained release of subsequent company performance. The company's increased size of integrated circuit operations, increased profits from companies and increased sales returns have led to an increase in operating cash flows of 101.75 per cent over the same year, and improved cash flows have continued to be positive.
• Strengthening R & D to break through key technologies and forge operations to protect the city’s rivers by billions of dollars. As the company develops its business, R & D inputs will grow. According to the report, R & D inputs are mainly for “special integrated circuit R & D projects” (development expenditure of $263 million), “high-end smart chip R & D projects” (development expenditure of 185 million), and “semiconductor power unit research and development projects” (development support).
With 194 million dollars), “electronic parts and other projects” (development expenditure of $16 million), companies have continued to increase their R & D investment to provide adequate guarantees for product upgrading and research and development of new products.
The company’s capital is expected to operate in an orderly manner with the release of the company’s debt risk. In 2021, the company issued a transferable debt of $1.5 billion for new high-end safety chip development and industrialization projects and vehicle-borne control chip development and development.
Industrialization projects, with 21.13% and 29.19% of their project investment, respectively. Carborne control chips are one of the company’s most important business directions in the future, with high barriers to industry. The product is now on track at the entire factory, is progressing well, and is expected to be completed this year. As the process of project R & D and industrialization is well under way, key technology development and industrialization are on the ground, and future market penetration in high-end chips is expected to increase further.
The competition is expected to increase further.  (Billions of yuan, left axis) Figure 4: Māori rate and net interest rate increases are evident
Figure 3: Percentage of special integrated circuit operations gradually increasing Figure 5: Cost for the period Figure 6: Accounts receivable and inventory swing days
• Investment advice and profit forecasting will increase the company’s core competitiveness and profitability as future demand for electronic information on defence equipment is released, and the construction of the network and cloud computing is accelerated, the company’s business is becoming more well organized, the project’s production continues to be mobilized, and the car chip continues to break through.
The report is presented independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I have committed to report are derived from compliance channels and the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional integrity and professional competence.
A description of the securities investment consultancy business, according to the China Securities Commission ' s Licence to Run Securities (z23834000), gives S.E.S.C.S.C.C.C.C.A. certificate of approval from the CSRC.
A securities advisory service is a basic form of business in which securities investors or clients are the recipients of relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority, i.e. the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related influences of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, or securities-related products.