The performance has continued to increase, with a special ic leader, on November 09, 2022: 3rd Quarterly Report 2022 was released on October 28th, in the first 3rd quarter of 2022.
\triangleright Downstream high winds persist and 3q22 returns are re-innovated. \triangleright benefits from the demand for special downstream industries. \triangleright
The boom and further easing of corporate production bottlenecks led to a record high q3 earnings and profits growth in 2022. The 3q22 Māori ratio (Yoy+1.44 pct) was 65.68 per cent, with a positive trend over the same period, mainly due to the faster growth of special semiconductor operations with a high Māori rate, with a rising yield compared to a steady rise.
In terms of R & D inputs, 3q22 R & D costs $374 million, representing a significant increase of 119.17 per cent over the same period, while the proportion of large R & D inputs at the same time has increased.
Special integrated circuit platform-type taps, new products are moving well. Shenzhen is a leading country-wide venture for \triangleright integrated circuits. Products include microprocessors, programmable devices, storage, network bus and interfaces.
Simulators, asic/sopc, and so on, have more than 500 varieties. Special integrated circuits demand continues to grow, companies are increasingly investing in research and development while actively coordinating supply chain resources, promoting product upgrading, and enriching product groups.
The special storage and network bus, interface products continue to be evaluated for a quarterly period: performance continues to grow high, specialic maintains internal leadership, and new products continue to be introduced to expand the lead. Special Sopc represents the system-level core.
High-profile 2022/04/27 films are recognized by clients and their applications are widely disseminated. In the area of analogue products, companies have introduced a range of products such as single power sources, power module groups and power-side appliance products, and in the first half of this year they have launched high-speed radio frequency adc, new ones.
New products, such as isolation chips, with the approval of major users, are expected to be new growth points for the company. Smart security chips are gaining momentum and high-end chips, such as car chips, can be expected. Corporate intelligence security \triangleright
The chip business maintained a positive momentum, with revenue of $803 million achieved in the first half of 2022, a Māori rate of 41.66 per cent (yoy+11.97pct) and a significant increase in Māori, mainly due to the company’s increased share of offshore Sim card operations.
At the same time, the company’s car code safety chip is applied in bulk in a variety of programs, such as digital car keys, car-borne Esim, and can be transferred to high-end safety series chips and vehicle-borne control cores, which are well under way and ready for release.
The corresponding current prices are 44/32/24 times higher, and the company is a leading national integrated circuit platform-type company, which will continue to benefit from the high profile of the sector and the growth of demand for alternatives to national production in order to maintain a “recommended” rating. \triangleright
This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, the conclusions are not directed or influenced by any third party, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, their recommendations or views in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.