The media and the Internet have a high quality content of the inner core, creating the advantage of the network.
The company is a new state-owned media company with a core chain of integrated development that captures the ecological integrity of all channels and content, and its main business includes Internet video business, new media interactive entertainment.
A competitive advantage is that the diversity of content is expected to lead to an increase in the size and membership of the user community. A rich and well-established production team in the public sector, with a high rate of high-quality content output, is expected to drive the company.
In 2022, the number of Mango tv members reached 5.09 million.
• The ability to launch a pop-up art, and the ability to make a sustainable contribution with a pop-up label, “Cultural N generation”, 2022.10.25 Thermality and commercial value.
There is a gap with other platforms in the area of long video dramas, relying on a two-platform team of high-quality producers, the short panels are being filled, and the miniatur is still in the early stages of development, where companies are expected to break out. Animation: the acquisition of gold eagle cartoons is expected to improve the content matrix and downstream derivative layout.
Two competitive advantages: one network, with advantages in terms of capacity and cost. Production and recruitment: one “farming” and two “harvests” in terms of the depth of the two operations. Joint purchasing and broadcasting, joint purchasing, marketing promotion, resource efficiency and synergy.
In 2022, three joint chambers of commerce were held with the Mangotv dual platform. Cost advantages: purchase agreements with Hunan Watch, locking in the purchase price of rights to the Hunan Vigilance programme, as opposed to other long video platforms, effectively controlling the cost of content, the Internet video industry, etc.
The Māori rate is higher. In 2018-2022, the Māori rate for corporate Internet video business was gradually realized and is expected to become a new growth curve in the future.
The peak is 2.06 million. Entertainment: mcty expands the derivative experience below the line, accelerates the flow of platforms or content under the flag of help, and allows the user circle to expand. Innovative technology: company product technology smart algorithms team has launched the aigchub platform inside, with text, images, words to generate it.
Aigc capabilities such as sound patterns, future ai technology will continue to be effective in enabling corporate business scenes. Profit forecasting, valuation and rating.
Risk; user growth is not as high as expected.
1.1 Mango supermedia: the network combines a two-wheel drive, the country's digital leader. The company is a new state-owned media company with a core chain of integrated development, full access and ecological integrity of content. It has the advantage of integrating the country's industry-wide network. It is based on a new media platform, with a two-wheel drive from the Hunan Watch and Mangotv.
Mangotv and the traditional media Hunan Vigilance two-way platform, built a whole industry chain around the Internet up and down to achieve content generation.
The development of a classification development, the creation of a bottom-line landscape entertainment, and the formation of a content-based video content electrician model with a “video+content+electricist” core, achieves a multi-channel derivative realization under the line line. There is a strong synergy and complementarities between the links in the chain of industry, creating a co-symbiotic, unique ecological mogo-coat in the context of media integration.
Figure 1: Mango Super-Multimedia Industrial Chain Structure. Main business of the company is divided into three main sections: Internet video business, interactive content production for new media, and content electrician. The main mode of realization of Internet video business is membership, value-added services such as advertising, and operator screens (iptv and others).
(ott) The new media interactive entertainment production is based on the charge of polytechnics, under-the-curvers, and ip derivatives: content buyers are divided into two platforms: happy buyers and young magnolias, each of which locates different consumer groups, happy customers around TV screens, closed-door services for the television population, and young magnoses are organized around mangotv.
In 2022, the companies affected by the epidemic held pressure on their revenues, their performance was expected to recover steadily in 2023, and their operations were expected to be the second-largest growth curve. In terms of revenue composition, the Internet video business remained the company’s main collection block, with the company’s full capacity in 2022.
In addition to upstream content platform operations, the company has increased its efforts to consolidate its resources and achieve faster growth in new business such as electricity suppliers, with a total of 2,136 million yuan in 2022, representing 15.59 per cent of total business receipts. Figure 3: Sub-business income and speed of growth for the company ' s main business (half-year)
1.2 Intra-industry competition: long video traffic dividend peaks, step into price-raising cycles, platform with differentiated quality content, and from a long video industry where flows and competition patterns are relatively stable, the company Mangotv has a certain competitive advantage in differentially diverse polymetic content.
According to questmoblie, as of June 2023, the number of mobile Internet users in the country stood at 1,213 million, an increase of 1.93 per cent. The domestic cable-long video industry has matured and the competition pattern has begun to evolve, with the number of core users representing the four main head platforms: Achicchio, Tetsu Video, Cool, Mangotv.
The industry goes into stock competition, the future long video industry goes into an era of content-centred, fine-tuning, differentiation, and business strategies, with the greatest incremental dividends for the long video industry as a whole, with differentiated content, the size of mobile Internet users in China and the same ratio.
Figure 6: Time spent per person per month on mobile Internet users
The choice of buying third-party copyrights or choosing content for home-made purposes requires a high copyright cost and a longer liquidity cycle, so long video platforms are less profitable than the pre-user build-up period as a whole and commercialize more users. In the event of a high turnover dividend, it is not business roi that relies on high marketing costs to get new users.
In the last two years, the long video platform has made several member price increases, the commercialization of which has accelerated, with the most intensive Aki culture, and the average increase of 10-20% in three consecutive years, compared to the more conservative, overall price of mangotv's price.
Ges are at a lower level in the head platform, and we believe that its subsequent commercialization space and pricing strategies are more resilient. Figure 8: Price increases for members of four long video platforms. 1.3 External competition in industry: short videos have some impact on users, but in the long run they have limited impact
According to data from the China Audiovisual Development Study 2023, as of December 2022, short video users reached a size of 10.12 billion, an increase of 77.7 million, an increase of 8.3 per cent over the same year, representing 94.8 per cent of the total online population. Short video users use 168 minutes per person per day, compared to 120 minutes per person per day.
In order to match the short flat advantage of short videos with the recreational rhythm of current users in the current fast-paced life, we believe that the number of users of short videos in the short term and the length of their per capita use will squeeze the long video disk, but in the long run, the short video industry has more content to supply from long videos, which are still irreplaceable, and the current short video user flow
It's high, and it's expected that the subsequent crowding of long video users will stabilize. We think that in the future, short video will be more stable for long video plates, which will work together to symbioticize, mainly for the following reasons: 1) short video and long video are designed to target different user needs, usually in an ugc format, as individual creators.
For the creation of the backbone, the user pursues a fast-debris entertainment approach. The long video platform uses pgc as the main model, short video is better suited to meet the need for quick access to information and entertainment, and long video is better suited to deep viewing and immersion.
2) A large number of short videos are based on long video content, which is often based on video content such as movies, dramas, etc., and the results of the video. These short videos will be used as marketing and guidance for long video content, with copyright links placed below the original content, and can jump to the long video to see the real film, and some short video users will be able to see it because of this part.
The long video platform will continue to provide high-quality content versions to short video platforms.
In the semi-annual report, the Hunan Watch, Mango Supermedia, with 48 multi-art self-manufacturing teams, 29 film and film production teams, and 34 New Mangang strategic studios form the largest professional content production base in the country, with larger teams and long-term programming experience.
In the first half of the year, there were 119 new local-born (non-derivative, evenings), 24 mango tv online, and, in the event of a reduction in the platform's upper line, the company's effective performance of the art was reversed.
In the first half of the year 23, the show was selected as Top 20, with Big Detective 8 playing with 540 million positives, 7.9 per cent of the municipalities ranked second in the list, and 2023 with 430 million, with the city taking over the lead sheep.
The advantage of mangotv is that: 1) monolithic, with the new season broadcast on Mangotv in the first half of 2023, and that of Ei-Yu-Yu-Ju, which is based on a collage of more than 70% of the total number of monolithic segments, with video, excellent, eccentric.
The total number of stations is 39 per cent, 16 per cent, 20 per cent, and the total number of stations is 87 per cent, 86 per cent and 79 per cent respectively, and we believe that the future of monolith is the trend of the industry, that monolithic is more effective in bringing users together and that it is expected to foster user loyalty to the platform.
In the first half of 2023, at more national seasons (excluding derivatives, evenings), the number of ministries of the Cong generation accounts for 43% of the total, and the number of effective ones is as high as 77%.
Only the Women's Inference Society (rank XIV), the Youth Project (rank XVIII) are the new art, the rest of which is an extension of the previous balance of the money, and the new art of the art, the monolithic and long-conveyed viewers, who are also more likely to be favoured by advertisers and to have a higher bargaining power in the company.
For example, in 2023, the first round of Xiao Xiao Xiao Xiao Xiao Xiao's Xiao Xing's Xiao Xing's name was quoted as $500 million, the lead partner, the super partner, and the collaboration, according to the ad agent Xu Xu Xing's Xin's Xin's Xin's Xin Xin's Xin's Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xi's Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xi's name
Partners of 300 million yuan, 200 million yuan, and 100 million yuan, respectively, are earmarked for the industry at a cost of 50 million yuan. In the second half of the year, Mango tv has a total of 17 comprehensive arts, including a number of high-rated N-generation programmes such as "Brothers with thorns", Chinese Restaurant 7, Flowers and Young People 5, Love-Aye 3, and Time Concert 5.
2.2 At the end of the show: The long show is full, the show is self-made, the company is late, there is a gap with other long video platforms, but it's been active in recent years. The recent show "Go to the Wind" and "The Warm Sweet White Castle" and so forth is doing well.
The data grew in 2022, but there were now more pictograms than expected in the first half of the year, and Mango and Aichi's " Return Roads " , which were combined to the top five of the rankings, with greater scope for subsequent upscaling. The long series of test waterai applications, and the exploration of innovative models, which are expected to raise the ip value of the show.
On July 29th, Young Hobbies 2 came on line in Mangotv, where the company launched its first multi-dimensional interactive product based on the role of pip in the play, where users can interact with the role in the play and start a 1v1 private chat mode, where members have three free rights to dialogue, more than three times at a price of $2.8 (original price of $6)/10.
Second, 5.8 yuan (30 original)/50, 29.8 yuan (60 original) 1,500 times.
1) Industry end: short video users have a wider audience, and according to data from China ' s Cyber-Audiovisual Development Study (2023), short video accounts for 40.3 per cent of the entire web-based audio-visual market, and the recreational needs of short plays and short videos are similar, both of which are short, flat, fragmentary and entertaining times, but the story of the short play is full.
Watching the logic is more consistent, and the popular effect between the seasons and the seasons will continue, so we think that the market space for the shortest plays is larger. On the other hand, the market for the shortest plays shows a trend of scale, diversification, regulation, but the market is still expanding at a high rate, with 58 spots in 2021 and 2022.
172, we believe that the long series is a more mature market in which the new entrants are more friendly in the form of a long-term miniatur market, in which companies are expected to break out. 2) From the point of view of production capacity and content, Mango upgraded the Mango miniatur programme in 2022, based on a system of splits based on the length of time the members watched.
The top-quality long film program has been added to the bottom and self-serving share of proceeds, and the short play types have been split into five s+ to b series, with the creative growth of quality content. According to cloud data, mangos ranked top 15 in 2022, and mangos occupy three seats, and we believe that mango miniatures are better ranked and more competitive than their long series.
The future Mango microscopic drama program will continue to be exported as a platform at the heart of the Mango short play, and has so far produced a high-quality prize for "Remember the Unseen, " A Paper-Showing Month." This summer the Greater Mang is starting with a miniature web play, " We and the Sea Wind hugging you " , which was aired on Mangotv on June 12, and won two weeks in a row as the winner of the All-On Love short show.
On June 29, the total number of live films was more than 140 million. The summer series, which began in July, was divided into healing, national wind, three theatres with a total of 12 high-quality dramas, including "Fraids, Painting Rivers, " , and so on, and is expected to drive the viewing of the platform.
Figure 18: Market size of the 2022 network audiovisual industry Figure 19: 2021, 2022 microscopic online 2.3 animated end: acquisition of gold eagle cartoons, with the prospect of perfecting the content matrix and downstream derivative layout
On 25 July, the company announced that it would hold 100 per cent of the Hunan Golden Eagle Cartoon Media Ltd. (hereafter the Golden Eagle Cartoon) with the Mango Media, a shareholder of 835 million acquisition companies.
We believe that the company’s current acquisition will be beneficial:
1) Improvement of the content product matrix, seeking to expand the group of young people: Mongo super-medias, whether mixed or televised, have a long history of reaching adults, with little involvement in the group, and the Mongo channel has a low rate of visibility and heat.
Matrix, to date, gold eagle cartoons have landed on multiple productions, including, for example, Mad McKinnon, Ace in Love with Young Children, Aces in Ace, and the Young Mangotv Channel. 2) Refinement of the offline derivatives industry chain, with Mango super-moved downstream operations for the last two years with "Molder", "Mcity" and "Mcity"
Mainly, it involves the development of offline derivatives and the layout of downstream parks, while the Golden Eagle cartoons have long been developed around the ip, and there is considerable experience in this regard, and it is expected that the two will be highly integrated in the development of ip derivatives and viewing entertainment.
Figure 22: Goldhawk’s experience in opening a park under the cartoon line (Macau Garden) III. Competitive advantage II: The network as a whole has advantages in terms of its ability and cost, 3.1 network as a link, with greater ability to engage
The Mango super-movement is closely linked to the Mango Monitor and Mangotv. The network is essentially a content-producing agency. It is proportionate to the logic of commercialization and content procurement. The Mango super-manufacturer has achieved a “farming” of a visual view of the depth of the two operations. In terms of the organizational structure, a decision-making committee has been set up for the two-platform polytechnic and television drama project.
The tv platform operations centre has created a stable “triangular hub” and has been consistently planned and operated. Joint procurement and broadcasting, joint purchasing, marketing promotion, resource efficiency and synergy have been achieved through the launch of the Song of Tsangshan, The Bottom of the River, The Junior School 2, White Castle, and other dramas such as the first segment of the film, which is viewed at the same time at the national level.
The joint production of a joint campaign in the field of philanthropy significantly reduced the need for outsourced business, and the mobilization of internal mechanisms made it possible to cover a large part of the business.
In May 2022, Hunan Watch joined with Mangotv for the first time, the two platforms organized three joint chambers of commerce throughout 2022, and the long video budget of 20 key clients will be settled in two.
The platform, with 21 brands included in the Acoustic Quest season, kept the two platforms in the same position as the city head office throughout the year. 3.2 webs have an advantage at the cost of content, with the Māori ratio leading.
In the current context of content dominance, long-lived low-cost production capacity is key to the long-term sustainability of long video platforms to sustain competition and profitability. Compared to top ministers’ video platforms such as Aichi, mango self-manufacturing capabilities and cost advantages are expected to hold in the future. Aichi culture’s logic is similar to that of traffic distribution, with the early essence of buying external copyrights and making the platform’s flow distribution logic.
However, the model has had low profits, resulting in a long-term loss, a later attempt at homemaking and in-house blood-making, and the first time that a 1q21 home-made asset exceeded copyright-based content assets. The company has an advantage at the cost of: 1) 2017 with the Hunan Guardian and Hunan-Tai: According to Hunan-Tai, the purchase agreement was signed with Quick.
Following the Replenishment Agreement signed by Xiaoyang and the Purchase Agreement on the Right of Transmission of Television Information Networks, on 31 December 2017, companies could purchase a base amount of 10 per cent price increase per annum for 2017 and the right of dissemination of information network in the country between 2018 and 2020 for Hunan Watch at a cost of 451 million yuan, 496.1 million yuan and 546 million yuan, respectively.
Internet transmission rights during the year, without price increases, such as market-based booms in Hunan Watch during the contract period, raise the purchase price by 10 per cent in the current year over the previous year. Thus, companies have a significant advantage at content cost compared to other long video platforms, with a higher Māori rate for Internet video operations, 2018-2022, company connectivity.
On the other hand, there is a greater likelihood that future models based on the integration of content production and operations will be realized in terms of future ip realization, ip derivatives (no need to purchase additional copyrights or consultations, no fear of infringement).
Figure 26: Comparison of Aichi and Mango super-media Internet video rates of Māori IV. Innovative operations are gradually emerging and are expected to build a new growth curve, with 4.1 content electricians relying on two platforms for high-quality content output.
The mango super-manufacturers are divided into two main sections, the mini-man electricsman, and happy buying. Happy purchasing of the Eto-Lannan brand is based on a retail electronics platform for the media, in a way similar to television shopping, mainly on television screens, which is the company’s early electricity vendor model.
This is a platform for a new state-owned power-market that is socialized, content-based, power-based. Commodities cover apparel, food, make-up, cotton dolls, pips, new-day games, fancy dress-making, etc. The content is based on amphibious arts, drama-combining, and the creation of a complete closed ring of “grass-and-grassing”.
We believe that the future growth curve of the small Mandarin is expected to be based mainly on the fact that, under the current model of the power provider, the heat of the company is gradually rising, compared to the traditional model of the “people looking for goods”, the “goods” centred on the “weeding model” are growing faster with fine content or kol's ethos.
Traders have content and kol advantages: the content of the mini-man trades brings together mango high-quality ip resources, such as the Big Detectives, the College of Eminent Detectives, 100 Lights, which drive the co-operatives to heat up the market and open the new track; in kol, the company maintains good relations with many performers, such as the Han dress festival, which invites the build-up of high-quality national performers, such as Leslie, Chastity, Land Tiger, and others.
Society, at the party, displays more than 20 Xiao Xiang Xiang's new clothes, and a combination of the country's wind brands with human performers helps to maximize the value of the items and drive the growth of the Xiang Xiang electrician gmv. Figure 26: 2022 Xiao Xiao Xiao Xiao Xiao Xing
Chart 27: 2022 Xiaomun's "Han's Hattori Festival" set up a viewing entertainment park on the 4.2 line to create a multi-cultural universe, which is still in its outreach phase, with mcity at its core from the Mango supermix, originally planned to open six cities in 2021, but only the fact that it is true.
Two cities have been created: Changsha and Shanghai. Because of the epidemic and the country’s improved management of the theatre-killing industry, the third gate shop in mcity did not land in Nanjing until April 2023, taking this opportunity to announce the reopening of mcity’s national layout, and the formal mocity-based two core games: the play-killing and the escape of the secret room, which is now largely based on the core ip variety.
Detective "The Secret Room Breaks" builds a large visual world, leading players to open up their puzzles and create immersion experiences. The scenes of "nznd" and "sythropic talk" on the micty sandshop line, 100% of the scenes of the original star's big detectives, are being followed by the audience. Mango officials will continue to expand their ip content, increasing the content of live entertainment under the line, m-city.
In conjunction with the Great Fung culture, the Illustrative Forensic Investigation Mission has been transformed into a forensic indoctrination investigation theatre, which is expected to be launched in August 2023, and will be followed up by our Forensic Season, p. 1, which integrates the general legal reasoning network with the submersion of the immersion theatre and develops a new approach to the forensic investigation team.
At present, the market patterns of the script killing and the secret room escaping are on the rise, and underline viewing and entertainment still have wide market growth space. According to the AIDS consultant, the size of the market for the Chinese secret room escaping and the script killing in 2022 is 79.7 million yuan and 23.890 billion yuan, respectively. By 2025, it is expected to grow to 155.7 million yuan and 44.81 billion yuan, respectively.
In terms of prices: mcity is located at the top, headlines and secret rooms, and attracts users with high service and depth. According to AIDS data, Chinese secret room escape consumption is currently concentrated between $51 and $150, while mcity prices vary from 158 to 528 and are relatively high, but the services behind the high pricing are equally good, mcity
The scripts are based on their own output and the output of a third party, pgc, and the purchase of the script will lead to a half-month-long multi-round evaluation inside the house, followed by an in-house dm in-depth understanding of the content, familiarization with the script, and the degree to which the scripts are offline. We believe that mcity is likely to be a sign that the country’s high-end scripts and secret rooms have escaped, helping to open the market for the entertainment industry.
From a user ' s perspective: while the mcity seeding experience enhances the stickyness of existing users, it provides new avenues outside the circle for users to access and understand mango content and accelerates the movement of platforms or content under the flag of support, thereby expanding the user ' s circle. While the bottom-line viewing at this stage does not have a scale effect, we consider it to be below the line of action.
The park’s head circle is expected to drive the market, and we see mangos continue to expand their business model based on their unique content ecology, perfect the product matrix, and continue to drive performance gains in the future. 4.3ai, vr, Innovative Genebos, nft digital collections continue to be online.
In 2021, the company published the first digital person to host the “Small” and the first Mango Plaza commemorative digital collection. In March 2022, the company officially launched the Mango Digital Collection Platform, which distributes multi-player ip-derived digital collections, works of art, and pictures at prices ranging from $19.9 to $129.9 in 2022.
The social platform for general entertainment based on vr, Mango Ring, was launched in August. Figure 34: The Mango Dream City, a Vr platform, can sing with vr digital people. Figure 35: Mangotv digital collection.
In June 2023, the Aigchub platform was launched by the company ' s product technology intelligence team. The platform brings together aigc capabilities such as model, ai painting, voice generation, images, voice-models, etc., and will continue to be effective.
To explore the application of new digital production techniques in the integrated content, in conjunction with the space and time constraints of the Ledxr virtual photography technology. For the first time, the vr content is combined with the virtual production in "Acceleration." In the program, artists can enter the City of Accelerating through a 10,000-way jockey and a vr-heading device, challenging the virtual world through digital splitting.
The task. The City of Accelerating will be launched in the future in the form of Big Detectives, Secret Room Breakout, and will also be installed in the consumption scene of Mango tv's power-marketing platform, "Many" , which, with virtual worlds, will make the pip derivatives a virtual asset. We believe that companies have always been at the forefront of the industry in terms of technological innovation, and that they will be able to use the company as an asset in the future.
Innovative advantages in vr are realized by the scale of digital vr, nft products. 5.1 Core assumptions and profit projections Internet video business: income increases are realized mainly through advertising, membership and other value-added operations, and through the provision of iptv
We expect the company to be connected between 2023 and 2025, depending on the number of members and the average number of members. It is expected to grow robustly, driven by high-quality content online, and in the second half of the year, the Department, working with Ali 88vip, is expected to lead to an increase in the number of members, and the company is still in the user development phase, and it is expected to grow.
Cables: Main business is happy buying and small man-power traders. The company's small man-power provider, gmv, is growing rapidly, and the company, relying on its polymagnetic excellence, is responsible for the growth of its content, which is more in line with the needs of the company's user community, and is expected to continue to grow at a high rate, with electricity and commerce in the production of interactive content for the new media: revenue from the production of interactive content for the new media will increase steadily, but in a short period of time.
The rate of growth is not significant. The revenue from the production of interactive content in the new media is expected to be 2023-2025, respectively, at the cost end: a certain amount of advertising will still be required for all types of video broadcast on the network, and it is not expected to be real in the event of a reduction in efficiency gains, based on comparable companies such as Aichi, Naifi, Disney, Fast Hand, New Media shares, with an average of 23.16 x in 2023.
In view of the fact that the company is the leader of the new state-owned Internet video media, the number of members is growing rapidly, and subsequent increases in prices are expected.
Figure 42: Mango tv stocks online in the second half of 2023
The demand of the advertiser is not repaired as much as expected: if macroeconomic repairs are slow and demand of the advertiser is not restored as expected, it may have a negative impact on the company’s revenue from advertising operations. The risk of leaving the core team is that the content of the company’s home-made content is closely linked to the team’s ability to produce, and that the core team may leave the company.
The ability to produce content has a negative impact, and the low willingness of households to pay will affect the performance of companies.