Core Three Questions: Competition Patterns, Growth Spaces, Content Systems Building
\triangleright What stage is the current long video platform competition? \triangleright
The country's online video industry has entered a new phase of competition, with survival and health development becoming a new theme. 1) The track: with short video traffic at the top, video industry patterns have stabilized and long video traffic has stabilized; 2) Intra-national video platforms have emerged from the pc Internet golden age, with platforms such as music, potatoes, yukoo and so on.
Chen Liang Cong has since taken possession of copyright content to acquire users, driven by capital and policy, and copyright costs continue to be s01052305005.
The core of the competition is to take over users from buying to making home-grown quality content. How do you see the current growth space for membership advertising?
Mango super-media 23h1 members, advertising growth is weak. What is the pace of recovery in 23 years of corporate business and medium- and long-term growth space? 1) We think that the time has come to be affected by macroeconomic and content broadcasting, and corporate membership and advertising have declined.
More. Mango advertising is dominated by content advertising, and brand-based budgets are influenced by macroeconomic over-effect advertising, with external q1 content more affected by the epidemic. As content is re-emerged, the economy is stable, and advertising is expected to recover.
With 88vip importing members, content broadcasting has resumed, and members’ business is expected to grow rapidly. (2) In the medium and long term, the growth of their advertising industry still needs to be built.
Long video platforms have moved into steady price increases, but Mango members’ business is still in the process of increasing users and lowering prices, and the key leap from this phase to a higher volume is in capacity-building for high-quality dramas. How to look at content-building?
\triangleright, by further exploring the process of building the content capacity of mango content systems, attempts to provide a perspective for the future development of mango dramas.
As a result, the gaming team has been able to spread the payfire, and the system of industrialization of the chemistry has evolved and the product has continued to evolve. And the theatre team has been built late, and its products are more complex, more costly, more sophisticated, more sophisticated, more sophisticated, and less structured.
Investment recommendations: Corporate members and advertising are more flexible as content is broadcast and economic recovery takes place. \triangleright prices are expected to be 23 x, 18 x, 15 x, covered for the first time, with a “recommended” rating.
\triangleright 1 bottom colour: state-owned blended media platform, industry-wide chain layout 1.1 Internet video business is at the core and industry-wide chain layout is perfect
The Mango SuperMechanism is the only new media and capital operating platform under the Hunan Wire. The main business includes Mangotv Internet video business, interactive entertainment content production, and content appliance.
It covers members, advertising, iptv, ott, film and video dramas, entertainment programmes, artist brokers, music copyright operations, ip derivative development and landscape entertainment, content electricians, etc.
The Mango Super-Mechanics company was listed in 2018, when they acquired the Happy Sun, Mango Recreation, Daily Media, Mango Film, Mango Recreation, and reorganized and renamed Mango Super-Memorization. As Mango Super-Memorized Core Assets, Mango-Tv originated from Golden Eagle.
As the only Internet video platform under the banner of Hunan Wire, Mangotv is rapidly rising in the southern part of Lake Eto. The Mango Solo strategy was launched in April 2014, with a happy buy in June 2018, followed by a series of probes in the new media field.
So, in 2018, the "Super-Man Plan" was introduced into the military market, in 2019 it was launched, in 2020 it was launched, in 2020 it was launched as a monsoon theatre, in 2021 it was launched as a live viewer, and in 2021 it was set up as a play to kill real-estate shops. In 2023 it was actively exploring the aigc application, and in 2023 it was launched as a chat in the new play "The Song Chi 2"
When Mango super-media assets were re-listed, the main business was retailed by the media into Internet video business, new media interactive entertainment content production, and content appliance.
New media interactive content production includes content production and operation, artist brokerage, music copyright, ip derivative development, and viewing and entertainment. Content electricity sales include the transformation into a fast-buying business block for media power providers, and the construction of a new power provider model centred on content+community+electricizers.
Mangotv's Internet video business: it is divided into advertising, membership, and operator business. The advertising business is divided into soft and wide business, with soft and wide business centred on content, offering customers a name, implants, etc.
Online member business refers to companies that attract users to buy membership packages through high-quality online payments; offline member business refers to businesses that attract users to membership through various forms of outreach activities.
New media interactive and entertainment content productions include content production and operation, artist brokerage, music copyrights, ip reproduction development, and viewing and entertainment.
Artists engage in brokering to provide artists with a full range of services, such as positioning, advertising, modelling, business representation, and the like, mainly by tapping and developing new people with potential.
With respect to music copyrights, companies are authorized on the basis of long-term music ip resources accumulated by entertainers, including online apps, games, program access rights, video and music.
The company relies on its own acetivists, such as Big Detective, Secret Room Breakout, multi-dimensional ip-authorization, and the creation of a m-city brand on a national setup.
A vertical content dealer platform with long video content. Media electrics are based on television screens, expanding the interaction and multichanneling of screens such as iptv, mobile apps and small programs.
In 2022, after the company's reorganization on the market, the harvest was affected by the epidemic, the advertising business suffered short-term pressure, and the receipts and returns fell.
The net return profit is 13.7 billion yuan and 1.8 billion yuan, respectively, down 11 per cent and 16 per cent from the same year. The share of Internet video business continues to rise in the sub-business of 2023h1. The company’s main business includes Mangotv Internet video business, new media interactive entertainment content production business and content vendor business.
Advertising, membership and operator business, which has grown rapidly since 2018, driven by advertising and membership business, has grown relatively smoothly, with a declining share of revenue. Content production includes content production and operation, artist brokerage, music copyright, ip derivative development, and viewing entertainment, with 34% of revenue in 2018.
In 2019, the company’s profitability rose steadily, building a large audience base based on the previous Acres and so on, and promoting a rise in the number of cards and memberships and fees.
The decline in the rate of use has led to a recovery in corporate profitability. 1.2 The advantages of the financial background are clear, management is deep-farming the content industry. Hunan Province has a controlling and state-funded background.
One major shareholder, who holds 100% of the mango media and 56.09% of the company’s shares through the mango media, is the second largest shareholder in China’s mobile wholly-owned subsidiaries, with 7.01% of the company’s shares.
In February 2023, Director-General Choi Huai Jun served as Vice-President of Hunan High Power Finance Department, Mango Media Investment Department, Mango Super-Mongo Managing Director, etc. since 2017.
During his tenure, Mango supermedia completed the reorganization and listing of assets and actively promoted the integration of two platforms, company content capabilities were enhanced, and the series " Bro, Sister " , etc., made a major breakthrough.2 What stage is the current competition for long video platforms?2
2.1 The competition climate has slowed, and the focus on profitability has been a common theme. Competition patterns in the long video industry have slowed. The domestic online video industry, after intense competition in previous years, is now entering a more moderate competitive dynamic.
Steady, long video traffic. 2) Within the track: Long video platforms in the country originated in the pc Internet golden age, with platforms like ecstasy, potatoes, and so on. Since then, with capital and policy push, platforms have seized content for users, and copyright costs have been rising.
The core of the competition is to take advantage of users and move to home-grown internal competition for quality: short video shocks have slowed and the share of long video has stabilized. Until 2018, the video industry benefited from the mobile Internet flow dividend, which grew from time to time as the number of mobile Internet users increased; and after 2018, the video industry has been able to grow.
The length of the video grew from 23.8 billion hours to 59 billion hours, ranging from 4.8 billion hours to 33.9 billion hours, representing an increase in the overall length of the video from 20 per cent to 57 per cent. Since 2020, as short-sighted periods saturated, the share of long-time video has declined in a marginal and narrow fashion, with 2022q3 short videos, medium and medium.
The video, video lengths are 57%, 10%, and 33%, the ring is basically flat, and the video industry's segments compete within the track: long video patterns are stable. The domestic online video platform originated in the prime age of pc on the Internet in May, and the domestic online video platform is home to the ugc content, and it's happy to see, potatoes, and cool.
Since 2010, as copyright awareness awakened, capital pushed the online video platform to open a “Copy War” for users, copyright prices rose rapidly, small and medium platforms withdrew from the market, and competition patterns developed to the current pattern of “two tops and two tops” . Since 2018, as online video users have risen to the top, deep-drawing has taken place.
The primary task of the platform is to have a stock of users. The competitive elements between long video platforms have been built from capital to content systems, i.e., from the previous “burning of money” to copyrights, thereby acquiring a user model that has shifted to home-grown, quality-based internalization that induces members to pay and raise prices, thus driving profit growth.
Achilles, troupe video, mangotv, eugenic video mau, 5.97, 4.07, 289, 174 million people (Ighis) increased by 20.6%, 9.2%, 54.5%, and 3.1%, respectively. Mangos are the most rapidly growing long video platforms.
With a stable pattern of competition, the platform’s focus on profitability improved significantly in 2022. Since 2021, competition has been shrinking and Internet regulation has tightened, and the platform has been able to reduce efficiency and focus on increasing profitability.
Supermedia has been profitable due to lower content costs; Akichi 2022q1 has been earning a single-quarter profit, with a net profit of $1.3 billion a year for 2022. The increase in profitability is mainly due to lower costs.
The reason for improving profitability is to explore the sustainability and space for improving profitability. In the case of Aichi, the net result is that the income-end pricing logic continues to be realized in addition to the drops. In 2023, Aichi's profitability continued to improve significantly, with a net interest rate of 7 per cent for 23q1 and an increase of 3 pct for the ring; the Maori rate and the business profit ratio are equal.
Profit growth is driven more by higher income levels. Aki culture income is made up mainly of membership and advertising, and 23q1 members ' income growth, despite a small drop in advertising income, is still significant, leading to little change in the overall income pattern, due to rising income of members, offset by falling advertising income.
The growth in membership income is driven by an overall increase in income.
2.2 The cost of content falls, quality content drives members to raise prices, profits progressing to release stage 2.2.1 Cost end: content costs continue to fall
We further summarize the reasons for the decrease in content costs: volume: less content purchases. The platform focuses more on content roi, focusing on head content, reducing the number of purchases of lower middle-and-back content in roi. Prices: 1) content purchases fall. Wage restrictions slow competition with the platform and lower costs of upstream content procurement; 2) platforms increase self-sufficiency.
Content acquisition has evolved from a procurement model to a more low-cost, home-grown model. 1. Platforms bring down efficiency gains and reduce content purchases. Over the past 21 years, long video platforms have “reduced efficiency gains” and invested funds in roi's higher head content, reducing lower roi's medium waist content. 2020h1-1
In 2023, with the warmth of the market, the supply of the theatre rose. 2 - The wage limit order pushed the cost of content down. In 2018, the three main video sites issued a joint statement to the six major producer companies against the “day price” of the film, and the General Directorate of Wide Electricity issued a “pay limit” in 2020.
In 2022, the General Directorate of Wide Electricity again issued a new pay-restriction order, insisting on restrictions on the remuneration of artists for polyclinics and television dramas. With the combined support of regulators and businesses, the remuneration of artists has declined, and the cost of content has fallen markedly.
In the context of the overall supply end, the internal structure of the series has also changed, with the share of split and custom plays continuously increasing, and the share of copyright plays falling. In 2016-2021, the number of split and custom plays rose from 20 to 70 and 105, respectively, and the number of copyright plays dropped from 71 to 22, respectively.
For example, production companies have a lower Māori rate for home-made plays than for copyright plays, which in 2022 were close to 70% for copyright plays and 20% for custom-made plays. So we believe that, under the trend of home-made production, the cost of content is expected to hold, the cost of short-term reduction space is limited, and there is a long-term hope for overseas targets. Compared to overseas, the cost of content for domestic platforms is almost 70%.
Higher, due to the higher pay for domestic actor films and the differences in the Chinese-American film chain. The American film industry, which has gone through centuries, has developed into an industrial production system, has developed a more professional division of work, and it is the responsibility of different companies for production directors, scripts, actors, equipment, etc., so that the platform can be integrated as content.
Film companies prefer the layout of the entire industry chain, offering brokering, production, and distribution of the whole chain of services, thereby making quality internal content scarce resources and weakening the platform’s voice.
Industrialization of motion and video production, but industry changes are by no means overnight. 2.2.2 End of income: price increases release profit space, long video platforms enter stable price increases. Since 2019, long video competition has slowed over profit claims.
In late 2020, Aichi started to raise prices, followed by a video, mangotv, and raised prices in 2022. The prices of the members of the platforms are now consistent, and the monthly calculus has reached $30.
There is now a trend towards price increases in domestic video platforms, which have reached $30 a month, but there is still a significant gap between the Bennet flights. The basic, standard, and high-level membership costs are 54, 67, 80, respectively, at the 2022 level of fees paid by members of the Naife Hong Kong region.
In the long run, the core driver of price increases is the steady output capacity of fine content. The current price increases do not affect the number of members of the counter, probably because of the low prices of long video platforms in the country and the insensitivity of users to the price.
In addition, users have created a certain amount of stickyness to the platform. But in the long run, the core of price increases is still the ability to produce the fine content in a stable way.
In recent years, long video platforms in the country have been active in producing their own fine content, and high-quality dramas, such as the " Laugher " , the " Invisible Corner " , have emerged, and the ability of the country to export the fine video content has been increasing.
In the past, long video platforms faced profitability challenges because of the rapid growth of traffic and the vicious competition between platforms for “boiling money” to rob copyrights. Long video competitions slowed down and platform profits improved. Looking ahead, the key to competition between platforms is content self-control.
Stock market users are loyal to content rather than to channels, and quality content is the key to attracting users. On the other hand, long video, continued profitability, continued efforts to reduce the cost of content, as well as member price increases, home-grown content with lower costs, can also support platforms to raise prices.
What is the space for 3 mango platform members? 3.1 members, arpus, and mangotv members, who earn only a quarter of their Achilles' earnings.
Not $3.9, 17.7 billion, with Mango members earning only a quarter of Aichi culture. The splits show a big difference between membership and Arpu. Mangotv's long video business is late, is still growing, mau and members have more room for competition. Arpu are more competitive, and long-term companies need to make up for it.
The number of members is only half the number of ecstatics and video games. The number of members has increased from 10,750,000 in 18 years to 22 years, as the content of the platform has grown, compared to the video, the eccentrics, and the mangotvs.
59.16 million. There is still more room for membership than the number of members of around 100 million Akichi. The growth in membership is driven by further segmentation: membership = maux rate. Mau mango is half the payer. Mango tv, 22 years of video transmission, Aki Mau are 241, 4345-03 million, respectively.
Mango tv, tv, tv, tv, tv, ,  25%, 27%, 20%, respectively. Looking ahead, membership growth is driven mainly by the promotion of mau and mau conversion.
The Aichi culture, established in 2010, is now in its second phase, where mou and its members have reached 500 million and 100 million stables, and are now more focused on the upgrading of its members. Mangotv, which was created late, is still in the process of promoting user growth through marketing.
Aarpu is only about $6 a month, while Aichi is 14.3 yuan, and Mangoarpu has more space than his peers.
When the user growth peaks, it turns to an increase in the arppu. Next, we focus on the growth path and space of the number of users, including buying, promotion, welfare, content input, etc. 3.2 Promotion is a short-term driver, with 88vip generating an increase.
Companies increase their membership mainly by buying, promoting, and providing benefits. Purchases are mainly for advertising, expanding user access by going to hot platforms. Promotions include: 1) new user preferences.
2) Long-cycle members are promoted. Users are directed to purchase long-cycle members. For example, the current monthly card is 30 yuan/month, and the current monthly package is 22 yuan/month (August 23rd, 23rd, 23rd).
Benefits include: 1) electrical shopping benefits. Members are entitled to personal benefits such as solarization, make-up, food, etc., and promoters are active and active. 2) interactive benefits are provided offline.
Business cooperation. Issuance of experiential members, vouchers, access to more potential users, and promotion of secondary payments.
Net flow dividends are at the top, purchase costs are rising and buying prices are decreasing. Mangotv marketing expenditure controls are better, with absolute values at around $500 million per quarter, sales rates, sales costs/mau are volatile, promotion is a short-term growth driver, and 88vip is expected to increase.
88vip works together to add the Mango tv membership card option to the Treasure Cat 88vip page.
This collaboration is based on the needs of the two sides, and the mango needs user growth, with 88vip being the core user of Ali, who in recent years has needed more content resources. We believe that this collaboration is expected to increase the membership of Mangotv.
With 88 vip, we think it's partly because of the 88 vip current. For example, the 88 vip system, which was incorporated in August 18, has increased from 50% to 92%, while the 19th to 22nd fiscal years have seen an increase in user rates of 88%, 50%, and 50%, respectively.
88vip is expected to contribute to the increase in membership. Members of Mango tv can be converted from 88vip users, bringing additional members to Mango tv. The following estimates are given: Mau counted as follows: 232 million repeaters of mau at the end of the 22nd year and 655 million unique users, or 74% of members.
In June 22, the membership of 88vip stood at 25 million, assuming that the 88vip growth rate was equal to the rate of mau growth, with reference to June-December 22, 22 years, when the number of scavengers rose from 875 million to 888 million, with an increase of 1.5 per cent, and the number of 88vip at the end of the 22nd year was 25.37 million (2500*1.5 per cent = 2537).
Members match 88vip members ' overlap rate with mau on both sides, so that 1,872,000 of the 2,537 million members of the treasures are single users, up to a maximum of 1,872 million incremental users of Mangotv. 88vip has a limited impact on arpu. Members brought by 88vip because of the settlement pricing involved.
The number of members is diluted for the platform ' s arpu. However, in the period of user growth, the membership of the platform tends to grow at a much higher rate than the rate of the fall in Arpu. The reference network ' s cloudy music, which joined 88vip in August 20, has grown by 86%, 81% and the number of members of the 21-22 annual conference, has declined by -10% and -20% respectively.
Figure 36: cloud music online music service revenue and speed increase Figure 37: Number of users paying for cloud music, monthly arpu 3.3 drama capacity is a long-term driver, initially validated at the moment
In the case of Aichi, 18 q3 Episodes, 20 q1 + Year of Celebration, 20 q3 + 30 , 21 q1 Sons-in-law, and 23 q1 Sons-in-law, the number of hot-blowing members is higher.
The first stage of platform growth is the growth in the number of users, and the second step is the growth in the number of users.
The key leap from phase I to phase II is the retention of enough content to allow price increases. The long video platform price increases have become a trend, but the mango arpu is declining.
Over the past 18 years, the company has been investing continuously in content copyrights, and after 20 years, it has been increasing its collection investment, which, if the logic of the episode is fulfilled, is expected to lead to a substantial increase in the value of its members’ income.
4.1 inherits Hunan's visual content and innovative genes. Mangotv now has an advantage in the market, an advantage derived from its powerful innovation system.
Recompiling history, where the initial content of Mangotv comes from almost all the observations of the Hunan Guard, requires a review of the history of the development of the Mango Sanctuary.
In 1994, Wei Wenbin, then Director of the Hunan Radio and Television Office, launched the first round of reforms aimed at “transforming the system, introducing competition, activating the market, and promoting change.”
At its inception, it was determined by cost, using the column (the master of the art) as the central path to differentiation. The Best Practices 1997 was launched in 1997 with a maximum of 50% ratings and 99 years with a loss of income of hundreds of millions. Afterwards, based on the experience of visual creation, a series of programmes, such as the Happy Home Camp, the Rose Pact, etc., was launched.
In 2002, Wei Wenbin set up the Huanan Economic Television (HUNE) to integrate the Huanan TV economic channel, urban channels, life channels, and to set up programmes, TV dramas, and advertisements.
The next year, Hunan has doubled its revenues to $600 million, and the top 10 of HUNN TV in '05, with Etv occupying seven seats. The third round of reforms established a market-based entity and a Mangotv platform.
Reforms have resulted in the separation of the Ministry from radio and television stations and the consolidation of industrial assets into the Mango media, a market entity.
Mango tv's innovative genes are connected to the Hunan guard's vision.
In terms of content, solo-unique-ingenuity, a variety of different ways have been developed. Recapitulation of the content of mangotv, from its original solo, to unique and original, with its contents and products branded by the Hunan army.
In June of 15 years, Mangotv began a “unique” strategy, supported by copyright content and home-made ownership. In addition to Hunan Vigilance, other rights-based purchases were made and home-made systems were set up.
Reforms such as the "Roman House System" have succeeded in creating the series "The Romantic Travel of the Wives," "The Secret Room has escaped" and "The Sisters of the Wind" series.
In June of 15 years, the platform began a “unique” strategy, differentiated the procurement of other copyrights, and started building a self-contained system. In 18 years, Hunan was identified as the original producer, Wu Dreams and Quantana, among others.
At a certain level, the loss of talent from the traditional Vigilance platform was greater than in the last two years. Mangotv became a human resource transfer for the Hunan Vigilance during the 14 years or so of the impact of the new media platform, as a result of the early construction of the hybrid system (from the Vigilance section) and the timely reform of the transformation of the new media platform.
The company’s production team is strong, guaranteeing quality content output. Mango-only talent development and management systems are building up industry’s top teams, which are the key to keeping the mango content out of quality.
The production team, the film production team, the strategic studio of the New Man plan, and a number of high-quality dramas on behalf of the Li Sugar team, "The Romantic Travel of the Wives" Quarter 5, "The Band's Seaside", "Our Burning Life" and so on, the Li Long Fei team, "Ssummer in Zhang Wei", "The Peach Flowers" and "Don't Disturb Me."
The company's ability to innovate in content production is guaranteed, with effective promotions in the arts, theatres, and platforms. On the one hand, Hunan Watch has a well-developed system of support, which has been built over the years, and more than 100 people support systems, including production, broadcasting, art, guide and acupuncture, etc.
On the other hand, the content production system is constantly evolving, made by the Chief of Section, to the field, to the military, to the studio system. The content is always an innovation-driven industry, and in the past, innovation was mostly initiated by management, from top to bottom, and there was a stronger incentive for innovation under the studio system.
4.2 The industrial content system has evolved into a workroom system that enhances creativity.
In the studio system, all types of talent are brought to the studios for independent corporate operations. The studio managers are the producers of the programmes and all work together to produce the projects.
In 16 years, Guangdong Wai has taken the lead in piloting the system, and in 18 years Hunan Watch has begun to do so. Twelve workshops have been approved, with 51% of the directors of the 26 programme teams under the supervision of the independent studios.
A copy of the content-making system for Mango, from the original project manager to the current studio system, is also being upgraded in line with the company’s strategy.
The company is involved in the profit sharing of risks and has delegated personnel authority to the various studios, giving them full autonomy and complete independence in terms of the allocation of office resources, programme ideas, process closure, cost budgeting, etc. to stimulate creativity and improve efficiency from the source. The following are the features of the operation of the studios:
Workrooms are marketed. They operate in a more market-oriented manner similar to their own independent production companies, with independent resource allocation, programme creativity, process management, and personnel finance.
You can also get a budget in the form of a proposal from members, platforms, short video centres, etc., or take orders from other departments.
A market-based business model gives studio employees greater income elasticity, incentives for studio innovation, and skills development processes. Talents and teams are the source of creativity in the content industry and the key to the ability of content companies to create. Companies, on the one hand, give creators the path to professional development. Mango tv as early as 2014.
A two-channel management has been introduced, and producers have been divided into professional channels, headed by “executor-producer-producer-producer-producer-producer-producer.” Producers have been able to train their professional abilities on certain paths. Another aspect gives newcomers the opportunity to develop new and emerging blood.
In the case of the producer Xiaoji, who worked as a screenwriter for the first and third seasons of Star Detectives and then led the independent team to make love 1-4 seasons of Daughters, and in 2022 led the studio behind the new scene of Star Detective 7.
The studio has inherited the stability mechanism of the Hunan Vigilance, which is structured in a “one-hub-three-sector” system that connects the main studio, the programming centre and the innovation research and development centre III.
At the executive level, the studios use more flat management to provide a better creative environment for good creators.
In industrial production systems, the product life cycle is long and certain. The company content production mechanism can be summarized as "Train Teams with Projects, Work Teams with Projects" and, in the industrial production and talent development systems of companies, a series of multi-multicultural products with a long life cycle, and a series of Star Detectives with a seven-year life cycle and a steady amount of airtime.
Figure 44: Long life cycle of a series of multi-multicultural products: What is the way to shape a high-quality series of 5 mangos?
The series is more complex than the production of the polytechnics. On average, it is usually February-April/quarterly, and video shows usually take 6-December/departmental.
High, with television dramas and films focused on narratives, the division of the industrial chain is more complicated. The variety of art is done through a variety of on-the-spots, and later clips are done.
It takes 300 million dollars to produce the first episode. On the production process, it takes four years to prepare the script, after which it takes nine months to film, and almost a year and a half to schedule it.
In October of 21st, the 22-year exhibition of Mango tv, " Sisters of the Wind " , was launched. The mv was released on May 18 and officially scheduled for launch on May 20, and the show ended on August 5th of that year. The project was planned by the previous caller.
The industrial industrialization system has not yet been perfected, and the home-made drama system has been set up for use. The market has developed earlier and is industrialized earlier than in the amphibious market.
This has to be done quickly, with the launch of national dramas such as The Ages of Passion, The Sword, and The Insomnia. The launch of the Project in '09, the capitalization of TV drama companies, and the successful listing of private companies like Huatze, Light, Gyanxi, and Xingwen.
The top product-driven content industry needs to build mature systems to absorb innovation risks. The content industry naturally needs to be innovation-driven, but innovation risks are high.
It is more complex and more sophisticated and costly to operate continuously, especially in the context of the integrated N-generation model, where star and brand resources continue to accumulate and increase barriers. And, unlike the conglomerates, they are still dominated by individual projects that do not produce industrialization or serialization.
While the former platform has continued to build the drama community, the success rate has remained unstable, with the episode still being built at 5.2 content level, and the home-made play still waiting to be opened. In the perspective of quality content as the core of competition, we compare further the content of the four long video platforms.
The reason is that mangos have accumulated for many years, and industrial production mechanisms have been in place. At the time of the episode, the company’s layout was late, and it began to increase its investment in 2020.
Mangotv is a leading player in the industry. Aceeds play is very effective, with a multiplicity of arts taking the lead. In the first half of the year, in the first half of the year, in the third quarter of the year, it was 64.6, the number is at the top of the list.
The top 10 TV fairs on the 2023h1 billboard, with Mango tv in four seats, are " Big Detective 8 " , " Wind 2023 " , " Soundless Island Season " , and " Season 7 " .
The number and quality of mangotv is slightly lower than that of other platforms. In terms of numbers, 2023h1 mangotv plays are online in 19 cases, in Aichi, in evangelical videos, in a series of 63, 41 and 40 cases, respectively; in terms of quality, 2023h1 viewers are concentrated in 10 shows.
Mango tv has only one " Backwards " . Mango supermedia has set up a film and drama planning committee to manage the production, production and evaluation of the series in an integrated manner, to achieve full-process system control of evaluation, projecting, production, broadcasting, rediscording, etc., and to improve the quality of the film and film, to improve the overall competitiveness of the platform ' s series, and to create the path of excellence and branding.
In the future, based on a strong national corporate background and production team, the series is expected to be branded and refined, and will be upgraded. 34 strategic studios (four more than in the previous year) of the New Man Plan.
2023h1 has 22 video production teams and 36 strategic workshops for the New Man Plan, and 64 dramas have been launched. The television drama system continues to be built, operating in a studio system and connected to the project, and the system is beginning to work. 2023h1 is on the line.
In December 2023, the Hunan Vigilante & Mangotv dual platform organized a warm winter test and published a programme plan for 2023, which included more than 30 major events and large evenings.
More specifically, the Cyclops of Cyclops and Cyclops show 4; Cyclops 3; Sylvester Bono season; Time Concert 2; large evenings such as inter-annual evenings, young nights, etc. will be integrated into new and emerging technologies such as vr. and ar, which will bring new audio-visual experiences; and documentaries will be introduced in the field of trans-regimes and cultural programmes.
Table 9: Where did the re-growth of the advertising business in 2023 come from?
Mango advertising is dominated by content advertising. Corporate advertising is divided into soft and wide. Soft and wide is mainly based on the interior, so customers can brand names and implants. Soft and wide revenue is mainly homemade, home-made and custom-made movie shows (without extra-licensing copyright plays), and advertising revenue is mainly related to ip’s visibility.
In general, the company has a number of self-made cores that are well suited to the need for advertising brands, and client recognition continues to rise. The number of brands sponsored by Sisters on the Wind and Wave 3 is 27, and the number of brands sponsored by Voiceless Hong Kong Music Seasons is 10.
Mango tv's own-made multi-art advertising is powerful. From the advertising of some of the programmes on various video platforms, Mango tv's own-art art series has a far greater number of advertisers than the other platforms and has an absolute advantage.
tv, most of them are 10 or less. The multi-art advertising industry is large, the food and beverages industry is up, the advertising is embedded in brands of new consumer lanes, coffee and tea brands and female make-up, nursing brands are starting to pop into the market, such as Free flying, small stoves, permanent coffee, and so on.
In terms of fame, the search for brand ideas and the export of new consumer brands of expression, the dramas and alloys are the most priced internal, influenced by content broadcasting and economic weakness, and 23h1 advertising has declined in the same year. Mangotv advertising has grown rapidly since 18 years, from 2.4 billion yuan to 5.4 billion yuan in 21 years, and cagr is 30% more rapidly.
The reason for this is that, under 21 years of policy regulation of games, teaching, advertising is clearly narrow. Mango is a major marketing tool for all-rounding, where advertising is mostly directed by women to consumer goods and less regulated. Twenty-two years of epidemic, corporate advertising revenue drops by 27 to 4 billion yuan. 23h1 advertising.
Revenues of $1.79 billion, a 17% decline over the same period. The recovery was slower than the competition, as a result of: 1) q1 content is less aired, 2) the economy as a whole is recovering softly, and advertisers tend to prefer effective rather than brand advertising.
On the one hand, the advertising market reflects the expectation of advertisers for the future economy, with some post-consumption cyclical properties, and we believe that as the economy recovers in the future, advertising is expected to resume. On the other hand, the advertising market shows a clear magnification effect and high leverage, and advertising is spending more and more on the same scale.
In addition, advertising revenue is more strongly influenced by demand in the short term and is relatively rigid, so it is more profitable and more resilient than income elasticity. So the advertising industry shows a scenic-advertising-advertisement revenue-advertisement profits scale-up effect. As macroeconomic and consumer budgets recover, brand advertising is expected to grow again, so public.
The Department’s revenue from advertising is expected to return to its upward trend.Figure 52: How do we see the new mango exploration?
In the first half of 2022, Mango completed the Replenishment Unit, introducing the liquidity required during the strategic breeding period, and promoting synergies between the various business blocks of the Mango biosphere as a whole, such as the Mango dual platform.
ip resources, building small communities, enhancing user interaction, and launching thematic events such as the "Small Man's Day" and the "Cloud Xiaoqiao" festival. On the commodity front, Man has been identified as the "New Generations' Current Content Electric" and has expanded to include more than 500 countries.
The virtual digital host, “Small” to explore the shape of 5g+media products for the meta-cosmos. The “Small” was first shown on October 2, 2021, with 5g-high video multi-scenario applications from the National Radio and Television Administration.
The Dot Laboratory and the Hunan Mango Mirage Technology Corporation, which collects images of hundreds of women, will continue to be based on the 5g priority laboratory, which has been awarded by the National Directorate of Wide Electricity, to explore technological applications and business models for new forms of media products in the lower metaspace in the context of 5g.
Mangotv combines his own ip, business resources, and digital collections to explore new ways to distribute digital collections. Mangotv expands the online digital collection platform with a rich ip reserve and a rejuvenated user structure.
Brand influence, deep commercialization, and synergy with their own mango ecology. Products that have been released include the family ' s Psychiatry, Saffron, Han Xianxing Panda, and so on, and have become an important step in the exploration of the Mango universe.
Figure 55: Some of the Mango digital collections, " Song Chi 2 " , have introduced the i-talking function to open up a new pay-as-you-go scene. The company has launched the i-talking feature in the 7.29 series " Song Chi 2 " .
Each user receives three interactive dialogues free of charge, and the follow-up dialogue requires purchase at a cost of $2.8/10, $5.8/50, $29.8/1500. This function looks like a game of dialogue at the ghatgpt, which gives the person and character in the play. This attempt is the basis.
In the course of training in the content of the film, the new technology, “Modified Humanization Models”, is linked to the mango-specific pip content, introduces a hot feature collection of ai roles, gives the character and voice style of the play, builds a social system for the ai centred on the play, and connects the ip to the user's broken sub-elements.
Aigc+ip is the point of view for the future. We believe that this product is an attempt to combine mangoip and ai, and it is expected to be reused in more polytheistic and visual works. On the one hand, more visualization is provided to users, which effectively enhances user interaction and retention, and on the other hand, new attempts to add ip derivatives to realization are expected to increase.
In the long run, mango has a rich ip reserve, and we look forward to seeing the company's attempt at ai+ip, which is expected to open up the company's long-term liquidity space. 8.1 Prospective Prospective Profit scenario splits with business.
Mango super-media is a scarce national video content platform that captures policy orientation, content production, and leads the power market. In 2023, the number of high-quality company works was significantly higher than 2022, and the cumulative consumption recovery zone, Mango tv Internet video business: we expect the Mango tv Internet video business to be 2023-2025.
Specifically, the Internet video includes membership, advertising, operator business, and we make separate forecasts: 1) members: the company is continuing to promote the number of users and the current 88vip membership and mangoca in the moving zone is already low, so it is expected that Arpu will remain stable at around $6.0 a month. 2) Advertising: advertising market follows.
In recent years, members, and advertising companies have been able to maintain a stable Māori rate while maintaining content input. But advertising revenues have been affected by the epidemic, and the efficiency of the arbitrage has declined.
Recovering the business, the platform ' s Māori rate is expected to continue to rise, and the Internet video business is expected to be Māori in 23-25 years.
Content electricians: As the epidemic recovers, logistics under the line is restored, and rapid growth of Xiaomao users is expected to bring more businesses and brands to join. The business is expected to earn 22.2, 22.8, profitability in 2023-2025: Māori ratio, which in recent years has been a source of water for companies while maintaining content inputs.
Equities are generally stable. But advertising revenues are affected by the epidemic, and the efficiency of the amphibious economy is declining. In the future, with user numbers and cost rates, corporate costs are well regulated as a whole, and, due to firm sales costs are controlled in absolute terms, the stock price performance of the company is forecast, and the stock prices of the company tend to fluctuate mainly with the policy and product cycles. We'll go to the company.
At the beginning of the 21st year, the product cycle was downwards. The quality of the exhibition was not as good as expected, nor was it as expected.
As a content company with a country’s corporate background, Mango super-media has been able to take the policy direction and lead the content production industry.
And the product cycle has reached the point where the company’s advertising, membership, etc., is expected to grow again as quality content continues to be introduced. Moreover, with the continued catalyticization of the ai, the company’s valuation levels are expected to be restored.
Comparable companies, so we're doing a sub-business valuation through sotp. Internet video business: Echiart, Beep, Naifi is also a video platform, and the business model is based on membership and advertising, similar to the Mango Internet video business model, so we've selected the three companies.
As comparable companies. The market currently uses a ps valuation for three companies, with an average annual profit of 1.7 billion yuan per year for 23 to 25 years. Beep miles have not yet earned a profit (with a loss of 7.4 billion yuan for 22 years), Akichi has not earned a steady profit (with a profit of 4, 3, 600 million yuan for 22q3 to 23q2, respectively). 2) Mango business is not mature.
We're giving 2.3 times ps in 2024, corresponding to a market value of $25.2 billion. 'Operator business: we're choosing new players with the same business as operators.
Division. The average value of comparable company pe for 23 to 25 years is 15/14/13 x, and the average value of comparable companies is taken into account for the production of interactive content in new media: we select the author of a similar business model, Watsaw, and light media as comparable companies. The average value of comparable company pe for 23 to 25 years is 29/21/18 x.
Compared to the average company, considering that the company has the advantage of a network, and that its own platform already has a high-quality user base, we give the company 25 times the value of the business in 2024, which corresponds to a market value of $7.3 billion. Content electric power providers: we choose the same sort of meta-tyartus with similar business logic, and look to technology as comparable companies.
For 25 years, the average average value of a comparable company is 38/16/12x. The average value of a comparable company is 3.2 billion yuan, taking into account that the Department ' s own platform has a high-quality user base with a high-quality content flow, and we give the company 20 times the value of the business in 2024.
We look forward to the future benefits of the company's Internet video industry from economic recovery and content broadcasting, and the aigc exploration is promising. For the first time, coverage is given with a “recommended” rating.
The company’s revenue from advertising is mainly related to the expectations of the advertisers for the economy, which, if not for the recovery, could result in tight advertising budgets, thereby making the company’s advertising offer less predictable.
The long video industry’s upward trend may lead to a loss of membership. 4. Risks of new business expansion. Companies are actively setting up new businesses, including script killings, content electricians, etc., with greater uncertainty about the success of new business expansion.
5. The risk of intense competition on video platforms. The current slowdown in competition in the video industry could lead to a decline in the speed of company users and a significant increase in the cost of content. Methodology and analytical logic lead to conclusions, independent and objective presentation of the present report and accountability for its content and perspectives. This report clearly and accurately reflects research undertaken by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.