Recommended (for the first time) The full layout of the business of the institution shows great potential for development, the new leadership of the voucher industry is in the harvest period, and the integrated financial services drive the company to become one.
Industry labeler, private fund-raiser, first in the industry for four consecutive years. In 2017, the company built its core business on investment, trading, and hosting services, making constant use of the bond service chain, “Saleability + Financial Promotion + Trust Power + Research
The advantages of the issuing capacity plus the proprietor's pb system plus the financial strength” are the provision of high-quality integrated financial services to customers of private equity funds, base company fundamentals (update) gold subsidiaries, trust companies, etc.
By the end of 2017, securities assets of the company's principals trading class had increased by $182.5 billion, or 39 per cent, and the stock-base transactions of the company's principals had increased by the same amount.
24 per cent; total number of hosting outsourced products was 16354 (26.89 per cent of registered products, private fund hosting outsourced products, number and size, number of funds held in trust, etc. for the fourth consecutive year)
The mature wealth management model has contributed to a sharper decline in corporate brokerage than industry and a further increase in market share. In 2017, companies traded securities on an agency basis, and the Gold Evaluation System, which has improved marketing capacity and the quality of post-sales services overall.
During the year, the volume of sales of corporate financial products and the number of cumulative clients of wealth management plans continued to grow, bringing about the sale of financial products to 87.51 billion yuan, an increase of 2.2 per cent in the same year; the number of cumulative clients of the wealth management plan reached 2.54 million, an increase of 4.1 per cent in the same year.
At the operational level, the firm ' s futures market share grew in 2017 in a reverse manner, capital intermediation in the financial period grew robustly, and the market share increased simultaneously. At the end of 2017, the balance of the company ' s finance voucher was $5,499 million, a rise in the same year.
The balance of the pledge-type buy-back business was 59,128 million yuan, an increase of 36.44 per cent over the same period; the growth of the municipal investment portfolio was attributed to the fact that the financial debt of the abs plus boosted the bond-financing underwriting scheme, which increased significantly. In 2017, the company achieved a net income from the securities underwriting business.
We believe that the major reason for the significant increase in public bonds in 2017 was a similar increase in corporate abs and the financial debt industry, in which the company abs was responsible for $20,854 billion.
In 2017, the company realized the portfolio of entrusted customer asset management, management plans, targeted asset management plans, and dedicated asset management plans.
In the case of private equity funds, subsidiaries of private fund-raising companies have engaged in business far away from finance technology, derivatives, and ficc operations.
Corporate ownership of R & D is prominent, and companies have built leading institutional clients Xtrademaster; autonomously developed enterprise-level R & D development frameworks - xframeworks. Covers visual development platforms, harmonized access
Platforms, micro-services intermediates and a unified back-office business development framework; completed and invested in the operation of the headquarters data centre. In derivatives operations, the company currently has a market qualification for all options in the country and is the only fully qualified marketer;
In 2017, the Division stepped up its out-of-the-field marketing efforts and rapidly developed its operations; In-the-field options significantly increased the market competitiveness of offers. In the case of ficc operations, corporate bonds continued to strengthen macro- and credit-based research and developed significantly.
arbitrage-neutral strategy: to continue to develop the bulk of the commodity business, with derivatives self-directed, to cover non-ferrous metals and black varieties; and to actively apply to the National Foreign Exchange Authority and the SEC for the qualifications of the clearing business.
The company relies on a group of companies that actually control the hiring of people and management teams with a forward-looking and internationalized vision for the last year of the company's catch-up strategy in 2017.
The company's lines of operations are on the first line and are growing well. We believe that, especially in the face of the industry-wide downturn in 2017 in brokering, capital management and investment, the company's above-mentioned operations have experienced negative growth or decline.
Much better than the industry, reflecting the firm's pre-existing heavy reliance on wealth management and institutional operations, which continued to show good performance stability, with the company (consolidated credit collection) having collected 1,557 million yuan in January-February 2018.
The annual domestic stock market is stable, corporate institutional advantages continue to decline in size, new operations such as financial science and technology and ficc are less dynamic than expected, and the securities sector has become more regulated.
Pan Young-Long: Nine years of experience in securities research at Xiamen University, joined the Chinese Securities Research and Development Department in September 2017, mainly in research and follow-up areas: the new energy sector for electrical equipment, and the non-monetary financial sector. The report was produced by Chinese securities for the sole use of customers of Chinese securities.
We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the information and views expressed in the report do not form the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, and the information, opinions and opinions do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining this report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to anyone.
An independent assessment shall be made, taking into account their respective investment objectives, financial position and specific needs, and consult with professional consultants, as necessary, on financial, legal, commercial, tax, etc.