Ocean River stock (00204) Food beverages made Ocean River share: dominant product end price increases and demand for product upgrades rebounded
We learned that the blue of the ocean, the blue of the sky, the core product of the ocean's shares were adjusted again, with the final price raised by $10 per bottle, $20 per bottle. This was the second time in the ocean year, and the fourth time since 2015, the sky terminal.
We think that because the company's internal adjustment over the past year has been more effective and the end demand has recovered, the company has raised the price base; at the same time, the current increase in the end price has also helped to boost the benefits of the channels.
The dream blues are growing faster and the product structure continues to be optimized. Total equity/flow (million shares)
In recent years, the company’s rising sea and rising dreams have accelerated, driven by the rising trend in consumption and the spread of corporate propaganda. In 2017, q1, the company’s dream blues grew faster than the blues of the sea and the sky, and the blue classic series rose to about 75% of the company’s revenue ratio (2016).
Continued optimization, thereby further raising the company’s Māori ratio. High growth, sustained product structure optimization, sustained improvement in intra-provincial marketing, and high growth in out-of-provincial growth are expected to be sustained
Since last year, the company has made some positive adjustments to the provincial market. Quantified by the annual Ocean River Stock Exchange Report and a quarterly review: The provincial track stock has fallen, and the price of the sea blue distributors has risen by nearly $70 over the previous year.
Intra-provincial harvests have recovered in the second half of the year, with 2017q1 and the intra-provincial acceleration ring ratio continuing to rise; On the outside, corporate recoupling of the New Jiangsu market has helped to improve the effectiveness of information transmission.
The number of Xinjiang Su markets has continued to grow, now exceeding 400, contributing 70-80 per cent of the revenue out of the province, maintaining faster growth in the Xinjiangsu market to protect company performance The Xinjiangsu market has not adjusted as expected, consumption has not increased as expected, and the market has not expanded as expected
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.