Ocean River shares (00204) Food beverages are manufactured Ocean River stock dynamics are evaluated: high growth is maintained in the provinces and the product structure is optimized
Intra-provincial marketing has continued to improve and high growth is expected to be sustained. In 2016, the company achieved revenues of $17,183 million, an increase of 7.04 per cent over the same period; there was a backlog of problems in the long run, and in 2016 the company took the initiative to adjust the intra-provincial market.
There has been some success. Prices have been smoothed through the various channels, and the price of the sea’s blue distributors has risen by nearly $70 a year ago, and the market has improved. In the first quarter of 2017, the share of the company’s department and the market expansion brought about by the rising consumption.
In 2016, the company’s out-of-town market grew by 22.43% over the same period, and continued its rapid growth trend in the first quarter of 2017, with priority markets such as Henan, Shandong and Anhui growing at a higher rate than average.
The total market value/flow (millions of yuan) The number of markets has continued to increase, from 298 in 2015 to 393 in 2016, and is now over 400, contributing 70-80% of the revenue in the off-provincial market.
In our view, the Xin Jiangsu market provides guarantees for the maintenance of faster growth in the provincial and extra-provincial markets, and also for the consolidation of the corporate and extra-provincial markets.
Domestic market adjustments are largely in place, and the contribution of product Māori rates to corporate overall performance is expected to increase, while product structures continue to optimize and Māori levels are expected to increase
The blue classic series now accounts for about 70% of the company’s total revenue. Specifically, the blue of the sea and the blue of the sky account for about 50%, leaving about 20% of the blue of the dream.
In February 2017, the company launched a new product - the Dream Blue Handy Class, at a price between the Blues of Dreams and the Blues of Dreams, and the Blues of Dreams, the Blues, the Blues of Dreams, the Blues, the Blues of Dreams, the Blues of Dreams, the Blues of Dreams, the Blues of Dreams, the Blues of Dreams, the Blues of Dreams, the Blues of Dreams, the Blues of Dreams, the Blues of Dreams, the Blues of Dreams, the Blues of Dreams, the Blues of Dreams, the Blues of Dreams, the Blues of Dreams, the Blues of Dreams, the Blues of Dreams, the Blues of the Blues, the Blues of Dreams, the Blues, the Blues of Dreams, the Blues of the Blues, the Blues, the Blues of the Blues, the Blues, the Blue of the Blues, the Blues, the Blues, the Blues of the Year 2017.
And, at the end of January 2017, the company made annual price increases for the blue classic series, with the blue of the sea at $2, the blue of the sky at $3, the blue of the dream at m3, m6, m9.
And it's because the distributor pre-positions the Māori sales rate of 61.23% in a quarter, which is only 0.63 pct higher in comparison to the same period. We expect that, with the later distributors' acquisition costs rising, the company's year-long aim is to become a domestic wine and water empire that is expected to enrich its product variety through mergers and acquisitions.
The company's goal is to become a wine-water empire like Tiagio, where the products of the company are currently in the form of white wine, wines, wines, pretzels, etc. But with the exception of white wine, the alcohol is smaller in size, and most of it is still at the stage of consumer development and marketing.
It's white wine, it's mixed with a variety of fragrances, and the company is soft. The company's previous merger of Guizhou's expensive wine boosts the company's ability to produce white wine. In the future, it is expected that the company will continue to enrich the company's product variety by buying it.
Intra-provincial markets, after prior adjustments, are now improving, with 393 new Jiangsu markets projected to be more than 400, and the new Jiangsu market has improved corporate information.
Transfer efficiency and the rate of return on investment of resources guarantee faster growth in the provinces. On the product side, the dream blue share continues to grow, driven by corporate initiative and rising consumption, and the year-round Māori ratio is expected to rise.
At present, other alcohol varieties besides white wine are not large and are expected to be enriched in the future through M&As. The provincial market has not adjusted as expected, consumption has not increased as expected, and the market has not expanded as expected.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.