On October 29th, 2025, the storage chip market is expected to continue to improve.
The stock market as a whole has risen in the third quarter, with price increases for the nonflash and ddr chips showing a certain price increase, leading to a 3.7 per cent increase in the company's Māori ratio over the second quarter.
The continued release of long-term productive capacity further drives companies to deliver three quarters of their dram operations. The market-based ddr demand remains strong, with some room for price rises in four quarters, and corporate profitability growth is expected to be higher than expected.
“Study of the State dollar securities company — Mt. 603986.sh” company stocktaking report: “Dram competition patterns improved to enhance company performance elasticity”. “Study of the State dollar securities industry — storage industry report: ai demand and process improvement”
Level, industry acceleration into a new growth cycle. 2025.06.21 Upward risks: downward climate acceleration; winding-out of large overseas plants; smooth downside risks: downstream demand is not as expected: new product is not as expected: other systemic risks
Figure 1: Quarterly rates of growth (millions of dollars)
Figure 4: Corporate costs, Figure 5: Company inventories and swing days (millions of yuan per day) Figure 6: Corporate operations
The global macroeconomic improvement is now continuing, leading to growth in various sectors, and further improvements in the macro-environment will benefit companies’ performance. Large offshore plants are stepping up their exit: three primary plants are accelerating the reduction of their niche dram production capacity, if major overseas plants are slowing down.
The company’s demand for products will increase, and the company’s performance will accelerate. The new products are well imported: the companies ddr48gb and lpdddr4 small-volume products are in the customer import phase and are actively promoting self-researching of the lpdddr4x products.
Downstream demand is not as high as expected: industry is currently in a period of moderate recovery, with adverse impacts on the volume of sales and the rest of the product if downstream demand is not as high as expected. New product R & D imports are not as high as expected: company ddr4 is in customer import and lpdddr4x is in R & D
Other systemic risks are: China-US trade frictions, marginal political frictions, etc., Hong Kong market benchmark is a consistent index, the United States market benchmark is a standard 500 index or the NASDAQ index, and the new three-board benchmark index is a three-point index (for the agreement transfer target)
This report is presented independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner by the author with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association. The data used in my commitment report are based on compliance channels, the logic of which is based on the author’s professional integrity and competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects my research and adoption.