Liquidram has increased its volume and customized storage is progressing well in many areas. The company’s global market share is now around 20%, ranked second in two consecutive years, and will continue to hold second this year.
This year’s flosh is being stored and calculated, and car plates are being collected.
This trend is expected to continue, with a marked increase in the share of GDP. Looking ahead, companies still insist on a central goal of market-based farming, in the following areas: 1) In industry, companies already account for a major share of the domestic industrial market and will actively expand Europe, Japan, and Japan in the future.
The company continues to take good note of the growth of the car market, as the electricity and motorization of cars and the growth of electric cars are mainly domestic and the engines of growth are mainly domestic customers.
Relationships. The company ' s car regulations now account for a share of the domestic market, bringing both domestic and foreign lines together in the future, and actively promoting the trip of the car regulations to the sea and the opening of overseas markets. 3) Actively grasping the opportunities for capacity upgrading and new terminals at the end of the country.
Liquis dram: The projected price increase continues. In 2024 and before, Liquidram markets were dominated by large offshore firms, with three major offshore manufacturers occupying the highest/lowest price in Liquidram within 52 weeks.
The main share of the field. Since this year, there has been a marked change in the pattern of supply in the industry, with large offshore plants migrating to mainstream products, including ddr5, which have gradually faded out of Lijidram Jiming.
The price of Lijidram products rose from March to the second quarter. The Māori rate of corporate lijidram lines also rose from the first quarter.
Companies expect price increases to continue at least in the second half of the year. Currently, new product imports are well under way, and ddr48gb, after production at the beginning of the year, coincides with supply shortages. Companies quickly achieved product imports in the tv, industry, etc., and volume at the client level.
In terms of customized storage, companies are actively working with logical chip clients.
Several end-of-end applications have been covered, and some projects are currently on the ground. mcu: The income contribution of new products has accelerated.
The company's high-performance mcugd32h7 series, using the m7 kernel, with a main frequency of up to 600mhz, is the country's first Mcu, based on the m7 nucleics, which is widely used to develop ai applications, such as the ha7 straight-flow arc test.
There is widespread popularity and product imports on the client side. 2) Includes the gd32f5. M33 kernels, main frequency 200mhz, fully adapted to applications such as energy power, photovoltaic storage, industrial automation, plc, etc., which are also used on a large scale.
In the first half of the year, income growth was high, and the sector as a whole was expected to receive a high number of revenues. In the future, the company would continue to build the city to protect the power of the product. At the same time, the company would continue to increase its investment in motor vehicle mcu.
The macro-environment and industry volatility risks, supply chain risks, brain drain risks, exchange rate winds, we do a relative valuation analysis of the shares of the shares and the mcu company, which in 2025 was consistent with the company ' s ifind expectations of 16.49x. Companies have always adhered to multi-level growth and diversified business development strategies.
Global market shares are around 20%, ranked second in two years in a row, and this year is expected to continue to hold second place and drive long-term sustained business growth. Mcu and Liquidram operations, as growth businesses, will contribute significant future revenue and profits.
Resource development includes new operations such as customized storage, aimcu, and extensive co-establishment of ecology with excellent ai partners. In the future, the structure of the Division’s products will tend to diversify from a current situation of high reliance on flashes to a situation where multiple product lines such as flash, mcu, liquidram, automobiles, simulations, etc. will develop more and more.
The data used in this report are based on what we believe to be reliable information that is now publicly available and, through independent judgements and conclusions, seeks to be independent, objective, fair, and the conclusions of the report are not shared by other parts and personnel of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, fund companies, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.