Performance met expectations, with double price increases in the volume of stored products gestational innovation (stock code: 603986) Net return profit of $1.083 billion, an increase of 30.18 per cent over the same period; operating income of 25q3 was 2,681 million
The increase in the Māori rate and the net interest rate has been both significant and significant. The company ' s Māori rate was 38.6% in the first three quarters of 2025, up by 1.8 pct from the same year, mainly as a result of the price-fixing capacity resulting from improved supply patterns in the dram industry, and the synergies between demand growth in areas such as consumption, industry, automobiles, etc. and the product matrix.
The distribution rate fell by 0.3 per cent to 5.1 per cent and the management rate by 0.5 per cent to 6.6 per cent, reflecting a scale effect; R & D by 860 million yuan and R & D by 1.8 per cent to 12.6 per cent.
Net interest rate increased by 1.2 pct to 15.8 per cent, mainly to benefit from the increase in Maori and the cost of overheads resulting from the optimization of product structure
Storage products are priced twice, and customized storage is expected to become a new growth engine. The storage chip market is going through a remarkable “volume-up” phase, with major international plants such as Samsung and Light gradually shifting the production of ddr4/lpdddr4x to high-value-added products such as hbm and ddr5, leading to a significant supply gap in the niche storage market.
Structural adjustments continue to strain the supply and demand of the niche dram and noorflash markets, with prices entering the upscaling route since the second quarter of 2025, where corporate niche storage operations benefit directly from the industry opportunities. Meanwhile, Internet majors and mobile phone manufacturers have increased demand for customized storage products, and customized storage has become available.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
Peaks: Master of Engineering in Electronics and Communications, Beijing Post and Telecommunications University, Bachelor of Arts in Engineering, Jilin University. Two years of work experience in electronics, six years of experience in securities, formerly employed in the Department of Securities and Securities in China. Joined the China Galaxy Securities Institute in 2022 as head of an electronic team, mainly in hard-tech orientation studies. Prince Road: Master of Finance and Investment, University of Bristol, United Kingdom, Bachelor of Economics, University of Shandong. Joined the Chinese Galaxy Securities Institute in 2020, mainly in the scientific and technological industry.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.