603986.sh) storage cycle up, 3025 net profit ring not returned to the mother, 55.25% increase by sub-sub-diverse
3025 benefits from an increase in storage prices, resulting in an increase in net profit relative to the ring. The company’s main products include storage, microcontrols and sensors; the storage units are spinor, slcnand and dram, and the microcontrols include arm and risc-v open source nuclear mcu, and the sensors include contact control and fingerprint recognition.
Huhui2@guosen.com.cn chip. Benefited from the price of storage, the company collected 2,681 million yuan in 3025 quarters zhangdawei1@guosen.com.cn
The riki drams continue to have a constant climate and ddr4 revenues continue to rise. The riki dram continues to be in short supply, s0980522100003 and the industry head-manufacturers have been cut off or reduced to varying degrees, resulting in a large shortfall in liki dram production.
The price increase is expected to continue through the fourth quarter of this year, and will remain relatively high throughout next year. On this basis, the income share of companies’ ddr4 products has increased on a quarterly basis and is now over 50%, and the new product dddr48gb has accelerated its application.
Interest rates are raised on a quarterly basis and are expected to remain healthy.ai drives the growth of demand innorflash, and customized storage programmes continue to be promoted.ai application promotion brings a s0980525080004
Code volume continues to rise, pushing demand for nonflash capacity, industry growth is expected to continue to rise, and product prices are rising. Customized storage is progressing well, company-focused side-by-side reasoning is being applied, and now non-conforming downstream manufacturers are rolling out products based on customized storage solutions, and future companies will rely on them.
The pre-emptive advantage in this area is expected to take a prominent place in the top-side-ai reasoning market. The mcu application continues to open, with carbu-based product definitions, R & D, and market promotion of the whole chain.
In cooperation, the product will be used for the i-power program for silicon carbonated and nitroazepine, and the demand for power will increase rapidly in the future as the data centre increases its consumption, and the use of mcu is expected to increase. At the electronic end of the car, the D.D. has set up the Automotive Department to improve its operational efficiency, and the Mcua 7 series (m7 units) has been developed.
We've got project fixes, car rules noorflash keeps up with high growth. Investment proposal: We're looking at the multidimensional dimensions of a company-built storage/mcu/sensor plus simulation of a comprehensive solution. 603986.sh - 1025 Camp Co-generation growth, product lines and applications.
M.I. (603986.sh) - Outward acquisition to complete the product matrix, built-in booster, M.I.C. (603986.sh)-2024, growth in revenues and profits relative to profits, products, M.I. (603986.sh) - quarterly performance rebounds and equity incentives are clear
Figure 1: Corporate operating income and rate of increase in the same year (billion yuan, %) Figure 2: Changes in corporate revenue structure (%): Māori rate and net interest rate of companies (%, %)
Figure 5: Cost over the company period, Figure 6: Research and development inputs of companies and their share (billions of yuan, %) The author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion,
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author