Molotov cocktail innovation (603986) Litredram double-interested, customised storage prospects can be dated 27 October 2025
The company has a full material layout for Lidr32gb and 4gb, ddr44gb and 8gb and lpdddr4 small-volume particles, which are already in progress.
The research and development of the lpddr4 self-researcher is expected next year to develop self-research products and stock the research and development of the lpddr5 products. As large overseas plants accelerate to fade out of the niche dram market, the market presents a situation where demand is low, the Māl q1 of the company's basedram product line begins to climb to two.
At the above-digit level, firms are expected to continue to benefit from rising prices in the industry. In the income structure, the contribution of the ddr4 product rose significantly, to over 60%, with the new product dddr48gb coming in smoothly in the tv, industry, etc., and the lpdddr4 product starting to contribute.
The company and others are investing in the establishment of a holding company, Beijing Qingji Technology Ltd., which is planned to target the company.
Companies are actively working with logical chips and clients to cover multiple end applications. There are projects that are already on the ground, reflecting the advantages and results of the stacked dram in bandwidth, power, energy efficiency, etc.
To customize storage solutions, positive developments in current samples roll-out and chips include aipc, mobile phones, end-side smart devices, automobiles, etc. Companies have some pre-eminence in custom storage and maintain a good relationship with strategic suppliers, a leader in the industry and long-term competitiveness.
Liu Yinan has now succeeded in producing 64 series of more than 700 mcu products.
Qualitative consumption and industrial markets, which grew by nearly 20% in the first half of the year in the year 2025, have been growing faster. Companies have continued to fall around the product layout of the ai, with a good collection of light-module products, growth, and customer outreach in the field of robotics and server power.
The company has a strong gd32h7 series of mcu in the decision-making program, which reports a semi-annual evaluation in 2024: storage cycles are warming up demand.
Power hardware base, and a set of arithmetic tools to significantly improve the accuracy of the tests. The company based on wireless mcu-based big language model, supports ai smart voice dialogue, translation, domestic base storage +mcu taps, and prepares internal merit cycling cycles.
It can be widely used, for example, in smart accompaniment toys, smart homes, etc.
Corporate storage technology is leading, client resources are extensive, and new applications are being developed. We look forward to the company’s long-term development in the context of price increases in the storage industry, rapid development of custom storage and rising downstream demand.
The development of new products has not progressed as expected; the risks of increased competition in the industry; geopolitical risks; short performance: Zhao Xiaojun's 16-year work experience in the consumer electronics and communications industry, and has worked in many international branding terminals such as Hua, Alibaba, Motorola, Fuscomm, in research and development, engineering, supply chain procurement, etc.
This report has been prepared by Sino-China Securities Company Ltd. (which has acquired the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board). This report is not intended to be sent or issued for any purpose.
The copyright of the material in this report belongs to the SAC, unless otherwise indicated. No material or contents of this report may be altered or reproduced in any way without prior written authorization from the SAC.