Servers drive noor growth, reasoning accelerates 3ddram's commercial landing of the i server's Hbm specifications from hbm3e to hbm4, and the vortex continues to increase. hbm4 is an iterative product of hbm3e, with bandwidth, capacity, power consumption.
This technology upgrades the core performance indicators and the manufacturing process to enable the corresponding ai server to use 2048-bit interfaces to increase the transmission rate to 8gb/s with a total bandwidth of 2 tb/s.
The number of independent channels supporting Tsv piles on 4-18 floors has increased from 16 to 32 in hbm3. The Hbm4 physical structure and power supply management logic is much more complex than Hbm3e, and noorflash takes on the initials of the one server system.
On the other hand, the demand for a one-server has increased to a noor gap. On November 11, the Daily News quoted the Taiwan Daily Journal of the Economy.
channel, as the hbm specification mounted by the one-server moves from hbm3e to hbm4, the number of stacking layers increases by about 50%. gpu/dpu algorithms, bmc, raid controllers, etc. manage and store support parts
The highest/lowest price in 52 weeks drives the use of noorflash. gpu and dpu will be the fastest growing area for spinorflash applications.
According to the different demands of the interactive spinorflash, four different combinations of spinorflash are in use in eight groups of 8 British Weddaa 100 groups of Jo Immin, which are used in the gpu module.
In the meantime, the data-processing module dpu, which is marked as a cloud server, presents a hierarchical requirement for storage options because of the isomeric properties of cloud processing and gpu acceleration: 256 mb to 2gb capacity-adapted data cache
Interactive scenes with temporary high frequency storage, with 8-32m capacity meeting the storage needs of light-quantitative control codes, achieving an optimal balance between data efficiency and hardware costs by approximating the hierarchy of task loads.
Flash needs continuously upgraded: product options for compact space design that require small-sized encapsulation and high-capacity integration; high-temperature-resilient with high-temperature data centre temperature; enhanced driver capacity to guarantee signal completion in the face of interference and decay in high-speed signal transmission
Integrity; the demand for data encryption functions has increased significantly for high-security and sensitive markets; at the same time, the demand for small-volume flash stocks of 8-32 mb in bmc management modules and dpucards has continued to grow, driving the product towards light quantification and customization.
In an era of great development, there is a great potential for customizing storage market space. Ai model reasoning, in addition to arithmetic chips, the bandwidth and precipitation requirements for data storage are also key, based on the near-storage calculations of advanced encapsulations. 3drams are compared to hbm and traditional dddr.
3dram is less powerful than hbm and suitable for end-side low-power-consuming scenes, while customizing allows for higher bandwidth, which can be achieved by customizing more 1/0 interfaces and lower bandwidth for traditional ddrs; and 3dram is less costly compared to large overseas storage plants (hbm)
The price of the particles is more than US$ 10/gb, and the customized storage of the national product is expected to produce a significant downfall, which is more suitable for the spread of the sea-level equipment at the end. 3dram may be limited to storage capacity, compared to the level of hbm, where 3dram can achieve dozens of gb and can be applied to parts of the cloud.
3dram, based on high bandwidth, low power consumption, tailoring to customisation, matches the core demand for data transfer efficiency and power consumption control from the top to the edge of a person's reasoning, which was commercialized in cooperation with multiple chip manufacturers, on the edges, machines.
The multi-sense scenario of people, smart cabins, etc. breaks out, while the domestic industrial chain has been built from technology development to a full-scale system of production supply. The company customizes storage solutions, which are well under way, and at the end of the year, part of the projects are entering the client sample, small batch tests.
In the long run, the company is convinced that this technological route will be widely applied at the end of the country, and that the market space for customized storage will have great potential in an era of great development.
The macro-environment and industry risks, supply chain risks, brain drain risks, exchange rate winds, and the data used in this report are derived from what we believe to be reliable information that is now publicly available and, through independent judgements and conclusions, seek independence, objectivity, and fairness.
Ping, the report concludes that it is not open to other parts and personnel of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, foundations, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.