q3 battalion has reached an all-time high and the beneficiary industry is on the rise, and the tri-quarter review of 2025 (603986.sh) is taking place on October 29th, 2025.
The first three quarters of the year, Liu Xiaoqing, achieved $6,832 million, an increase of 20.92 per cent, a net return to the mother, 10.83 billion yuan, an increase of 30.18 per cent, corresponding to 2,681 million yuan in the quarter of 25q3,
During the quarter of Chen Wei Gwang, the supply pattern of the dram industry continued to improve, resulting in a positive trend towards higher volume prices, companies continued to deepen their diversified product layout, and demand increased during the reporting period in areas such as consumption, industry, automobiles, etc.
Since September, many storage giants, such as flashy, mer, light, Samsung, and West, have been pushing up the prices of their products, which have generally exceeded the price increase.
Market expectations. The current round of collective price increases for overseas storage giants, driven mainly by an ai application outbreak, has led to a surge in demand for high-performance storage chips for the ai servers and data centres, thus driving up prices in the entire storage market. As the generation of the ai evolves in a multi-module direction, the global science section is moving in the direction of a multi-moderated pattern.
Technology is accelerating the construction of data centres to boost demand for high-performance storage products, such as ddr5rdimm, and dscd. Cfm flash markets predict that storage prices are expected in four quarters as large overseas plants accelerate their exit from the niche dram market and add high levels of hbm, ddr5.
The company is expected to benefit from improvements in the industry and a return to the stock market, ahead of the deployment of niche products, such as noor flash, slcnandflash, and silicon dram.
Note: The “market index” of this rating systema has a depth 300 index of reference; the three new three-board reference point is a three-board indicator. The owner is only fit to use a study with a risk level not higher than the “middle- and low-risk” level, a “stable” investor to use only a study with a risk level not higher than the “medium-risk” level, a “positive” investor to use only a study with a risk level not higher than the “medium- and high-risk” level, and a “radical” investor to use the various risk levels of our Division.
This report is presented independently and objectively, within the limits of what is known, in a diligent and professional manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc.. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have not used the offer.