M.O.I. (603986): Storage supply and demand mismatches are short-term or difficult to mitigate, corporate base dram volumes rise short-term gaps in supply and demand for global storage products are difficult to fill, storage chips increase significantly, and companies benefit fully from the full increase in the price of the current round increase.
During the reporting period, the supply pattern of the company’s dram industry continued to improve, resulting in a positive trend towards a “high price rise”; the company continued to deepen its diversification of product layouts, growing demand in areas such as consumption, industry, automobiles, etc., during the reporting period, effectively synergizing with the company’s rich product matrix and contributing to rapid growth in business income.
In September of this year, the price of dram was nearly double that of the same period last year. On the global supply side, the main manufacturer of nand/dram, influenced by previous weak demand, price pressures and technology overlaps, responded to market changes by cutting production or cutting production from the old process in large, mainly three-star, Hercules-based enterprises, which led to supply starting this year.
In terms of global demand, the demand for network communications, consumer electronics, and industrial security has continued to recover in the second half of the year, in particular the rapid growth in the application of the ai reasoning, which has created a large demand for real-time access and high-speed processing of big data. Under the mismatch between supply and demand, prices have risen faster in the second half of the year, and it is currently difficult to quickly restore the high-speed response to demand in the short term.
Reheating and expected price increases may continue. Trendforce Consulting states that end-brand manufacturers, in order to prevent supply disruptions, have enhanced their smartphone lpdddr4x stock, which is expected to increase by more than 10% in the fourth quarter; dddr5 prices are also expected to remain on the rise, including dram products for pc.
With the rapid growth of corporate niches, the import and diffusion of new products has been smooth, and the future growth of new products may continue to be high. The company’s ddrdr48gb, after its production at the beginning of the year, is rapidly running out of supplies at tv, tv, and tv.
Imports of products and volume at the client level have been achieved in areas such as industry and have now become an important income group in the dram sector.
Partially. Lpddr4 small-volume products account for a relatively high share of revenue. Throughout the year, the company's history is high against a backdrop of rising volume prices — the company's summary report — is confident that the target of more than 50 per cent growth in the dram product line over the same period of income will be met. For the future, the company's goal is to spend several years.
Time has taken over a third of the domestic nichedram market, and it has become a leader in the domestic nichedram market, Mt. 603986.sh: Flash and Division. In customized storage, companies actively work with logical chip clients to cover multiple end applications.
The high volume of mcu sales, the rapid spread of likidram, the stacking of the bandwidth, power, energy efficiency, etc., are at a higher market level, and some projects are already on the ground. For a long time, companies are convinced that this technology route will be applied relatively widely at the endai.
In addition, companies continue to open new products and to open new markets for applications.
No direct or indirect relationship exists between the specific proposals or views expressed in the present report and the analysis and judgement of the individual researchers at the time the present report was produced, and does not represent the position of East Sea Securities Co. Ltd. or any of its affiliates or affiliates.
If the law allows, the company’s associates may hold and trade securities issued by the companies covered in the report and may be offering or seeking to present them.