Micro-Innovation (603986.sh) Electronics Group 1)
1. `MicroInnovation: Sustained Performance, Customized Repository Opening' 2) `The Company achieved operating income of 2,681 million yuan in the single quarter of 2025, compared to the growth of 2.
The profit ring has improved significantly in the company ' s upward cycle: since the third quarter of this year, there has been an increase in the spot price of storage products and a start to the upward cycle of storage, driven by a growing demand for storage from downstream applications such as pc, service, car electronics, etc.
In addition, the pattern of supply in product industries such as dram continues to improve, creating a positive trend of “high price rises.” Companies continue to contract deep and diversified layouts, while the product matrix continues to diversify, while demand increases downstream in areas such as consumption, industry, automobiles, etc., together contributing to faster corporate harvests.
The company’s 25q3 Māori ratio has improved by 3.71 percentage points, net interest rates by 3.74 percentage points, leading to a significant improvement in the company’s profit margin. We continue to see “national production substitution + customized storage” as the core growth logic of the company’s future:
1) In the field of norflash, companies are ranked second in the world, with a steady increase in demand for the primary supplier and downstream consumer categories in the interior of the country. 2) The exit from the niche markets has accelerated at large overseas factories such as Lijidram, Samsung, Light and Hercules, and the prices of ddr4 have risen rapidly.
3) In the mcu area, the company has advanced the layout of the aimcu product. 4) In the emerging domain, the company has developed customized storage solutions that are closely tailored to the needs of its customers, and client outreach is progressing well in a number of areas such as ai mobile phone, ai pc, automobiles, robots, etc.
Profit forecasting, valuation and rating Increased competition in the market; higher prices of raw materials; less than expected spread of new products; exchange rate wind; increased availability of services
Analysis of rates of related reports in the market