Xiao Ji-Sun
As the storage climate continues to rise, the company's valuation is reasonable, thanks to the continued improvement in the supply pattern of the dram industry, the positive trend of the company's dram products forming a “high price rise”, the 3q25 company's revenue grew by 31 per cent, the net profit grew by 61 per cent, and the rate of increase was markedly faster than 1h25.
Performance meets expectations. In the long run, the company is in the lead in the storage market, one of the first companies to produce a large volume of 45 nmnorflash, and the ddr4 base product customer is imported smoothly. At the same time, the company has successfully produced 64 series of more than 700 mcu products, the largest 32 in the country.
The value of the stock is now equal to 2027 p44, which is well valued, with an increase in storage prices, and a significant increase in the net profit of 3q25: thanks to continued improvements in the supply pattern of the dram industry, the company’s dram products have developed a positive trend towards a “high-value rise” in the first three quarters of 2025.
The company achieved revenues of $6.83 billion and yoy growth of 20.9 per cent; net profits of $1.08 billion and yoy growth; net profits of $510 million, yoy growth of 61.1 per cent; net profits of $500 million after deduction; yoy growth of product mix
Stocking chip sales Institutional investors as a share of circulationa Storage prices continue to rise and companies will continue to benefit from the outbreak of arithmetical demand, upstream capacity build-up
Global storage markets, driven by multiple factors, such as restructuring and traditional hdd supply constraints, have emerged from 2q25 onwards, with only July, when the price of ddr4 contracts surged by more than 60 {85} and 3025 sales rings increased by more than 100 per cent, with a projected price of 4q25 for storage products represented by drams expected to increase by more than 100 per cent.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. are not made by individual clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or reissued.
All or part of the report is printed for any purpose.