The company released its three-quarters report in 2025, and the net profit from the company grew steadily in the third quarter of 2025.
The cycle is expected to continue, with the end-ai storage pre-winding and the maintenance of the company’s “uptake” rating. dram industry has improved supply and demand, and the company’s performance of 25q3 has improved.
The market offer for 8gb3200 has risen from $2.30 on 3 June 2025 to $6.80 on 28 October, indicating that the company expects a significant increase in the second half of the year in comparison with the profit-based dram harvest.
The company’s dram product contract price rose at 25q2 and 25q3 was still rising. As large offshore plants fade out of the niche dram market, market supply and demand patterns change, and markets face supply and demand shortages, and product prices rise.
At the end of the ocean, customized storage has a pre-emptive advantage. According to the MVI, industry already has a pilot product that is customised and stored and has a good effect on its performance.
On 28th, Chase officially announced the launch of two ai chips, of which the core of the ai250 was the introduction of an innovative memory architecture based on near memory calculations. The aim is to provide efficiency and performance enhancement for "intergenerationality," which is expected to be marketed in 2027. We believe that customized storage is gradually gaining strength with the introduction and landing of early-generation products.
At the end of the spectrum, firms with pre-positioned advantages are expected to benefit from a deep wave of industries. The company’s business is expected to continue well in 2025, its basic landscape is expected to continue, and the company is gradually winding up, and it is expected to work together to maintain an “uptake” rating.
Storage chip price volatility risk, stock price down risk, sales below expectations, new product underdevelopment, 20250508 MPI 2024106
S.A.I.S.I.C. is qualified for portfolio investment consulting.