A modest increase in revenue, showing that the total volume of the panels has remained the world’s number one event: recently, the annual report for 2018 was published in Tokyo. In 2018, the company achieved an operating income of $97,109 million, an increase of 3.53 per cent over the previous year.
In 2018, the Kyoto East sustained a transition strategy for the promotion of Internet connectivity, with fast-track development of portware, smart assets and intelligent healers, and continued improvement in global competitiveness. During the reporting period, companies achieved a business income of $97,109 million, an increase of 3.53 per cent over the previous period.
The reason for the slight increase in corporate operating income is that the net profit of the shareholders of the listed company has fallen more sharply because financial and R & D costs have increased significantly and the cost of the product has increased faster than revenue. \triangleright
On this basis, the company has a product advantage, showing that the total volume of panels remains the world’s number one: smart phone liquid crystal displays, tablet screens, laptop screens, monitor screens, television screens, and the market share of the five major mainstream products.
In 2018, the company’s flexible sub-line, production in March, and production capacity and good product rates continued to rise; in November, the Wuhan line completed the capping of the main structure; in three months, the six-generation flexible aoled production line completed the top of the main structure, with expected output in 2019; and in December, the company signed an agreement with the city government of Fuzhou and the local investment group to announce that it was in the pipeline.
In 2018, the Kyoto wisdom complex achieved business income of $16.112 billion, although the harvest was slightly lower than in 2017.
\triangleright logos have fallen, but the Māori ratio of the product has risen from 8.47% in 2017 to 10.08%. The company ' s Sioux State manufacturing plant upgrade project completed its structural cap at the end of December; Chongqing manufacturing.
Factories complete construction and achieve e-label production; iot solutions community smart retail e-labels have opened up more than 60 well-known brands in the retail industry in China throughout the year.
Capacity 18.08.28 The current operating income of $1,152 million represents an increase of 12.50 per cent. During the reporting period, the first Boe brand product of the mobile health complex was successfully released as a smart sleeper; the Hospital Hospital of the Oriental Hospital of Hoyotung was officially opened in December; and the Eastern Hospital of Chengdu was officially opened in December.
Profit projection and rating: we expect business income for 2019-2021 to be $12,425,43309 million, respectively, attributable to the parent company ' s net profits \triangleright Sindh Securities Inc.
"Cindasecuritiesco. ltd House No. 1 of House No. 9 in the west corner of Beijing City, 29, 25 and 18 times, respectively, maintaining an "enhanced" rating.
Risk factors: slow macroeconomic development; declining State support for industry and companies; continued decline in the price of lcd products; excessive depreciation pressure and interest on loans led to continued deterioration of the company’s financial position.
In 2016, he joined the Shuda Institute of Physics and Masters in Condensed Physics, Beijing University.
This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSCP, which provides support and reference in investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above. It is not intended to the public that the report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the CSCR, but the CSV does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the points of view and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the report, and the securities or investments referred to in this report are not addressed to the public.
The price, value and investment income of the capital may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.