The lithium industry has non-ferrous metals, the chain of industry goes deep, and the future of the lithium industry leads to the Southwest Securities Research and Development Center.
Recommended logic: 1) The company, as a high-quality leader of global lithium resources, has a complete eco-chain of lithium industry, covering the upper, middle and downstream and recycling cycles, and is expected to build a closed ring business model; 2) The upstream resource continues to expand and is expected to expand to industry, middle and middle, and the company ' s lithium salt production in 2025 will increase to 300,000 tonnes/year.
• The global lithium industry leads, with rising volumes contributing to sustained and significant growth. As global lithium resource excellence, the company has a complete lithium industry ecological chain. Starting in 2020, a strong belt of downstream demand in new energy sources.
In the first half of 2022, the company achieved operating revenues of $14.44 billion, while the average tax market price for lithium oxide was $44.7 million and $4.25 million per ton, respectively, a significant increase in the same amount, driven by higher volume prices, and the strategic deep down the industrial chain to speed up the layout of the lithium battery plate. In the first half of 2022, the company promoted lithium electricity.
The scale and market share of the production of pool products contribute to the optimal upgrading of the lithium industry chain structure, with companies using their own funds to increase the construction of the new lithium battery project 5 gwh per year to 10 gwh, the construction of the new lithium battery 10 gwh per year to 20 gwh, and the construction of a new 2 billion small polymer lithium battery project and
● Vertical integration of business models and multi-product layouts to construct unique moats. (1) Upstream resources: continued access to high-quality lithium resources upstream globally, widening the supply of raw materials, existing lithium concentrates by the end of 2022
Production capacity is expanded to 900,000 tonnes/year. (2) Lithium salt in medium-stream: with the expansion of the market for new energy car-powered batteries, consumer batteries & tws batteries, power/energy batteries, solid-state lithium batteries, solid-type battery-based metal lithium production lines.
Company profile: The lithium industry, which is covered by the whole industry chain, is the leader of the lithium industry. 1.1 The lithium ecological chain continues to be configured to support the sustainable development of the company. The lithium industry was established in March 2000.
The operation runs through the entire industry chain of resource extraction, refining, battery manufacturing, and is widely used in the areas of electric cars, storage, 3c products, chemicals, and pharmaceuticals. Companies travel lithium compounds and metal lithium manufacturing.
Doing business, and successfully expanding to the upper and downstream parts of the industrial value chain, in order to obtain competitive supply of lithium raw materials, ensure profitability and operational efficiency, achieve synergies across multiple business lines, collect up-to-date market information and develop cutting-edge technologies.
Mr. Lee is the company’s first shareholder. In addition to the company’s top 10 shareholders, namely, the Social Security Fund, the Huaxia Energy Innovation Equity Equity Fund, and the Gold Crossing Fund, the company’s top ten shareholders are the company’s top shareholders.
The private equity investment fund No. 1 and the Sino-Credible New Energy Automobile Index-type start-up equity investment fund, each holding 0.49%, 0.61%, 0.50%, 0.42%, with the top ten shares accounting for 55.74%. Participation companies cover the middle and lower of the lithium chain.
Production of a series of products, which is mainly for the sale of lithium-powered batteries, the cycle is mainly for the production of pre-triple drivers, the sale of batteries and the recycling of metal scrap from batteries, and Ningdu is mainly for the production of battery-grade lithium carbonate. It is mainly for the sale and outward investment of lithium-series products, the development of upstream lithium resources (lithium quartz, lithium potassium salt lake) and the development of mineral resources.
From the production of raw materials, it is evident that the lithium industry and the equity companies are working through upstream lithium resource development, the deep processing of middle- and middle-stream lithium salt and the integrated recycling of metal lithium smelting, downstream lithium cell manufacturing and decommissioned lithium batteries, and that there are effective synergies between business plates to improve operational efficiency and profitability, consolidate market positions, gather up-to-date market information and develop state-of-the-art technologies.
The company has complete eco-chains in the lithium industry, covering both upper and lower run-off and recycling cycles. (1) Upstream lithium resources: the company controls a number of high-quality lithium resources in Australia, Argentina, Ireland, Mexico, Mali and our Qinghai, Jiangxi, respectively, through the global layout of lithium resources, covering lithium quartz, halowater, clay, etc. (2) mesocarbral compounds.
And metals: lithium compounds. The core of this ecosystem is the lithium-commodity operating plate, the main products of which are battery-grade lithium hydroxide, battery-grade lithium carbonate, lithium chloride, lithium fluorine, etc., which are widely applied to lithium-cell material, such as electric cars, portable electronic equipment, and chemistry and pharmaceuticals: lithium metal and alloy series. Companies have the highest capacity to produce lithium metal products in the world.
The production of different types and thickness of metal lithium, lithium, lithium bars, lithium particles, lithium alloy powder and copper lithium or lithium aluminium alloys, depending on the client ' s needs, is mainly used in the use of lithium cell negative materials, medical reaction catalysts, alloys and other industrial materials.
The solution produces lithium ion batteries, mainly for electric cars, storage equipment and various consumer electronic devices, including mobile phones, tablets, laptops, tws headphones, drones, etc. (4) lithium battery recovery: the use of electric vehicles and consumer electronics will lead to increasing social demand for decommissioned lithium battery treatment, and the company will have a wide market for lithium battery recycling operations.
The vastness of the economy has great potential and can further enrich the diversified supply channels for lithium raw materials, leading to a combined recycling of resources such as lithium, nickel, cobalt and manganese.
Since 2020, it has benefited from strong downstream demand driven by a net profit of $7.25 billion, an increase of 41.2 per cent. On a quarterly basis, 2022q1/q2 companies have achieved business income and stable corporate revenue structures.
In the first half of 2022, the company ' s combined Māori rate rose by 60.5% in the first half of 2022, and it benefited from a sharp increase in lithium prices in the first half of 2022. In the first half of the year, the company ' s lithium series, lithium battery series, and other products.
In the first half of 2022, the cost of the company was 3.2 per cent during the period, down 2.11 pp from the same period last year. Among these, the cost of sales, the cost of management, the company continued to increase its R & D investment for the upgrading of production technologies, and the amount of R & D spent 533 million yuan in the first half of 2022.
1.3 Investing in projects to speed up the process of integrating the industrial chain. In the first half of 2022, companies planned a series of expansions of production facilities to meet the growing demand for lithium, consolidating the leadership of the lithium-producing industry, and raised funds for the “subsequent acquisition of shares from Minaexar” and “tonnes”
The Lithium Salt Conversion Extension Project (LIP) and the replenishment of liquid funds and the mobilization of funds amounting to 10.72 million yuan, $473 million and $548 million respectively, of which 4.4560 million have been realized in the current year by the “Tonne Lithium Salt Expansion Project” as the Mtmarion Mine has been upgraded and expanded gradually completed, the release of the additional lithium salt production capacity of the tons of lithium salt and the internal and external epidemic blockade.
The company's sales of lithium salt are expected to increase in the second half of the second half of 2022. Table 1: Progress in the realization of the lithium industry project, the new energy automobile industry developed rapidly in 2022, and the company actively extended its production and recycling of lithium batteries downstream.
In the first half of the year, the company used its own funds to plan and build lithium products, lithium products, lithium batteries and battery products.
The Battery Project, “The new battery production 5gwh per year for the titanium-power cell II”, “The high-end polymer lithium cell development and the production base construction project”, which, as of the reporting period, was 78.1 per cent, 92.8 per cent, 33.0 per cent and 25.3 per cent, respectively, is under construction; and the cauchari-olaroz lithium salt lake, which produces 40,000 tons of carbonate per year, is under construction, with a single module beginning in August.
Debugging, pending completion of installation of commissioning, is expected to gradually release capacity between the end of 2022 and the first half of 2023. Table 2: The non-equity investment project in the lithium industry. In the first half of 2022, companies continued to acquire high-quality lithium resources upstream globally, enriching and diversifying raw materials
In the first half of 2022, the company increased the construction of the new lithium battery project, which produced 5 gwh in Jiangxi for the remainder of the year, to 10 gwh. In Chongqing, the new lithium battery and advanced battery research project produced 10 gwh per year.
This investment has helped to raise the production scale, market share, and research and development capacity of the company’s lithium battery products, and has contributed to the optimal upgrading of the company’s lithium industry chain structure, enhancing the company’s core competitiveness and aligning it with the company’s strategy for integrated upstream and downstream development.
Table 4: New project for the lithium industry2 vertically integrated business model, maximizing synergies with upstream resources 2.1: expansion strategy is stable and resource self-sufficiency is increasing
From 2015, the Lithium industry invested in the Australian company Rim, and won an interest in its montmarion Lithite project, thereby accelerating the global deployment of lithium resources. It is now deploying lithium resources in several countries, including Jiangxi, Qinghai, Ireland, abroad, Australia, Argentina, and Mexico.
15 major production bases, 2 major research and development bases, 16 high-quality lithium resources, and resource expansion strategies continue. 62% of the company ' s shareholdings in the project on the pine-coated tantalum mine were obtained in the first half of 2022 through the new residual mine: the stock cut-off from the Mali goulamina Lithite project was completed and 50% of Mali ' s lithium industry was acquired; and an offer was made for the acquisition of Bacanora.
At the end of the day, the company now holds a 100 per cent stake in the bacanora company and the soora lithium clay project; due to the tight supply of lithium concentrates, the mtmarion lithium quartz project has upgraded its ore disposal capacity, expanding the existing lithium concentrate at the end of 2022.
The company’s main business is optimized with the expansion of the new energy automotive battery market and product structure.
The products in the chain consist mainly of lithium carbonate, lithium hydroxide, and lithium metal. Of this, lithium carbonate is designed to produce 310,000 tonnes/year, lithium hydroxide 81,000 tonnes/year, lithium metal 2,150 tonnes/year, and production lines are flexible and can be exchanged between lithium carbonate and lithium hydroxide.
The company ' s lithium salt production capacity has expanded rapidly, and the company plans to increase its capacity by 2025 to 300,000 tonnes/year. It is expected that at the end of 2022, a test car will be launched for the cauchari-laroz lithium salt lake, with a capacity of 40,000 tonnes/year carbonate; at the end of 2023, it is expected that at the end of 2023, the city will have reached the end of 25,000 tonnes of lithium hydroxide: at the end of 2024, the marinea lithium salt lake project in Argentina is projected to be at the end of 2024, 20,000 tonnes of lithium chloride.
In production, 50,000 tons of lithium hydroxide were produced in phase I of the sonora lithium clay project in Mexico. In 2025, the company ' s lithium salt production was increased to 300,000 tonnes/year, with a recovery capacity of 100,000 tonnes/year.
Consumer-type batteries &tws batteries: The new tws wireless bluetooth headphone batteries were deployed in 2018. 400,000 daily tws batteries are now fully automated, while the new tws clients downstream are well-known headphones such as jbl, walkers, mobile phone manufacturers. The East Mandarin product belongs to 3c consumer-type batteries, 30 million/year total automatic polymerization.
In 2021, it invested in setting up a high-performance lithium-ion cell research and development centre in Huezhou and a high-end lithium-cell development and production base. In 2021, it acquired 100% of the new energy stock, expanding the company ' s lithium-power business and increasing core competitiveness.
Power/storage battery: The blade has already built power cell production lines in Jiangxi Xinyu and Jiang Susu, respectively, and Zhejiang is going to make a great deal of progress in the future of solid battery technology in the layout. This is a rapid increase in the production of the Lithium 6gwh high-capacity Lithium ion power cell project, which, by the end of 2020, had a capacity of 1 gwh, 2021.
In January 2022, the new lithium battery project was launched in Jiangxi and Jiangqing to build a new lithium battery that produces 15 gwh per year in Xinyu, which boosts the production capacity of the lithium power and storage cells, increasing the market capacity Solid lithium cells: the focus of the future development of the company's power cell business plate. The company has invested in the construction of 300 million Wh a year.
The commercialization of the solid lithium battery technology was accelerated by the experimental production line in the development of the first generation of solid lithium batteries. The first generation of solid liquid electrolytic cell products in Zhejiang have been installed. The second generation of solid lithium batteries used triodes, solid-state diaphragms and metal-containing lithium negative apole material. In 2021, the first East Wind 70 electric vehicles carrying the sharp-state batteries were officially delivered.
Lithium sharp was the first to industrialize the solid-state lithium batteries and was first loaded with the east wind. Lithium solid-state battery raw materials: the company owns 2150 tons of metal lithium products and is ranked first in the world. It is proposed to invest in the construction of the 7,000 tons of annual lithium and lithium materials project in the early spring phase, the new metal lithium molten salt electrolysis and the low-temperature vacuum of lithium metal.
Battery recovery: building a closed chain of supply to provide sustainable value-added solutions.
Ton/year recovery capacity, first in the domestic market for decommissioned lithium phosphate batteries, and third in the domestic market for decommissioned lithium batteries. In future planning, companies will build a large aggregate of 100,000 tons of decommissioned lithium batteries recoverable annually, according to the company ' s sustainable development report 2021, in 2021 only one year the company recovered nickel, cobalt, manganese.
Metals total 2,700 tons and lithium chloride 3700 tons. As the new energy automobile industry matures, decommissioned power cells are expected to be useful supplements to the upstream end of the resource, and company forward-looking layout battery recovery can enhance resource security and hope to hit 3 lithium resource demand and demand tight, and is expected to be a turning point for 23 years.
3.1 The short-term global expansion is limited and the capacity to release tons of lithium carbonate is concentrated over the next two years. Of this amount, the Chilean lithium resource reserves account for 42 per cent and Argentina for 10 per cent, and are concentrated in the Lithium Triangle on the border between Chile, Argentina and Bolivia, in the form of salt lakes. The Australian lithium resource reserves account for 26 per cent, mainly in the form of lithium.
Lithium quarries exist. China has 6.8% of its lithium resources, including salt lakes, lithium quartz, and lithium cloud mothers. From the structure of lithium supply, lithium ores are the main suppliers and are concentrated in Western Australia, with the Australian lithium mine in 2021 accounting for 45% of the world's lithium resources; the salt lakes in the Lithium Triangle in South America account for 33% of the world's lithium resources;
Lithium is the main contributor to the global supply of lithium resources. The spread of the epidemic in 2020 and the impact of a sharp fall in the price of lithium salt, which led to a reduction in capital spending by lithium-source companies in 2020, and the slowing down of the expansion of the project, which has led to the partial closure of the lithium mine in Australia, which is currently the only one.
As lithium salt prices rebounded, lithium mines were declared to resume production and construction everywhere, and lithium mines in Australia were suspended. The bankrupt altura was acquired by pilbara in 2020 and is scheduled to start production in mid-2022, with lithium concentrates capable of about 18-20 million tonnes per year (approximately 27-30 million tonnes lce/year); and the wodgina, which ceased production in 2019, also declared recovery in the past.
According to company performance announcements and production guidelines for 2022, we expect the supply of non-lithium mines in Australia to be 26.32/3045 million lce in 2022-2023, with vast reserves of lithium from salt lakes in South America and enormous potential for extraction.
With the recovery of lithium salt prices brought about by the rapid rise in downstream demand in 2021, Salt Lake South America accelerated the process of mining. Chile raised the current capacity of lithium carbonate production from 120,000 tonnes/year to 180,000 tonnes/first half of the year: approximately 25,000 tonnes/year of lithium carbonate will also be sold in 2022 in laroz-orocobre Salt Lake Argentina.
According to the performance announcements of companies and production guidelines for 2022, we expect 21.08/32.55 million tons of lithium from salt in South America in 2022-2023. China’s lithium resources are concentrated in the Sichuan region, where Jiangxi is the concentration of lithium cloud resources.
Corinne, Dam State, is one of the two main mining areas, with a more concentrated distribution of six mining mines with mining rights, with a resource reserve of 160 million tons, of which there is a great potential for future release. The Lithium Cloud Mothers mine, Jiangxi, has a natural advantage over the lithium quartz resource, located over 3,000 metres above Sichuan.
China’s salt lakes are concentrated in Qinghai, Tibet, China’s salt lakes are concentrated in Qinghai, Tibet, and China’s salt lakes have low levels of lithium, high levels of magnesium, low endowments, and carbon production.
Lithium sour, mostly industrial or para-cell levels, has not been widely commercialized in power cells, and in recent years capacity will be released as technology matures. High levels of lithium in Tibetan salt lakes, low levels of lithium in most salt lakes, and better endowments, but the attitude of the Tibetan government towards corporate development of salt lakes is not positive, subject to poor infrastructure, high primary energy costs and local populations.
Investment in the development of salt lakes is difficult. The future supply of lithium from salt lakes is limited, and we expect the supply of lithium from salt lakes in the country to be 78,000 per 100,000 tons lce in 2022-2023. 3.2 The development of the new energy industry continues to accelerate, with demand for lithium products rising faster than expected.
Lithium is widely used in batteries, ceramics, glass, lubricants, consumer electrons, etc. As new energy sources and 5g technologies evolve, new energy vehicles and consumer electrons have become important downstream areas for lithium. In addition, lithium carbonate is one of the most efficient ways to reduce energy consumption and protect the environment in the ceramic industry, and the demand for lithium will increase.
As a result, the glass and ceramic industries have become the second largest consumer of lithium. According to Marklines, the demand for lithium for new energy vehicles in 2021 was the largest, at 49 per cent; ceramics/glasses, lubricants 27 per cent, and consumer electronics and storage industries 14 per cent and 7 per cent, respectively.
Lithium metals are widely used in the manufacture of new-energy car-powered batteries because of their low quality and high combustion temperature. In 2021, the global lithium demand structure, with about 49 per cent of new vehicles, was the largest demand end. Moreover, in 2021, the global production of new energy vehicles was 5.16 million vehicles, an increase of 59.06 per cent, and in 2021, China ' s power cell load was 154.50gwhh, the same ratio.
Until power cell penetration, consumer electronic batteries were the main demand end for lithium batteries. The rise of 5g, new consumer electronics, reversed the decline of lithium batteries in traditional consumption and created new growth space.
For 1,352 million, an increase of 453% over the same period; for flatboard computers, the volume was 169 million, an increase of 3.18% over the same year. As the consumer demand for the consumption of the e-Little Extension is raised, demand for the consumption of e-Lithium is expected to continue to grow steadily in the future. Based on the boom in the new energy vehicle and energy storage system industries, we project total global lithium demand for 2021-2023.
At the supply end, the additional production capacity of the South American Salt Lake affected by the epidemic has fallen short of expectations, the short-term shutdown of the Australian mine has been difficult to resume, and the supply of lithium resources has been limited in the short term. At the demand side, the lithium demand structure has been dominated by ceramics and glass.
The demand for lithium will continue to rise as traditional industries shift into growing sectors like new energy today, accompanied by over-anticipated growth in the demand for new energy vehicles and a boom in energy storage. We expect a supply gap of 4.73 and 236,000 tons of lce in the lithium industry in 2022-2023, with a short-term shortfall in supply and demand.
As a result of the spread of the epidemic in 2020, the supply of the upstream lithium mine contracted and the price of lithium was at the bottom in 2020. As a result of the over-anticipated increase in the demand for the downstream of the new energy engine, lithium prices started to rise significantly in 2021. As of 8 August 2022, the price of battery-grade lithium carbonate was 47.4 million yuan per tonne, or 415.22 per cent more than last year; and the price of lithium hydroxide was 467.5 million yuan per tonne, or more than last year.
336.92% long. The short-term supply of lithium resources will continue to fall short, supporting the continued high cost of lithium. The rate is 100% and the corresponding sales are 2128.5 tonnes. Based on the high cost of lithium and possible future price reductions, battery-grade lithium carbonate is expected: based on the release pace of the company ' s battery-grade lithium carbonate production, taking into account the tight demand for and supply of lithium resources.
Lithium cell core tws button cell: Based on company lithium battery production planning, and given the strong downstream demand, the corresponding sales volume is expected to be 12000/1300-14000 in 2022-2024. Based on the rapid trend in lithium cell development, it is expected that we have selected the four companies that are closest to the industry's lithium industry: Tin Chili industry, new lithium energy, Tibetan mining, etc.
Persistence material, 13/11/8 times the average per cent in 2022-2024. Three of the biggest sights for the future of the lithium industry are: 1) the company, as the global leader of lithium resources, continues to expand and the resource base is expected to increase further; 2) the company ' s capacity to produce lithium salt is released, downstream supply and demand is tight, industry is on the rise, and is expected to rapidly improve its performance elasticity: 3) the company ' s vertical extension of the industrial chain, lithium
The battery business has matured, and is expected to add to the company’s performance. Combined with the valuation of the label company and the current capacity of the lithium industry to produce and release lithium salt, the price of new energy cars has fluctuated significantly, the volume of new vehicles sold below expectations, and the risk of operating overseas assets.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.