It is strongly recommended (first coverage) to build an integrated industrial chain, and there is much to be done in the lithium industry - the lithium industry (002460.sz) covered for the first time.
The global lithium industry is leading and growing. The company is the world's leading producer of lithium and lithium compounds, the company's main business is the development of lithium resources, the production of lithium compounds and lithium metal, the production of lithium batteries, and the integrated recycling of used and end-of-life batteries.
The company has a vast and diverse pool of lithium mineral resources throughout the world, and is the only industry with a combined industrialization of halowater lithium, ore lithium and lithium recovery technology.
Lithium is designed to produce 0.2.15 million tonnes per year, with production taking a leading position within the industry. The clean energy industry is growing rapidly, and the lithium industry is booming.
Impact. Most of the global resources of lithium halogium are concentrated in the “lithium triangle” of Chile, Argentina and Bolivia, but the development of salt lakes has a longer or slower growth in supply. According to bacanora, the demand for lithium will continue to be boosted by the high levels of new energy vehicles and storage. According to Wood McKen.
It is projected that the global lithium resource requirement of 2021-2023 will be 52.0-65.8-79.7 million tons, and that the capacity to build lithium ecosystems will be vast. Companies will build integrated industrial chain layouts that guarantee stable operations and significant synergies.
Construction projects are planned to double production capacity to 900,000 tonnes/year by 2022; the Pilgangoora II project is under construction. On the metrostream side, the company’s products cover five major categories of more than 40 lithium compounds and a variety of metals.
In downstream, the company’s lithium battery business is now deployed in the four areas of consumer-type batteries, tws batteries, power/storage cells and solid-state batteries, with products moving forward continuously; In the case of decommissioned lithium batteries, the company now has 34,000 tonnes/year recovery capacity.
With the gradual release of the company’s productive capacity, the industry’s climate continues to be high. We expect secondary coverage, with a “strongly recommended” rating.
Companies: The global lithium industry is leading, with strong growth momentum, and corporate growth is strong. The company is the leading global producer of lithium and lithium compounds for metals.
Lithium resources development, lithium compounds and metal lithium production, lithium cell production and the integrated recycling of used and end-of-life batteries. The company-owned lithium mineral resources are distributed across the globe and have a wide variety of resources, and are the only ones in the world with both halogenated and lithium.
In terms of lithium products, the company is currently designed to produce tons of lithium carbonate per year, and production is in the forefront of the industry. The company is the first listed company in the country’s lithium industry, with strong momentum.
In 2010, it was the first listed company in the country’s lithium industry. In the course of its development, the Department invested in the creation of several subsidiaries, more than 10 lithium resource projects, business maps and industry chains, and established partnerships with Tesla, the German public, and the German BMW. The company joined forces in Hong Kong in 2018.
The first company to be listed as a "a+h" company in the lithium industry is listed on the market.
The top five shareholders in the company are Hong Kong Central Clearing (Agent) Ltd., Lee Liang Bin, Wang Xiaosheng, Hong Kong Central Clearing Company Ltd. and Huang Xuan, with 20.05%, 18.80%, 7.02%, 6.57%, 0.81% respectively.
The company’s production of lithium and lithium battery products continued to increase. The company’s output data for 2021 were impressive, with tons of lce rising by 67.98 per cent and 43.97 per cent in the same year, reaching a four-year high, and the production of lithium-series products and the company’s lithium resource projects were mostly under construction, with potential for higher performance.
The mines are mainly from lithium quarries, halowater, and lithium clay. The lithium quartz resource project, the .mountmarion project, is in operation, the Pilbarapilgangoora project is in operation, the second phase of the project is under construction, and the Finniss, Goulamina and Manono projects are under construction.
The company has 15 major production bases, most of which are located in Jiangxi. The company is now producing.
Nine of the production bases are located in Jiangxi, with the exception of the Huaizhou base in Guangdong, which is under construction. For the offshore base, the cauchari-olaroz base, the Mariana base in Argentina, and the Sonora base in Mexico, are under construction.
In terms of operating income, in the first quarter of 2022, the company achieved operating income of $5.365 billion, an increase of 233.91 per cent.
Business income rose by 102.07% over the same period by $11,162 million. The significant increase in corporate operating income was mainly a factor of 276% over the same period. The increase in corporate Maori was mainly due to the increase in the volume of lithium products. The increase in the gross cost of the company was higher and the cost rate was less volatile. On the absolute scale of the cost, 2021
During the same period, 9.56% decreased slightly, mainly as a result of the company's optimization of production processes, lower costs, energy savings, a significant increase in net return earnings and a steady recovery in net interest rates. With respect to total return net profits, the company achieved a net return profit of 3.525 billion in the first quarter of 2022, an increase of 640.41% in the same year.
In terms of net interest rates, the Division continued to optimize the level of the process in the first quarter of 2022, consumer electronic demand increased steadily, and the net interest rate levels of the company were still expected to hold.
Industry: The clean energy industry is growing rapidly, and the lithium industry is very high 2.1. Overview: Lithium is a vast field of application and its importance is gradually being highlighted. Lithium is excellent in energy and is silver and white. Lithium is a silver and white metal.
Lithium metal is more active and easily molten with any gold other than iron. Lithium has a dense and stable helium binocular layer, easily polarizes other molecules or ions, but it is not easy to polarize itself. Lithium can be made because of its unique physicochemical properties.
Lithium ion batteries, which are used as high-energy storage mediums, have wide scope for development in the field of storage of energy cells. Lithium performance is excellent in a wide range of applications. With rapid downstream development, lithium can be widely applied in a wide range of fields by virtue of its excellence. Lithium is not only a core material for lithium ion batteries, but also in the metallurgical industry.
It is also an indispensable deoxygener or dechloride for light-forming alloys such as magnesium and aluminium. Lithium is used as a solvent when making ceramics. Moreover, as a result of burning, lithium is one of the best metals to be used as rocket fuel.
The lithium industrial chain starts with primary ores and halogens, which are smelted, processed and used in batteries, aerospace and other fields. The production of lithium starts with solid ores and liquid halogenated water, in which solid ores include lithium clouds, lithium quails and lithium overlays, and liquid lithium mines refer to salt lakes halogen, geothermal halogens and seawater.
and halogen water from smelting to extract technical-grade lithium carbonate and from deep processing to obtain lithium hydroxide, battery-grade lithium carbonate, lithium chloride and lithium high-purity carbonate, etc., which are eventually applied in a variety of fields such as smoothing agents, batteries, organic synthesis, aerospace, chemical drugs, etc.
2.2. Supply: Production in Australia and South America is expected to increase steadily, but at a slower pace. Lithium mines are mainly located in South America, and Australia is the first producing country. According to the distribution of reserves, by the end of 2021, Chilean lithium reserves stood at 9.2 million tons, the largest in the world.
41.8 per cent of global reserves; with the exception of Chile, Australia, Argentina and China, respectively, account for 25.9 per cent, 10.0 per cent and 6.8 per cent of the reserves, respectively.
Lithium mineral production accounts for 55.0 per cent of global production; Chile and my country are closely followed by 26 per cent of annual production; and Chile is the world's largest lithium reserve in figure 21.2021. Australia is the world's largest lithium mine in figure 22.2021.
In the case of lithium mines, the continued development and expansion of the eight largest lithium mines in Australia will provide sufficient lithium supply, which is expected to remain high in the future. In the case of salt lakes, there are sufficient lithium resources in Chile, Argentina, and large salt lakes.
The supply of lithium resources will continue to grow as South America’s major salt lakes continue to expand in the future, and the supply of lithium resources will then be boosted. With the continued development of the upstream lithium mines, salt lakes, there is an abundance of lithium resources in Australia.
There are eight established and under construction mines in Australia, with the highest level of Li2o grade of 2.1 per cent for greenbushes, and the remaining Li2o of the mines between 1.0 and 1.5 per cent for lithium resources.
On the volume side, the worldgina lithium resources amount to 259.2 million tons, equivalent to 748.8 million tons, and are Australia’s richest lithium-rich mine. On the reserves of lithium ores, greenbushes have 16.07 million tons of lithium ore reserves, corresponding to 8.3 million tons of lce.
The main lithium mines in Australia are located in Western Australia, and the lithium mines are rich in resources. In terms of distribution, the eight major lithium mines in Australia are currently located in Western Australia, with greenbuses, mtmarion, mtcatlin, baldhill, mtholland in the south, and wedgina,
Pilgangoora-pilbara, Pilgangoora-altura are located in the north-west. In addition, there are currently dozens of lithium mining projects in the survey and detection phase in Australia, mostly in Western Australia.
With the combined effects of power shortages, coupled with the spread of the epidemic, the recovery of altura and wodgina projects in Australia has been expanding, the cost of manpower may be higher than budgeted, and the increase in the supply of lithium resources in Australia is expected to be significantly reduced in the production of additional lithium mines.
2.2.3. South America: Lithium halowater is rich, lithium halogium is rich in the “Lithium Triangle” region, which has a long development cycle for salt lakes, and the actual supply is increasing or will be slower.
Triangular, the largest concentration of lithium halo in the world. Bolivia ' s yuuni Salt Lake is more difficult to develop because it is too high for lithium magnesium. Currently, Chile ' s tacama, Argentina ' s hombremuerto and Argentina ' s laroz are the main lithium-producing lakes in the South American region, of which the amount of its salt lake is Tacama.
6.3 x 106 tons, the largest salt-producing lake in the world; most salt-lake projects in Argentina are in the process of being built. Actual supply increases or will be slower due to the longer development cycle of salt lakes and the more productive slope cycles.
The battery has become the most important application area for lithium in the 2010 initial phase of the development of the lithium tank, which is mainly used in traditional areas such as lubricant, ceramics, etc.
Seventy-three percent of the volume, compared to 27 percent of the needs in the lithium battery sector. With the expansion of clean energy, lithium demand has changed significantly from the chain of downstream industries. By 2020, the global lithium demand in batteries had risen to 69 percent, with power cells accounting for the largest 37 percent, with the rest being consumption batteries.
Figure 27. Global lithium demand structure 2010 Figure 28. Global lithium demand structure 2020
In the context of energy-efficient and environmentally friendly trends, policies have been put in place globally to promote clean energy development, with new downstream energy sources and storage industries high, and power cells and storage batteries expected to fully boost lithium demand.
According to Wood McKenzie, the demand for lithium 2021-2023 is expected to increase globally by 52.0-65.8/797 million, respectively. Global new energy vehicle sales have continued to rise in recent years, reaching 6.44 million vehicles by 2021, an increase of 107.45 per cent.
In historical trends, the global volume of new energy vehicles has risen steadily, with global sales of new energy sources ranging from 1.9 million vehicles, 1.99 million vehicles, 2.1 million vehicles and 3.11 million vehicles, respectively, growing at an average annual compound rate of around 37.70 per cent.
Figure 30. High-speed increases in the global market for new energy vehicles, with a 172% increase in the annual production of power cells in June 2022. With the rising demand for power cells in recent years, our production of power cells has increased at a very high rate.
Long trend. According to data from the China Automotive Battery Industry Innovation Alliance, China ' s cumulative power cell production in June 2022 was 219.69gwh, an increase of 170.11% from the previous year.
Lithium ion batteries have a significant advantage over other batteries and have greater space potential for future applications. Lithium ion battery discharge times are adjusted for a few hours according to the number of configurations, with a battery life of about 5-15 years.
As future lithium-ion cell technology develops, lithium-ion cell performance is excellent, and applications have great space potential. Global demand for electrochemical storage is increasing, and the demand for lithium carbonate continues to rise.
The demand for electrical and chemical storage energy continues to rise, and according to Woodmackenzie data, the size of the global electrical and chemical storage capacity as of 2020 is about 28gwh, an increase of 55.6 per cent over the same period, and it is expected that future global energy demand for electrical and chemical storage will continue to grow and will reach 1182gwh by 2031.
The pool may be in the main direction of storage batteries, and the continued increase in demand for electrical and chemical storage energy will lead to a sustained increase in the global use of lithium carbonate.
Strengths: The construction of lithium ecosystems, the capacity to increase their capacity 3.1. The construction of integrated lithium ecosystems, the synergy of which is evident. The company builds integrated lithium ecosystems and achieves full-scale chain coverage.
State systems, with production covering five major groups of more than 40 lithium compounds and a variety of lithium metal, are one of the manufacturers with the best supply of lithium-series products. Companies start with the manufacture of middle and middle lithium compounds and metal lithium, extending the industrial chain up and down, vertically integrated operations, currently covering upstream lithium resource development, middle and middle lithium.
Deep salt processing and metal lithium smelting, downstream lithium battery manufacturing, etc., are integrated into the industrial chain, and the Division has integrated lithium battery recycling operations that have resulted in the closure of the ecosystem system.
On the upstream side, the company's location of lithium resources is beneficial in guaranteeing the stability of raw materials and reducing the cost of raw materials. On the downstream side, the company's downstream extension will make it easier to capture the latest market developments and know-how, raise industry sensitivity and adjust the whole in a timely manner.
Business strategy. At the same time, the extension of the industrial chain also allows for synergies with customers, for example, the customers of lithium processing operations are the main suppliers of battery operations; the company ' s lithium battery recovery operations can meet the demand for decommissioned battery recovery from batteries manufacturers and electric vehicle manufacturers downstream, with synergies, with customers.
3.2. Upstream: the layout is diverse, there is a great potential for resource development. The reserves of lithium resources are stable and diverse, and existing charter agreements can support the need for expansion schemes.
The supply of raw materials is stable and diversified in the Qinghai and Jiangxi regions. Lithium lifting technology includes halogen, lithium ore and lithium recovery. The company’s existing subcontracting agreements support the demand for raw materials for current production capacity and current expansion programmes, and the supply of quality and stable raw materials ensures that the company’s operations function properly.
Figure 35. The company ' s lithium resources are configured in a stable and diversified manner, and the quality of the company ' s lithium resources is of high quality and potential for development.
The mtmarion lithium quartz project and the pilbarapilgoora tantalum mining project are among the leading global deposits and high quality. With regard to lithium halogenation, the company's layout has a higher concentration of cauchari-olaroz lithium and a similar abundance of lithium resources.
The project has great potential for development because of its unique resource advantages. Five projects, including the Mariana project, are described above as contributing to the company’s most recent major resource growth. Marion, located in the Kalgoorlie mining area of Western Australia, became operational in February 2017.
Mtmarion's parent company rim shares 50%, and pmi (a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Australian listed company mrl) holds another 50% share. According to 2016 data on resource exploration, the mtmarion mine produced approximately 77.8 million tons, lithium oxide content 1.37%, and iron oxide content 1.09%.
According to the “Announcement on progress in the expansion of the mtmarion project”, the mtmarion project is expected to expand from 450,000 tonnes/year to 900,000 tonnes/year by the end of 2022. In the case of the sale, the company has given 49% of the total production of the marion lithium concentrate and 51% of the pmi, and the parties have agreed that it will be processed by the company.
Lithium lithium quartz on pmi, which is sold by the company. Figure 38. Numbermarion lithium image pilgangoora, which is in operation, has an upscaling space.
The tantalum mine, located in Western Australia, is one of the world ' s largest lithium quartz mines, which came into production in 2018 and is owned by pilbara. By the end of 2021, the company held 6.16 per cent of the pilbara equity.
The total quantity of lithium oxide is 2.86 million tons, with an average grade of 1.27%. In the case of the sale, the company is provided with no more than 160,000 tons of lithium concentrates per year for the first phase of the project; as the construction of phase II progresses, the sale volume of the cauchari-olaroz Salt Lake is expected to be operational in 2022, and the company has acquired 40,000 tons of batteries per year.
The cauchari-laroz Salt Lake project is located in Jujuy province, north-west of Argentina, with solar energy as the main source of lithium. The cauchari-laroz project is owned by Minaexar, which holds 46.67% of the shares of Minaexar.
In terms of capacity planning, the cauchari-laroz lithium salt lake project produced 40,000 tons of lithium carbonate in the first phase, and the second phase of expansion produced no less than 20,000 tons of lithium carbonate equivalent.
Seventy-six per cent of the rights to the sale of products. Figure 42. Image of salt lake cauchari-olaroz. Mariana salt lake combined resources amounting to 8.12 million tons lce, the main source of resources for the follow-up company
Mariana is located in Salta, Argentina, where, according to a technical report issued by Golderassociatesconsulting Ltd., the resources of Mariana total 8.12 million tonnes of lce. In terms of equity, the Mariana lithium salt lake is held 100% by the company.
Already approved by the Government of the Province of Salta, Argentina, 20,000 tons of lithium chloride plants are gradually under construction. The sonora lithium clay phase, 50,000 tons of lithium hydroxide, is under construction, and the company is responsible for 50% of the sale. The sosoora lithium clay project is located in Sonora, Mexico, and the company holds 50% of the sosoora shares.
The advantages of the lithium extraction process, combined with ore lithium and salt lakes, under the sonora lithium clay project, can be completed in a short period of time at a rate similar to that of lithium ore, and can be extracted at a lower cost from halowater lithium.
The assessment report indicates that the total amount of lithium resources for the project is approximately 8.82 million tonnes, with a planned production capacity of 50,000 tonnes of lithium hydroxide. The company has arranged for the sale of 50% of the lithium product output for the project phase and will have the option of increasing the amount of lithium product packaged for the project phase II to 75%.
Figure 46. Location of the lithium clay project 3.3. Midstream: The ability to produce lithium compounds expands, and the ability to produce lithium metal is the world's first in number. Lithium compounds are the company's core plate, and the capacity to produce continues to expand.
Lithium concentrates, the main products of which are battery-grade lithium hydroxide, battery-grade lithium carbonate, lithium chloride, lithium fluorine, etc. The customers include, inter alia, battery-grade material manufacturers, battery manufacturers and caroem manufacturers. As of the end of 2021, the company ' s lithium carbonate production was 28 000 tonnes/year, and lithium hydroxide production was 70,000 tonnes/year.
With more projects under way, in the case of lithium carbonate, the caucharilaroz phase, with a capacity of 40,000 tons, is expected to start production in 2022, with a capacity of not less than 20,000 tons of lce in the second phase, and production is expected to start in 2025; the new hydrogen oxidation project, with a new annual capacity of 50,000 tons of lithium electric new energy material, is expected to start at 25,000 tons of lithium hydroxide in the first phase.
The production of the construction project will continue to expand the capacity of the company to produce lithium compounds. Lithium metal is used as a raw material for chlorination. The company has the highest capacity in the world. Lithium metal feedstock is recovered from the lithium catalyst solution in the pharmaceutical industry.
Lithium alloy powder and lithium or lithium aluminium alloys. By the end of 2021, the company ' s metal lithium production was 2150 tons/year, ranked first in the world. The company ' s new annual production of 7,000 tons of lithium and lithium metal production project in 2021 is expected to continue to expand.
(b) Lithium cell operations continue to promote multi-technical areas. The raw materials for the lithium cell operations are negative-polar materials.
The company’s lithium battery industry now has four domains: consumer batteries, tws batteries, power/power storage cells, and solid-state batteries.
With regard to power and storage cells, the company’s new 15gwhh-new lithium battery project, 5gwh, was launched in January 2022, and 10gwh was under construction. With regard to solid lithium batteries, the delivery of electric vehicles on board solid-state batteries in 2021 marked the company’s industrialization of solid lithium batteries.
The decommissioned lithium battery recovery operation now has a capacity of 34,000 tonnes/year recovery. Lithium battery recovery operations allow the recycling of lithium, nickel, cobalt, manganese and other metals, which can further enrich the supply of lithium raw materials.
List of the second batch of industry regulations for the integrated use of ponds, which, by the end of 2021, had resulted in 34,000 tons/year recovery capacity for decommissioned lithium batteries and metal recovery, the company ranked first in the market share for recycling of decommissioned lithium batteries in our country, and in the market share for recycling of decommissioned lithium batteries in our country.
According to the Economics Study on the Recycled Use of Power Batteries (Li Wooko), the life of a new energy vehicle is expected to be around 4-6 years, assuming that the average age of our power cell decommissioning is 5 years, and is projected to move in 2021.
Power battery decommissioning is 252,000 tons, rising to 23,73 million tons in 2030, and cagr is about 28 per cent. Currently, lithium plate sizes in the country are very high, the capacity of the company to add up continuously, and the company’s performance is expected to continue.
The current trend of high-level operations has been slightly reduced in the following years; (2) sales of corporate products have been increasing with the release of productive capacity. In 2022, the company’s two major business segments, lithium series and battery-related products, will have Māori levels of $14,984 million and $386 million, respectively.
With the gradual release of the company's production capacity and the continued high industrial climate. We expect the demand for lithium batteries to grow less than expected, environmental and safe production risks, geopolitical and trade policies.
Environmental protection and the risk of safe production: Enterprises that fail to meet government environmental requirements or face penalties such as shutdowns or capacity restrictions have a certain impact on industry supply.
Geopolitical and trade policy risks: If the political landscape and policy priorities change significantly, or will affect the mining process of lithium or salt lakes.