A beautiful group of home appliances (000333) White taps are growing steadily, and sales are increasing.
The net profit is 12.9 billion yuan, an increase of 19.7 per cent in the same year; the net profit is 12.5 billion yuan in the same year, an increase of 26.4 per cent in the same year, q2 won 72.89 billion yuan in the first quarter, an increase of 12.7 per cent in the same year; the net profit is net profit market supports the growth in performance.
Industry online data show that the cumulative sales of company air conditioners, refrigerators, washing machines in January-June were +11%, +2%, +8%. The company's heating air conditioners reached $63.87 billion, an increase of 27.7%; consumer appliances received $55.28 billion, an increase of 27.6%.
During the reporting period, owing to the unstable environmental impact of international trade, there was a marked decline in the growth rate of external sales, with a slight 5% increase in revenue over the same period. But, with corporate brand advantage and stereo-market coverage, the prices of corporate products were in line with the upward trend in consumption.
The growth in performance is strongly supported by a 22.6 per cent increase in domestic revenue over the same period. Qualitative profitability and operational capacity continue to improve. The overall Māori ratio of companies has increased by 1.94 pp over the same period. On the one hand, rising prices are driven by a gradual shift towards high-end, high-quality companies and, on the other hand, by robotics.
On the cost side, the cost of sales has increased in tandem with income, with sales rates increasing by 1.82 pp over the same period; financial costs have been affected by the devaluation of the renminbi, resulting in exchange gains of $590 million, a decrease of 0.96 pp over the same period; and management costs have decreased slightly by 0.44 pp over the reporting period.
“t+3” has been introduced to speed up inventory clearance, with a 19.4 per cent decline in stock ring ratios and further improvements in operating efficiency. Various channels have continued to be active. Channels, companies’ rapid expansion of power suppliers, and full retailing on the Internet in the first half of the year exceeded 25 billion yuan, a 33 per cent increase in the same year, with industry accounting for more than 20 per cent.
As of the reporting date, six full-house homes have been built.
For the next three years, a combined 17.7 per cent increase in the net return profit will be maintained. Taking into account the company's role as a multi-goods household electric pole, reference is made to the average of the company, which is valued 16 times the value of the company in 2018.
In keeping with the trend of the times, the group is now moving toward technology-based enterprises with consumer appliances, heating, air conditioning, robotics, and automated systems, and smart supply chains. The company’s main business is increasingly diversified, with 2018h1 heating air conditioning, consumer appliances, robotics, and automated systems taking over.
The revenue ratio was 44.8%, 38.8%, and 8.8% respectively, of which the HAC Māori rate was 30.3% and the Māori rate was raised by 1 pp in the same year;
In the first half of 2018, despite the pressure to slow the ice-washing rate, adding to the adverse effects of friction in international trade, the company managed to raise $14,262 billion to its mother ' s net profit of $12.94 billion, maintaining double-digit growth in revenue and performance.
In the three major white power lines, air conditioning has the characteristics of “one house, one house,” and domestic household ownership still needs to be increased, and air conditioning, as the company’s main product, has stabilized at around 25% of the city’s share, creating a stable double-head pattern with gravity. Refrigerator, laundry, and machine markets are also well in the forefront. According to data from the market share below the middle Eicon line, many small types of electricity in the company are still in the forefront of the industry.
The company is based on air conditioning, aiming at the growth potential of the domestic air-conditioning market, while maintaining a stable position in the refrigerators, washing machines, and a steady increase in small domestic electricity products in response to the rising trend in domestic consumption.
Companies’ aggregate sales of air conditioners, refrigerators, washing machines have increased by +11%, +2%, and +8%. The group continues to drive product high-end, quality transformation, price increases, an increase in the overall Māori ratio of 2018h1 by 1.94 pp, and corporate profitability.
Figure 6: America’s share of small domestic retail power, optimized management within Group 3, with significant scale effects, and with the expansion of the corporate product sector, the company has now formed ten major product lines and four platforms in its organizational structure.
Through matrix management, departments can become fully autonomous, and inter-departmental and inter-departmental collaborations and platforms have, to some extent, a scale effect that greatly enhances their internal efficiency. Each ministry can rely on the national coverage of 118 urban logistics centres throughout the country by logistics companies under the umbrella of the group.
A 24-hour, 48-hour, inter-municipal and rapid service across the country, with a growing coverage of corporate markets of all sizes and stereoscopic forms, figure 7: The internal organizational structure of the United States. In 2012, the United States led the “t+3” model on how to improve the production and markets of home-based electricity enterprises.
Since 2013, small swan harvests have been growing in double digits. In the “t+3” model, companies have streamlined their sku in order to sell them, and in the same industry, stock turnover is better than competitive.
The efficiency gains can be seen in the use of hand-held power, Hale. During the reporting period, the company accelerated inventory clearance, with a 19.4 per cent decline in the stock ring, and its operational capacity became more visible.
The American bloc, as a domestic white house and electric giant, has taken a global look as its size has grown. From 2013 to the first half of 2018, corporate overseas revenues grew steadily, reaching 40.8% of total overseas receipts. To date, United States products have been exported to more than 200 countries around the world, with 15 offshore production bases and dozens of others.
Sales operators, brand globalization strategy has been advancing steadily. In 2016, America’s group achieved four major cross-border M&As, each of which was awarded to Toshiba Japan, the Italian central air-conditioning firm Clivet, America’s well-known vacuum cleaner firm, Eureka, and the German robot manufacturer.
The International Federation of Robots (ifr) predicts an average annual growth rate of at least 15% in the demand for robot automation between 2018 and 2020. During the reporting period, companies accelerated the integration of kuka robots into China, and kuka operations continued to expand.
Robots and automated systems received a large number of orders. While they fell 8.1% over the reporting period, they fell less than business, leading to a significant increase in the Māori rate from 9.73 pp to 24.4% over the same period.
Assumption 1: With the economic development of the country, the disposable income of our population has increased, and the share of households in the air-conditioning sector has continued to increase;
Assumption 2: Māori rates for major products have remained largely stable; Assumption 3: there has been no significant change in corporate cost rates. But considering the greater appreciation of the renminbi in the last year, exchange losses will have resulted in a combined financial growth rate of 17.7%.
\triangleright will not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.