We believe that the Great Wall will be able to use it as a tool to promote the Great Wall's autonomy.
The wave of powered intelligence has taken a step further, moving from a national automobile manufacturing company to a global automobile technology service company for a successful transformation: 1) Soul Founder has actively promoted organizational change (Strength Backstage - Big Centre - Small Front) and the creation of a market-based mechanism to enable down-scaling continues to attract people.
So, we've got a little bit of progress every day. 2) Modularized platforms -- traditional dynamics -- have always been technologically self-researched, forming three technology brands -- lemon-tank-coffee -- and so on. 3) Always being user-centric and having built from it.
Capability of large monoliths to product matrices. 4) Keeping up with the times, from the marketing of slogans to the user's operation, the brand "5+2" is always up, and the roll-out of new cars is expected to continue at a much faster rate than we expected: 1) Haf: Continue to consolidate the low-end suv-heading status of the H6. 2) Wei: brand rejuvenate.
High-end smart mix of luxury car brands. 3) Tanks: Newly Shaped Luxury Landing Suv 1st brand. 4) Picka: A series of cannons and windstorms continue to consolidate the first position in the Picard market. 5) Eura: Newly Shaped the world ' s favorite female electric car brands. 6) Reserves: High-end electric automobiles.
▪ Short-term (3-year dimensions) cores watch the Wall win the first position of China's market to secure its own ownership. We anticipate 1, "The Wall" (601633): May
▪ Profit forecasting and investment ratings: We expect that the company’s net profits from being a parent company in 2021-2023 should be valued higher for the Great Wall, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
Wholesale + 13.55 per cent, tank recovery 1. People and: Four core competitivenesss drive the Wall's autonomy first of all to make "a little progress every day"
The Great Wall Car was established in 1984 and placed on the market in Hong Kong in 2003 and Hong Kong in 2011 respectively, and since the introduction of the first pickup card, the company has been innovating itself since the launch of its operations in Suv in 2002 and in Europe in 2020.
The product currently covers two major categories: Suv, Picard, Huff, Wey, Tan Koola, and the Great Wall Pika, with autonomous matching capabilities for core parts, such as engines, transformers, etc. Business revenues and net profits grew rapidly in 2011-2016, drawing on the suv development dividend and stars at this time.
The overall financial performance has declined steadily since 2017, when the product cycle of the Department of Public Administration entered a period of adjustment, adding to the downside factors of the city. The epidemic has benefited from the start of a whole new product cycle for the company, which has become more powerful, and the overall recovery of the city in 2020.
The 30-year Great Wall vehicle, led by its founder, Wei, was transformed from a new car builder to an autonomous branding major army, especially after a full cycle of corporate resilience over the past 10 years. We have also witnessed the Wall’s strong organizational resilience.
1) The era of individual heroism (2005-2009). The roll-out of suv (Seffer) to cars (wings, elves, pride and miraculous, etc.) has resulted in multi-priced vehicle coverage, while the Great Wall Picard has been a steady champion in the domestic pickup market, with public car sales reaching a breakthrough of between 0 and 150,000 vehicles.
2) The era of elite team leadership (2010-2019). This phase of the company ' s militarization management, with a focus on the suv model, the 2011 Huffh6 was marketed, with a cumulative global market of over 3 million vehicles for eight years, with a cumulative total of 81 months of sales, further refining the suv product matrix.
The Great Wall was restructured in 2020 to restore the firm’s ability to compete at the bottom in the medium and long term.
Breaking the "sector wall" in the past organizational structure, connecting brands, commodity projects, research and development, and creating a "combat unit" with a single-car-type orientation, which can reach its users. Guns/large dogs/cats/tanks, etc., all create new heights that together help drive the Wall 's cars towards the "Globalized Technology Travel Company"
Figure 3: Trends in sales data for Great Wall cars 2005-2020 Implementation of equity incentive schemes + innovative talent management mechanisms + changes in the organizational structure stimulate employee potential. Corporate offer of equity incentive programmes in 2019, two awards were completed in 2020 and 2021, covering essentially the core management of the company
Incentives have been changed at the same time, at the same time, at the same time, by the group's affiliates, such as MMI/Bing-Cook Energy/Ring-Crowd-Infuse/Nobo. Since 2020, in order to break the management gap, companies have introduced a “round CEO system” of “decommodation” reforms, encouraging employees to move from “workers” to “entrepreneurs” and from “partners” to “partnerships”
In addition, in 2020, the company changed its organizational structure from a pyramid to an Internet-based organizational structure, building a digital group-level mid-level, and truly building a user-centred organizational structure. The final part of the organizational change in this round is digitization: digitization of the enterprise and digitization of its products, creating a “strong back office”
+ Large medium + small front office organizational model, one car and one brand company. Similar to Internet companies, product management centres and user evaluation centres have been set up to build strong data operations. Open supply chains, market-based operations have enhanced companies’ integrated competitiveness.
Set up from vertical closure to open symbiosis, with the establishment of four major parts and components companies: Hive Innovative Technologies Ltd., Mande Electronics Co. Ltd., Fine Engineering Motor Systems Co. Ltd., Nobo Motor Systems Co. Ltd., to achieve independence of power-introduction, whole-line beaming and auto heat system operations, chassis operations, interior and interior accessories, and seating operations, respectively
1.1.2. The technology is constantly changing and has always been self-repairing in the construction of ecology.
For 30 years, the Great Wall has been developing its own technology, from reverse to ongoing development, building on the “one-point-a-day progress” entrepreneurship to build up its own technology to protect the city. In the midst of the current wave of power-driven intellectual change, on the basis of organizational restructuring, technology-level corporate thinking: 1) Three technology brands, Lemon + Tank + Coffee, continue to be announced to the outside world.
(ii) Double-model development of technology research centres of listed companies plus group holding companies, relying on market-based mechanisms to stimulate the competitiveness of core affiliates, and ensuring that the Wall itself controls the core technologies of future cars.
Part. Total power core (fuel/mixing/ev/hydrogen): beehive energy + hives are easy to create + inactive energy. Traditional zero components: precision workers (decks) + mande (car body) + Norbo (internal and external) etc. Self-research technique I: lemon + tank two modular platforms (Technology Research Centre at the core)
\triangleright forms the two main modular platforms of lemon + tank, each focusing on urban travel and professional cross-country travel, with a high degree of extension and support for multi-grade vehicle-type R & D production. “Lemon” is the global platform for highly intelligent modular technology.
With high performance, high security, light quantification, etc., "tank" is a global, intelligent, professional cross-country platform with strong motivation, intelligent over-country patterns, and extreme off-country capabilities. Building through modular platforms can accelerate the pace of research and development on a drop-down basis, while the two platforms pass more than 6 million km of road testing globally, as well as 76 global roads and cities.
The Extreme Environmental Test, which brings together 18 global model environmental application analyses, ensures the quality of globalization that is over mileage, multi-environment, top-standardly validated, and is the cornerstone of the Great Wall's drive to global markets. “Lemon” is a platform for highly intelligent modularized technology of globalization, with high product performance, high safety, and light quantification.
Characteristics include: 1) super-high extension and diversified power suitability capability. Covers the development of sub-suv, sedan, mpv, with a depth covering the world at 2.65-3 m axle range, i.e., a0-d, with four power options: hybrid dht, p2, p2+p4, pure electric power (bev) and hydrogen fuel cells (fcev).
Fuel power. In 2022, conventional engine heat efficiency will be 41%, hybrid engine heat efficiency will be 2025, and efficient engine heat efficiency will be 51.5%. Two major engine parameters, 2.0gdit150-180kw, 320-385n*m1.5gdit110-130kw and 230-270n*m. 3) Performance transformers. 7dc version of the World Wide Web.
And the first global 9dcs with 400n*m torque +96.2% drive efficiency. 4) The world's first wave of hybrid dht. Four driving models: smart switching, 48%-50% fuel saving, 200km pure electrical renewal. P2/p2+p4 achieves 100 company accelerations of 4.3 seconds.
Extension 184km. The model consists of a third generation of all-new Hafh6, Euraes 11 etc.) The more elegant body size can be reduced by 50% overturned, with a 16% reduction in the jamming arm, a 16% increase in accuracy, a 15% increase in the side, a 30mm reduction in the full weight of the vehicle, and a complete improvement in its coordination, manipulation, etc.
6) Comprehensive security concept. The Lemon platform builds the concept of “comprehensive security” from the three dimensions of crew, pedestrian, vehicle; and develops and develops safety features in accordance with cap 5 stars and North America's iihsgood highest level, building a secure development system that provides users with a full range of safety and security.
The "tank" platform is positioned as the global intelligent professional cross-country platform, which has a strong power, intelligent cross-country model, and extreme cross-country capability. The main features include 1) extreme production effectiveness mix. It covers the 2.75-3.75-metre axis range, b-d+ level suv/pika development production.
Speeders. Of these, 3.0t power/twixt achieves 260kw and 500n.m respectively, and 38% engine heat efficiency, leading at the same level; 9at transformers cover both conventional and p2 forms, with a maximum input tow to reach 750nm, leading the industry. 2) extreme cross-country parameters.
10.92 m in diameter, with a water depth of 900 mm on the base, the active hangar will be raised to 965 mm. 3) Extremely cross-country gear. Three locks/active hangers/tank turns/active stabilizers/electrically controlled shock absorbers/professionals. The hard-to-intellectual four-way system will achieve a maximum of 50:50 power-by-axis distribution, three locks additions will increase the capacity to cross the border.
Platform vehicles have a water depth of 965 mm, active hangar rises and drops of 120 mm and climbs to the industry limit, providing extreme cross-country experience for global users. 4) Highly oblivion intelligence. Topography automatic recognition/intellectual off-road support/off-road worms, with topography automatic recognition techniques that can detect water depth in real time and provide safety and security for driving.
The first tank of the tank*wey series (professional cross-country suv) 300 (close suv) and, in the future, medium-sized/full-sized suv are on the market.
The Wall ' s own intelligent driving industry chain layout: Based on bottom chip plus operating systems and front-end sensors, the Wall ' s vehicle has a strong automatic driving development capability, especially in algorithms plus bottom plate control plus application layers (functional + human interaction). Through enterprise digitization and product digitization, the Wall ' s vehicle is based on bottom data and is dominated by millimeter intelligence.
Adherence to algorithm self-research and cores include three dimensions of advanced algorithms +ai + engineering algorithms; higher level, using cameras + mm wave radar + laser radar fully redundant perception programmes, such as China + ibeo, to design intermediates using self-inflection in a car and switch to set-up, based on mature outsourcing chips and operating systems.
The plan has an implementation advantage, and completes the full process of intelligent driving "sense integration -- decision-making implementation." To go further, the Wall’s mini-intellectuals/Sembes/Nobo, among others, are developing the end-applied product smart pod + smart driving.
For development purposes, the bottom level is the chip + abstract layer, followed by the autonomous construction of classics and the middle layer of aadaptautosar, which includes multiple domains. In addition, the integration of the edges of cloud platform development, the ai tool chain, v2x, etc., allows the platform to be robust and adaptable to different sensors, scenes, weather, etc.
1) Algorithm level: Accompanies self-research. MMI is a core self-researching team for the Wall ' s auto algorithms, achieving complete self-research for the ai algorithms, advanced algorithms, and engineering algorithms. One is a unified technical architecture: unified perception technology, harmonized path planning, uniform simulation tool chain, unified industrial layout, unified algorithm engineering, with the goal of achieving low cost + robustness
+ High-stability perception technology, predictive technology for future behavior of pedestrians (pilots); high-precision vehicle positioning technology, path + speed coupling planning technology for complex traffic conditions; and second, self-researching full-scale simulation tool chains: real-time data acquisition tools, integration data-release analysis tools, hardware in loop testing tools, software closed loop simulation tools, full use of self-research
Simulation tools, reduction of test mileage, and enhancement of system development efficiency.
The leopard is the chief engineer in the development of intelligent driving systems at the former Great Wall Centre for Automobile Technology; the Shanghai Regional Director was the Director General of Weibo Tungadas and the Senior Manager of Bo Chiadas; in addition, the General Manager of the 100-degree Smart Motors Department, Gu Wei Yuan, has joined the Great Wall to assist in the development of intelligent and assistive drivers of knapsack adas.
300 people own two R & D centers in Paul and Beijing. The majority of the members of the Beijing R & D centers are from the first-line Internet and unmanned companies, with a 70% success rate and a 70% success rate for the company as a whole. 2) On the operational side, the company network discloses that the microscopic landings include a 2c (user-end) high-level autopilot solution.
And 2b (industry-end) no-man-driven vehicle production and sale, focusing on the hundreds of billions of walk-in markets, moving in the direction of auto-driving and unmanned logistics. There is much room for future development of the auto-driving market, especially high-level intelligent driving, which was in 2020 the year of the growth of the 122+13 market, with a cumulative penetration rate of 30% by 2025.
The market is hundreds of billions of dollars. MMI provides autopilot solutions, is highly competitive in terms of products and customers, and has already obtained orders for domestic head car holdings. We expect the market for unmanned logistics vehicles to accumulate to $10 billion in 2025. MMI, as a provider of unmanned logistics vehicles, already owns a number of well-known technology companies in the country, including the United States of America.
Orders, self-researched unmanned logistics cars have already started to deliver orders. 2) Functional level: Fast-track rotation road started in 2021. As of March 2021, 90% of the Great Wall vehicles had achieved Level 1-2 smart-assed driving, with over 70% penetration in 2025. 5 r 1v1d (5 systems)
millimetre wave radar, 1 visual camera, 1 domain controller; Hud programme; autonomous design of the domain controller (supplier processing). Autopilot of the L3+hwp highway in September 2021, with a 20% fit-out rate in 2025.
Automated driving systems; 2) l3 systems: the first system in the country to support long-term de-handing, de-eye-driving 193 systems, with experience comparable to I4:3) Pure solid laser radars: pure solid laser radars of domestic first-load support volume; 4) redundant systems: international lead redundancy system design, redundant sensors, execution systems, e/e electrical structures, power supply systems and controls
Design scheme; 5) function: active transformation, auto-navigation driving, etc. Sen-Bean intelligence: founded in March 2019 as a technology company focused on travel scenes for the age of the interconnectivity of everything. Digitalization of the car industry has been upgraded from car manufacturer to user service provider. Sen-Bean intelligence built
A two-minded mix (smart driving and smart seating) of whole-car products, smart marketing of integrated solutions, and four major business systems of modular capacity output, smart service series products and data-intelligent closed-door platforms will reshape the whole chain of household experience, and complete upgrading of the whole car's intelligence, marketing intelligence, and service intelligence.
As the main clients, the Aichi, Pepsi, Ike, Kyundong, qq, etc. end-uses; the Aliun, Huaiang, 100 degrees platform, and mobile, connectivity and hardware layers, such as Boshi and Desai, together, build their own peas ecology. Currently, there are three centres for research and integration studies in Germany, the United States, and Shanghai, with the core technical barriers to peas intelligence.
It consists of (i) six major engines: scene engines, search engines, recommended engines, voice engines, intended judgement engines, data digs; (ii) intelligent perception: environmental perception, identification, status recognition, gesture recognition, multi-model interaction, attitude recognition; and (iii) mobile phones.
Interconnection; 4) whole carota; 5)lot open platform; 6) multi-dimensional smart cabin/drive support, such as high-precision maps.
The perfect mix of services. 3) In general, the Wall is slightly later than the New Treasure, but faster than the traditional car company. Based on the current layout, Tesla leads the rest of the car for about five years globally, and Peng leads the rest for about one year, america/ideal.
/The Great Wall/Jili/upwind, Chang An/Biadi/Gwanga again. The Great Wall cars are the most important and implementable among traditional cars.
1) Gilly Cars: In the core chip area, Gilley moves in three paths: mobileye, high-train, and self-research. Overall intelligence follows three routes - the most self-researched (zenseitact+billion cursor), waymo (robotaxi+high-end), mobileye (short-term phase).
Krypton 001 with the Eyeq5 chip, the visual front-of-the-sense approach, and later expansion of laser radar. Second route: working with waymo and 100 degrees, it provides a whole set of hardware and software solutions and algorithms. On the one hand, the layout is unattended, driving a taxi team, and on the other hand, the lead jacket and Volvo high-end vehicle will take the lead on a class I4 smart driver solution.
A third route: technology self-research based on the Zenseet+ Billion Curry+arm investment company, first set up in Volvo. According to the Zenseact plan, auto-drive of structured roads (l3-l4), auto-drive of open roads (l4-l5), in 2025, is currently in charge of over 600 research and development teams.
R & D cabin + smart driving chip (distorted 2023, 256tops, expected to be used by the enterprise itself in 2024-25) (2) Long-Advanced vehicles: two-way energy from the Science and Technology Corporation for Parts and Components and the Institute for whole-of-cycle Systems. Software Technology Corporation (SETC): Software Science and Technology Corporation, formed in December 2019, responsible for component/software development, clustering
Focus 1+5+1 core capacity to support power/disk/safety/drive/body/seat/column applications. Includes: intermediate (basic software platform based on nuclear in the operating system)-adas algorithm software (engineering applications of software)-data (wine platform). Corporate size: 300+(2019) 400(2020) 5,000 (2025e) (2025)
The company's size projection comes from a public address by the general manager of the Changan Motors Technology Ltd.) 3) Autonomy: with the Invelda/Njipo/Gotton/Track Cooperation chip, Ali built a joint car network system; with zero beam engineering and algorithmic support from an artificial intelligence laboratory. For upper zero beams, by July 2020.
The group software centre has been renamed the upper group zero-beam software sub-company. Upload zero beams focus mainly on smart driving systems engineering, software architecture, basic software platforms, and data plants. These include: chip-midware (basic software platform based on the nuclear in the operating system)-adas algorithm software (engineering applications of software)-data (coated platform).
From 500 people in 2020 to around 2,200 in 2023. In addition, the upper steam built an artificial intelligence laboratory in mid-2018, focusing on the adas algorithm, to 100+4 in 2020 for core research and development staff. Wide-space autonomy: focus area controllers and algorithms integrated development, implementation of a two-platform strategy, phased realization
Auxiliary driving, autopilot, two platforms to focus on the integration of intelligent "brain" domain controllers and algorithms. Phased implementation of smart driving platform planning, first phase of output of 193 in 2022, second phase of output of 14 in 2024. High- and low-configured Auxiliary driving platform (l2) based on different levels of intelligence.
(l3/l4) Biadi: Continuous integration of external resources with the d++ Open Ecology and Dilink smart network system at its core. This includes four directions: bna architecture based on smart platforms, IUP platforms, autopilot of open motor hardware.
Platforms: d++ Open Ecos: Open the entire vehicle 341 sensors and 66 controls, remote upgrades through ota intelligence; dilink smart network systems: four major capability platforms with di platforms, di clouds, di ecology and di; build autopilot solutions in collaboration with Huayuan, 100 degrees depth; complete strategic investment in the ai chip company horizon.
Self-research technology III: Power cells (the beehive energy will be at the core). The Wall automobile is now in the hands of a small number of the world's core new energy vehicle technology III. In the direction of power cells, cellular energy development is strong and production capacity is increasing. 1) Core product technology: the next generation of battery materials, the next generation of cellular materials, the next generation of cellular energy masters, the next generation of cellular energy.
Development, manufacture and innovation of cores, modules, packs, bms, storage and solar energy technologies, including cobalt-free batteries, four-dollar batteries, Jell-O batteries, and bee cloud platforms. 2) Energy production: Humming energy has seven R & D centres, five production bases, and, based on data from ggii and car homes, the number of cores installed in the beehive energy throughout 2020
The latest production base in Lake County was officially signed in 2021, and the total capacity plan rose to 200 gwh. 3) Financing: in February 2021, the beehive energy brought in a round of financing, introduced capital markets, financed a total of 3.5 billion yuan for the purpose of researching and developing new technologies and further expanding production capacity.
3 billion yuan, or more than 26 billion yuan by 2025 in the global plant construction programme. 5) Management team: Chairman Yang Hongheung, with 17 years of experience in vehicle and power cell development and management, former Deputy Director of the Great Wall Automobile Technology Centre, Chief Executive Officer of the Long Wall Motor Battery Department, with overall responsibility for the development of the new energy three-power system, and also for the development of the ev, phev, and the whole of the vehicle.
The remainder include Vice-Presidents Wang Zhikun, Ma Chunglong, Liu Jia and others with 15 or more years of deep-farming experience in the field of power cells, specializing in the production of global layouts, focusing on four types of products: cyborg, module, battery bag, ibms, and developing electric mobility, storage and solar energy operations.
The cores include the range of 51ah-156ah, the type of phev suitable for a pure electrical renewal of 80 km and the range of the range of 300 km and above, any a00-a; the soft-packed cores apply to a fast-loaded version of a pure electric vehicle and an enhanced mix of power.) Modules: Model products include the four forms of vda-phev/vda-bev/meb-590 and non-standard modules.
The same applies to phev and the bev-type of the different standards for renewal. 3) Battery packs: custom-made battery packs for different and wey brands. 4) ibms include five types of products that provide the most complete and safe solutions from demand, software, hardware, testing to labelling.
In the short term, the beehive energy cell area is dominated by three main core developments and a mature battery bag technology: 1) high energy-density, high nickel material (adapted to high-continuing vehicle type); 2) cobalt-free material (non-phosphate lithium), high energy density, safety tests have been passed, life cycle is under way, and the beehive itself is expected to be on the market in 2021; it is now safe and energy-intensive.
The density and lifetime are close to 622, 10-15% lower than 811; 3) low-cost lithium phosphate. In addition, the cellular nest has introduced the ctp unmodular battery package technology, which, according to the data on the occult car, reduces the spare parts of the first generation by 24% compared to the traditional 590 model, increases the efficiency of the second generation by 5-10%, increases in space utilization by 5% and spare parts by 5%.
A further 22% reduction in numbers will be applied first to square batteries in the future. In the long run, nest energy has developed three main types of all-store solutions, 1) electric excursions: a high-energy density from a well-structured nest (inter-city travel, front-line chemical system); and, according to the Hive Energy Officer Network, a high-powered silicon-based energy density.
Up to 320whh/kg, reducing the inflation rate of the core) + solid nesting out (optimal lifetime and fast-filling performance, guaranteed life cycle Operational: 2c fast charge, 5 years 500,000 km quality assurance) + smart nest outing (with a combination of energy density and cost, smart choice for low-carbon travel; no cobalt-rich high nickel positive material, natural graphite negative arctic material, pneumatic partition membranes, reduced costs,
Production efficiency is enhanced by the introduction of the first global high-speed stacking cell and the exclusive battery platform of a pure electric vehicle. 2) Storage capacity: synchronized layout wind/light storage, micronet storage, user storage, base station storage and mobile storage five models to achieve a reduction in wind disposal, balance of electricity supply and demand, storage combined to provide efficient power security while reducing maintenance
(c) Operating costs to meet the demand for flexible electricity. 3) Solar energy: layout-miner solar cell technology, from raw materials, to achieve low feedstock use (0.1 per cent of crystal silicon) + high efficiency of stacked batteries (33 per cent) + low temperature factor (single voltage 5-10 per cent) + high efficiency of photovoltaic conversion (over 30 per cent).
The power cell loads have been increasing, and the share of the three-dollar lithium battery loads has remained high. Since 2017, as our country's electric cars have been growing faster, the power cell sector has grown rapidly, and national policies have supported the emergence of a global dynamic power cell, the Ningde era, and a large number of excellent power cell businesses.
The volume of power cell loads has been increasing at a rate of 16.22gwh in the first quarter of 2021, at a rate of +84.55% over the same period in 2019. Three-dollar lithium batteries have remained relatively high, with an overall excess of 90% in the first half of the 20th century, and phosphate lithium batteries have evolved continuously for the second half of the year, with a slight decline in the share of three-dollar batteries, but still exceeding 60%.
Since 2020q2, there has been an increase in total capacity and a growing client base. According to ggii, the total capacity has been 2836, 113849, 372471, 344253kwh in four quarters to date.
This represents 2% of the country's total power cell load, with a higher rate of 4% in the city of Lithium-3 battery. In the future, it is expected that the capacity of the cellular energy plant will continue to increase and increase in the city's overall capacity. According to ggii, 2020q1 Wall motor vehicle load will continue to increase.
A total of 9563,000 kwh, of which 12,87 million kwh is phosphate, 82,69kwh is a three-dollar lithium battery, or 86.53%. (assuming that all of the beehive energy is currently supplied) the wall ' s electric car has 36.00% of its own battery supply. For its external clients, the beehive energy currently includes psa in Europe (providing power cell equipment packages) and Turkish enterprises.
Otokar electric bus supply power cells, with an increasing number of external customers. Figure 13: q1 domestic power cell market pattern in 2021. Figure 14: domestic three-dollar lithium battery market pattern in March 2021
Self-research technology IV: Lemon dht mix (the beehive is easy/energy is the core supplier) \triangleright “Lemon dht” mixer technology is more economical and dynamic than joint venture brands and is expected to set up new market poles.
For the first time, the dual-power-plating structure was introduced for the autonomous brand, with the lemon dht blending technology achieving a full-speed, full-scale economic and dynamic balance and breaking the monopoly of joint branding technology. With the “1-2-3” power mix of forward-looking technologies, a diversified power mix was created to meet the market’s diversification needs, and economic and dynamic indicators went beyond joint ventures.
High-integration bins are combined to achieve full-scale user coverage. The lemon mix dht system covers a variety of tasks, such as pure electricity, collusive, collusive, kinetic recovery, etc., for engines, two-arranged axle transformers, tm/gm bins, tm/gm double power controllers, and dc-dc units with high integration.
Models to achieve a full-scale balance between the fuel economy and power. 1)ev mode, pure power drive experience, engine and wheel coupling, tm power drive directly, 2) interlocking mode, applicable to urban scenes, engine-driven gm charger, tm power drive directly, tm drive wheels; 3) and modeled
, with medium-high-speed scenes, engine-driven direct-drive wheels, gm power units and tm power generators are responsible for adjusting engine workpoints and auxiliary-drive wheels so that the engine remains in an efficient area; 4) energy recovery mode, with brake/slow scenes, tm power generators are used as generators for reverse energy recovery.
Two architectures + three power sets combined to meet the needs of diverse users. "Lemon dht" mixed system, with power cells of 1.8 kwh and 45kwh, with two different capacities, to achieve hev and phev structures, with different user groups for different scenarios. And 1.5l/1.5t two engines +dht100/dht130 two transmission boxes + p4III.
A single power plant can make up three power sets of system power of 140/240/320kw, meeting different levels of vehicle patterns, breaking the joint venture brand technology monopoly, and making up for Honda's i-mmd programme. "Lemon mixer dht" is completely autonomously designed, developed and developed by the Great Wall, with a completely new architecture of autonomous intellectual property rights, breaking the joint venture brand.
The technological monopoly in this area, the economic and dynamic performance test results of a completely new binocular capping structure, are better than the market-mainstream collusive, collusive, and power-diversion structures. The current market structure is similar to the lemon dht structure.
The dht system has added a fixed-axis two-stage transformer, making the engine more extensive than i-mmd, allowing the whole car to be more economical and dynamic. Unlike the i-mmd hybrid model, the engine is only involved in electricity, and the lemon dht hybrid mode is powered by the engine in conjunction with the motor, thus achieving better power.
Since 2010, state subsidies for new-energy cars have excluded hev, although domestic manufacturers have been cut off despite the fall in subsidies.
Apart from the solar system, there is still a widespread choice of phev schemes with a pure mileage of more than 50 km, such as the Biadidm-p/dm-i scheme and the Epro family in Jili. Only the Hev model based on the p2.5 single motor scheme is currently available.
Toyota: After four generations of upgrades, Toyota is the most widely applied and mature hybrid power system.
The first generation of ths technology (p111) was introduced in 1997 through Prius, and has undergone the succession of second generation (p112), third generation (p410) and has now reached the fourth generation (p610), which was listed for the first time in 2015, and is currently sold domestically on the P610 system, which is based on the Karolá staircases, the thunderbolts and the Camery and the Asian Dragons.
The nine generations of Yakaku, carrying Honda's hybrid i-mmd (intelliggentmultimediadrive) technology, were officially listed as yet another powerful player in the field of strong mixers outside Toyota. Through the layout of the binoculars, bypassing the Toyota planet's gear group's patent barriers and achieving fuel efficiency and better power performance, Honda launched a third generation in 2017.
i-mmd technology, engine heat efficiency increased from 38.9 to 40.6 per cent
Start divided into two main platforms, dm-p and dm-i. 1) p0+p4 dual-power 4-drive structure, dm-p provides a strong power. dm-p structure adjusts engine speeds through high-performance bsg power in the front axis, making it work in the most efficient areas.
The dm-i platform is a new technology route drawn up by Biadi on dm3.0 platform, which focuses on fuel economy. The platform Bia Di developed a 1.5-l Atkinson cycle engine, cancelled all wheels, compressors, pumps, lifts.
Motives, etc., have been Electrified, egr gas recycling and the elimination of exhaust vvt, which has turned direct jets into air-disrupting tubes, generating up to 43% heat efficiency.
The Great Wall engine has gone through three stages: the introduction of Mitsubishi technology, self-research, and self-research across technology, and progress has been made in reducing fuel consumption and improving heat efficiency. The Gw4n20 engine, developed autonomously and produced over four years in 2020, is a good fuel economy using the Miller cycle.
Advanced technologies such as electronic water pumps, 12:1 high compression ratio, intermediate sprayers, cylinder caps integrated exhaust tubes, minimum fuel consumption of 6.8l/100km, heat efficiency of up to 38 per cent, joining the world ' s first heat-efficiency team, with a 10 per cent reduction in the weight of the whole aircraft compared to the previous generation, further demonstrate the breakthrough and innovation of the Wall ' s vehicles in core technology.
High-end Land Cruiser type (260kw, peak torque 500nm, which is in line with bba's engine performance of the same volume. It is also equipped with a p2 mix, which allows for maximum 380kw power and 750nm peak torque output, with a maximum heat efficiency of 38% for large suv, pickup, medium bar, trailer, light passenger, etc.
Two-jet systems + Miller + two-vgt turbine boosters + continuous variable oil pumps + core technology to secure the engine's performance. In addition, a new generation of Great Wall hybrid motors, in the form of motors like machito and raspberry mixes, can achieve a maximum combined capacity of 140kw, with a maximum torque of 370n m, 0-60m acceleration of 4.1s, 100 kW.
In 2014, the Great Wall vehicle was set up to develop a speed transformer, moving from 6mt/6at to 7dct/8at, and issued 9dct/9hdct in 2021, raising the torque to lower fuel consumption at the same time.
The world’s top line is a 9-speed, wet, bipolar transformer, using high-integration electronic module design, compact synchroniser design, etc. The 9dc transformer performance optimization, according to the Great Wall ' s external disclosure data, consists mainly of an uplift of 54%, an axle savings of 5.8mm to space, an average weight reduction of 2.6%, and a space-to-mass transfer rate of 7dct450.
By the same token, the single-block change has a long tolerance of 580,000 times. At the same time, the P2 module, based on a conventional transformer, has been developed to design a global top-heavy p2 mix 9hdc. Compared to the old 7dc product, the 9dc volt transformer has a 7% reduction in fuel consumption and the 9hdc decryption machine has a 70% reduction in oil consumption.
The power is always in the field, with the Wall setting up a nest-like subsidiary, leading the way to energy-efficient and environmentally friendly system solutions, a nest, and a wide range of venture operations, leading the world in production and development. The Beehive-friendly main camps include four main sections of power systems, motor systems, power-driven systems, and intelligent transfer systems. According to the Web site, its research and development centres are located in China.
In China, Austria, India, etc., nearly 1 billion yuan has been invested in the construction of engines, transformers, power-drives, switching to four major test centres and accompanying whole-car test sites with cae simulation and test-marking capabilities ranging from spare parts to full vehicles.
The plant layout was secured, Xu Shui, Tianjin, Yang Chuen and Tai medium production bases, with an annual capacity of over millions; and Austria, with a total of 2,922 R & D workers and 189 top scholars in the domestic industry at the beginning of May of that year.
At present, the beehives are vulnerable to the supply of flat-line generators in Ora, and projects like motors/moderators are being set up. The beehives have detailed development plans in five areas: future bases/production/capacity/technology, and products: by bees.
NETWORK, 1) Base planning: plant maintenance (completed, launched in 2019), factory Yang Kyeong (completed, launched in 2021), research and development centre (completed), Shanghai Research and Development Centre (completed), Japan Research and Development Centre (under preparation), Indian Research and Development Centre (under preparation) (2) Production planning: Xu Shui Plant: 500,000 units per year.
Two hundred and fifty thousand units per year have been completed; the second line: 250,000 units per year, equipment planning. The Yangtze factory: 1 million units per year is planned. The construction of the plant is planned for the end of 2020; the production of the linear system is planned for the beginning of 2021. 3) Production planning: in July 2019, bulk production began (the Great Wall ' s H9 Land Cruiser, the Great Wall ' s artillery pickup, the pure electric skin)
In 2022, it reached 500,000 units, in 2024 1 million units and in 2025 1.5 million units; in 2025, 40 per cent of the clients of the Wall, 50 per cent of other clients and 10 per cent of sales abroad. 4) Technical route planning: gen.1: redundant (Rover, city suv, pickup); gen.2: partially redundant (3g electrical products); gen.3: fully redundant (under R & D).
Production expected in 2023 years) 5) Product planning: Land Cruiser platform: Tooth thrust can reach 12 kn, equipped with 2.0-2.5 tons of vehicles; Urban suv platform: Tooth thrust can reach 10 kn, equipped with 1.8-2.0 tons of vehicles; Picard platform: Tooth thrust can reach 10 kn, equipped with 2.0-2.5 tons of vehicles; Partial redundancy platform: Toothbar
A thrust of up to 13 kn, equipped with 2.0-2.5 tons of vehicle mass, self-research technique VI: Fine Worker (Breathboard) + Norbo + Manding (Breathboard) Precision chassis: dedicated to a car chassis business, mature car code manufacturing programme. Established in 1995 and ready-made chassis.
Developed into independent design, trial, validation and production capacity and systems, modular integration capability for eight major operations, such as chassis, crushing and equipping; chassis suspension systems, transmission systems, braking systems, exhaust systems, fuel systems; chassis, machinery, welding, crushing, casting, molding, automation, regeneration energy
According to the company’s network of officials, there is a research institute, two business technology centres (Shanghai, Frankfurt) and 24 manufacturing plants in Russia, Thailand, and China (Hebei, Tianjin, Jiangsu, Chongqing, Shandong, Zhejiang and Hubei) with more than 11,000 employees.
On the main product side, the chalk drive consists mainly of the production of the car chassis, the exhaust system, the main deceleration device and the drive bridge, the pb, which, according to the company network data, has a total of 1.6 million units/year of brake clamps, a total of 1.2 million units/year of exhaust systems, a total of 500,000 units/year of main decelerations and drive bridges, and 1.5 million units/year of epb brakes.
2) Nobo Automobile: Deep Farmed Automobile Ports Solutions, inest smart cabin aids to create high-end, low-diversion product competitiveness.
Industry (including 2,140 professional technology R & D and over 200 industry scholars), 6 major R & D bases can provide customers with systems solutions that are safe, comfortable, intelligent and differentiated, with Nobo car products covering three major systems: car smart, outer, rubber, and car seats, interiors, car electronics, outdoors, rubber, and five product categories.
In the area of automobile electronics, according to the Nobo Motors Network, the Nobo car has 1.5 million smart car electronics (MCFs) capable of producing lines such as stickers, assembly, plugs, welding, eol tests and sprays: in the area of outdoors, the product consists of pre- and post-air bumps, tail wings and luggage racks, with 2.2 million ornaments.
(b) In the rubber sector, the products include tremors, seals, etc., a total of 1.6 million units of capacity.
The domain controller is at the core and integrates class-end technology, using a total of 45 innovative technologies, including smart-lighting, tri-sector driving, screen-following, leading industries, integrating the cabins with a five-band layout, a scenario-based interactive model that can create a “new space” for future life with sensory properties, interconnectivity, flexible spaces and personalized experiences for passengers.
In addition, a “tri-sector driving model”, adapted to the needs of the user, can be used for the layout of the cabin, and the steering wheels and instrumentation can be moved in multiple positions, left, centre and right, thus deriving the three modes of moving out (driving), moving office (meetings), recreational space (recreation). 2) nft non-metal light-quantification technology, linear through a modified development of non-metal materials
Molecular chains are combined and rigidly reinforced by the internal formation of a web-like cellular structure that reduces the weight of materials. (3) Mande electronics: three units of operations, divided into Photoelectrics, Thermal Systems, Electrical Systems, etc., with major products such as sub-components, lighting, electrical cable, transport equipment and production meter, molds, etc.
Industrial auto-control systems, mechanical parts, etc., with 7,400 employees, including more than 800 technical personnel with seven production bases and four research and development centres in Paiking, Xu Shui, Tianjin, Shanghai and above 21, first of all, Mande light from “Technology, Intelligence, Interaction, Sensitization” to show future lights, first worldwide.
The full laser light-sourced near-light module, which better expands the safe driving vision, revolutionizes all-laser lighting. Specific products include lights, modules, and stomping three parts, mastering cutting-edge lighting techniques such as adb/afs, complete auto-assembly production processes in workshops, and providing the main front and back lights for the Great Wall ' s Haver, Wei and Ora and Pikka brands.
Second, Mandher Systems Limited, located in Hebei, covers 56,000 square metres. It has more than 200 national and international researchers and technicians, and more than 1,000 producers and managers.
The company also owns water, in addition to conventional fuel-powered vehicle air conditioners (total air-conditioning/evaporation units/heating wind cores), cooling system products (front-end cooling units/condensers/radiators/coolers/coolers/coolers/coolers)
The development and manufacturing capacity of parts and components of new energy vehicle heating systems, such as heat ptc, electrical pumps, batteries coolers, can meet the needs of various types of vehicle air conditioning and power cooling system products. The company’s latest product, the Panorama Smart Air Condition System, is “Acquainted Sky”, which builds smart air conditioning kits for specific user groups, helps to travel with intelligence and comfort and makes consumers more attractive.
The company's main clients include the Wall's own main car brand and the North Gas, Biadi, Lead, Wonder, and, again, Mande Electric Systems, a sole proprietor of car-wide high-pressure beams for professional research and development. The plant is located in the Dao Shui shop industrial area, with 54,000 m2, with a capacity of 700,000 units, and the Tianjin plant is located in Tianjin.
In Sector West, 28,000 m2, with a capacity of 500,000 units. The company currently has over 4,000 personnel, including more than 400 technicians.
The company’s main clients are still concentrated in the Great Wall itself. Self-researching technology VII: The strategic layout of hydrogen energy (untight energy) At the end of the industry: high heat + no pollution + light weight + diverse forms of policy support, hydrogen energy use over the long term.
High potential. Hydrogen energy uses the following advantages: light transport of light mass; higher heat, higher heat and more efficient; more common and abundant elements; good heat conductivity and relative ease of use; easily changing state, with a lower threshold for different forms of storage; more diverse use, wider use and greater scale effect; cleanness, with no clean water being produced after use
Contamination: Good combustion performance, direct and full combustion, and avoidance of hazardous material residues due to inadequate combustion. For cars, hydrogen fuel cell cars have the advantages of zero emissions, efficiency, smooth and low-temperature operation, and steady continuity.
Hydrogen production programmes have been set up in Su, Guangdong, etc. In accordance with the Great Wall conference on hydrogen energy strategy, the State plans to complete hydrogen blending gas pipelines by 2030 with technologies such as light quantification of hydrogen storage equipment + safety control. Transmission technology and long-range high-pressure hydrogen pipelines will gradually reduce the cost of hydrogen use and increase safety.
High. Hydrogen fuel cells are at the core of the clean and efficient use of hydrogen energy, but also the core of the entire hydrogen energy main industrial chain. The country is expected to build 1,000 hydrogen-added stations in 2030 to build a hydrogen-energy highway. There are currently several long-range enterprises, including China's petrochemical, Fukuda automobiles, new materials of the time, and solar power sources, that apply for hydrogen energy technology plates.
The Great Wall ends: the development of the hydrogen lemon platform, three-part development, a combination of storage and transportation to help achieve the volume of hydrogen fuel cell cars. 1) Three-part development strategy: the Wall proposes a three-part hydrogen energy development strategy for phase I 2021-2025, with a focus on phase I.
Hydrogen demonstration, at the core of technology research and development; development of hydrogen energy economy, open hydrogen ecology, at the heart of government cooperation in the second phase in 2025-2035; 2035-2050 for the third phase, working towards hydrogen society, achieving carbon neutrality and targets, at the heart of the society. The International Council for Hydrogen Energy projects that hydrogen will meet 18% of global end-use energy requirements by 2050.
CO2 emissions are 6 billion tons less. According to the Chinese Hydrogen Energy Union, by 2050, the demand for hydrogen in China is close to 60 million tons, with a reduction of 700 million tons of CO2. 2) Specific car-type planning: for specific models, the Great Wall will launch the first class C hydrogen fuel cell suv in 2021, and will first land the first 100 of the world’s 49 tons.
Full application of fuel cell heavy cards to complete the service fleet of the first high-end fuel cell in the Winter Olympics by the year 2022. 3) Hydroglymium platform landings: current technologies are on the ground, the Great Wall hydrogen platform covers fuel cell engine technology, vehicle-borne hydrogen storage technology, hydrogen safety technology, targeting high performance, high safety long-duration, overall climate and industry-wide pain spots, etc.
A zero-carbon transport solution is launched. It has a vehicle-scale R & D system plus three technology platforms (hydrogen power platform plus reactor platform+hydro storage platform), which eventually achieves high power of more than 200 kW, efficiency of more than 60%, high temperature of more than 100 degrees, durability of more than 20,000 hours, and high connectivity of new energy and intellectual networking, reaching the global collar.
Energy: Talent + High Investment in Research and Development, High Barriers to Technology, HFC Core Technology Rights and Market-based Operations. Untied Energy brought together foreign R & D practitioners from many countries, such as Japan and Korea, with more than 10 years of R & D experience, and formed the largest international R & D team of more than 430 people in the country, with only R & D.
More than 50 people, with more than 50% of the workforce, are still growing rapidly. Five research and development centres have been set up in Munich, Germany, Vancouver, Canada, Yokohama, Japan, and Shanghai to develop precision research and development around the core technological solutions and future directions of hydrogen and fuel cell technology in four countries.
So far, complete intellectual property rights have been acquired for reactors and core assemblies, fuel cell engines and core components, high-pressure valves, four rows of hydrogen bottles, hydrogen safety, liquid hydrogen processes, six core technologies and products.
The Bureau has been involved in the implementation of a number of star scenes, such as the Beijing-based agricultural batch logistics, the transportation of gravel materials, and the transport of logistics in the New Zone of Tianjin. The planned expansion of fuel cells has reached more than a few thousand applications, including the use of cars, commercial vehicles, heavy trucks, logistics, public transport, and even thermal power-connection systems for ships, orbital traffic, and households.
(b) And, according to the Great Wall ' s Global Launch of Hydrogen Energy Strategy, the first generation of metal plate reactors had a single-load power of more than 150 kilowatts. In summary, the energy supply achieved the grid electrodes of the fuel cell system, the air pressure machine lightly cycled, and the storage of hydrogen.
Core technological breakthroughs in various aspects of systems and key components. Products and solutions are provided for fuel cells, vehicles that are truly efficient, high performance, long-duration and round-the-clock applications. 1.1.3. From large monoliths to product matrices, the focus is always on users.
The construction of the first market in the Huffh6 serial suv has witnessed the ability of the Wall to build large singles. This car is designed to maximize the needs of the home-based car, with a higher-valued national product, suv (power + appearance + atmosphere + space wide + interior content), and has been in a three-generation vehicle pattern since 2011 and has always kept the head of the country ' s suv.
Status, which is the longest vehicle life cycle of an autonomous branding vehicle. The reason for the success of h6 is: 1) the Wall is well-informed about China’s consumption and is able to upgrade configurations accordingly and ensure a clear selling point in response to changes in the dominant consumer group. 2) The continuous technological strength supports the need to upgrade each generation. 3) Channels are highly controlled and affordable.
The balance is in the lead of the national model of the car. From the June Huffh sales changes, it can be seen that the first generation of H6 (including the change of generation) has seen a steady increase in monthly sales since it was marketed, leading up to the remaining compact household suv branded vehicle sales, with traffic pervading by the end of 2013 in the suv industry.
The rate remained essentially the same, rising from 10 per cent to about 18 per cent; the second generation Hafh6 was successfully replaced on a first-generation basis, rising from 18 per cent to 40 per cent by the end of the year, and Hafh ' s June sales peaked at the end of 2016, exceeding 80,000 monthly sales; then, suv ' s penetration in the car industry remained largely stable, while second generation half-h6 sales remained the same as in the industry.
After the industry ended in 2019-2020, three generations of h6 were successful, and sales with the second generation reached a maximum of 50,000. Haverh6's “big monolith” was successful: the core was to keep up with the changing consumer demand and to match it up.
The power + technological intelligence is constantly increasing, keeping up with the tide of the times. A summary of the three generation-h6 models closely matches China’s consumer basic needs, the outer atmosphere, and the space available.
Hafer’s first generation, the mid-generation recapitalization, and the core changes of the second generation’s vehicle model are in the engine, the speed changer, the change from out-sourcing to self-researching, and the fuel consumption is decreasing. The generation is developing in reverse mimicry, and the second generation is starting to become truly autonomous, research and development, replacing the engine’s national production, technological upgrading, and 100 km of fuel consumption is falling from 7.5-8l to 7l left.
Right. When the industry’s time suv development dividend is right, h6 sits on the suv sales champion. 2) The second- or third-generation upgrading core focuses on: further reduction in fuel consumption + upgrading of smart technology. Since 2017, suv development has disappeared, industry competition has increased relatively, Huffh 6 parameters have accelerated their evolution, and the second generation has changed their pattern.
There has been a marked rise in the second generation of hex power, a stronger horsepower, and a lower speed of the maximum torque; three generations of hex-six relative to second generation, and a larger increase in car models in the intellectualization of car technology, including cabins, and adas-assisted driving, following the trend of industrial change and continuing to lead the lead.
In summary, the three main pillars of the history of the H63 model are: 1) the outer atmosphere, the size of space, meets the most basic needs of Chinese consumers. 2) The Wall has been driven by technology from reverse mimicry to being self-researched, with technology in its own hands and 100 km of oil consumption declining. 3) The intelligentness level of the heterogeneous core is reflected in the third generation of h6 and has reached industry leaders.
In a horizontal comparison, h6 shaped the most powerful outlets in order to respond adequately to market demand: the first generation of h6 won with durability + space + skin, and the first generation of Hafoh6 power performance in 2013 and the performance of the parameters of space-axis equivalent in-board space were in line with the demand for consumption at the time, which was “great space + good shape + strong power”.
The market for autonomous brands like Gilly, Chirry, Upwards, Broads, etc., is a little different from one another, and Huff h6 is still ahead with the suv dividend and the stronger brand power. After that, the suv development dividend has disappeared, the market competition has increased, the changes have been relatively rapid, three generations of h6 have been borrowed from the current trend of intelligent car development, and the deep development of automobile adas has been supported.
Drive intelligence, 5g application of the OTA network, to win with big space + power intelligence, is at the top of the list. Based on the success of h6, the Wall now has product matrix capability, based on the evolution of the company’s cumulative power mix + organizational structure.
Personalized consumption will remain the main market for a long time to come. According to the product spectrum published by the Shanghai Car in 2021, the Wall further refines the user needs, creating brands based on the product type. 1) Wei brand: a three-car model of Moka + Macchito + latte, mixed with lemon dht +
The highest level of intellectualization in the Wall is core competitiveness, with the aim of sprinting a high-end market of $150,000 to $3 million, with the goal of autonomous brand-to-price second place.) Hover brands: with Haffah6 as the main force, core models such as big dogs +m6plus and red rabbits + first-time love, with a breakdown of the mainstream domestic motor vehicle market of $5-2 million for bid owner, are now more competitive.
Fully, covering mainly households and some young user groups, smartness is in the mainstream of the market. The overall marketing goal is to break down the market ownership brand number one. 3) Tank brands: open a new market segment - smart cross-country, targeting mainly a small group of young users who have a defined consumer power and a preferred cross-country preference. The new segment of the blue-sea market is expected to drive total corporate sales.
The overall sales target is to break down the market ownership brand number one. 4) Picca series: functional + high value ratio with the Great Wall Gun + Wind series, the growth of pickups and the liberalization of Picards' entry policy, no middle-end markets, vehicle-type further breakdown of gun series and wind series of low-end markets are expected to be real.
The overall sales target is to break down the market ownership brands first. 5) Ora brands: to locate the blue sea market for the small- and medium-cost 5-20 million electric cars, which features the pink and petic groups. The overall sales target is to break down the market, the autonomous brands first. 6) The Wall ' s extra layout high-end electric cars brands: Sharon brands, mainly for the male market.
The BMW’s main joint venture is a beam brand for the female market, with new energy sources running in parallel. Progress: once again, the Picca series of 300 guns and tanks have witnessed the Great Wall’s ability to build large singles.
In 2014, and before: 1) The Great Wall changed brand marketing concept from product value to user value. Looking back at the history of Great Wall marketing, three phases of performance marketing - hard advertising - situation/ip enabling marketing:
Car consumption groups are 60/70 years old, and the consumption patterns of the front-line business of acquaintances lead to a half-time success in marketing. At this stage, the Great Wall car was sold by the Chief Executive Officer of the Wall, Wang Feng Ying, to take firm control of the marketing of the stone camps and to create a high-performance brand image of the Wall with lower advertising costs; 2) 2015-2019: kol marketing.
This stage of car consumption is mainly after 80 years, with the vertical platform of the online car and the vehicle surveyor having a greater intellectual impact on the consumer, while the bottom line is primarily responsible for experience and lift functions. This phase of the Great Wall’s relationship with the auto media is comparable to that of Jili. 3) Since 2020: Private area traffic marketing.
The new consumer groups are more concerned about the compatibility of brands with their own value products, and marketing is key through personalized/tidal private-area flows to enhance brand identity and loyalty. The Wall explores new retail sales by working with its users to create brands (Oula, Haver, etc.), and live broadcasts.
The creation of the Centre has also raised the importance of marketing to the user's operational level, managing users throughout their life cycle, and creating a wider market space in constant emotional communication with users.
Figure 25: The Great Wall marketing history reviews the full upturn of the "5+2" brand, with a deep product matrix diagnosing the full upturn of the 5+2 brand. 1) Five major brands have been launched covering $5-300,000 to meet functional/off-road/transport requirements.
The Great Wall currently has five major brands: Huff + Wei + Pika + Ora + Tanks: 5 to 2 million fuel, 15 to 300,000 fuel, 5 to 2 million pickups, 5 to 2 million electric cars, 200,000 to 3 million dollars.
(ii) Two major reserve projects (Shaloon + Light beams). Sharon's positioning of over 200,000 male consumer markets, beam-based positioning of over 200,000 female consumer markets, and the promotion of his brand image, including the car type, which is driven by the core versus the new power. 1.2.1. Haver: the continued consolidation of the low-end suv-head status of the bomb car h6
With the H6 blast car at its core, the Big Dog Series +xy+f series + Red + First Love +m6+h5/h9 continues to consolidate the status of the middle- and low-end suv leader, category I: h6 and its “compatriots”.
Intelligent driving + space + power upgrades, with three generations of h6 starting a new cycle. Three generations of h620h2 have been marketed together with second generation products, with a combined monthly average of 50,000. 1) The six main outlets of the product support core competitiveness: the whole bus + 5g extension + backsliding + application of 2000pa hot steel + aeb recognition emergency braking + subconsciousness
+53/+26/+10/+58mm, respectively. Power systems are fully upgraded to carry 1.5t/2.t turbine boost engines with a maximum capacity of 169/224 horsepower, with a national output of 7dcs bipolar speed.
Boxes. The sale price remains at $11.59-13.49 million. In the case of intelligent driving, the third generation of H6 uses mobilieyeq4 chips, with multiple L2+ degrees, such as ready-made car fota, voice interaction, 360 panorama images, intelligent near-lights, full automatic parking, auto-rolling backwards, acc/ica/tja/aeb, pre- and post-colliding alerts, middle-dwelling, road monitoring and early warning.
Yes, the product is strong; in addition, the lemon platform collects a 5-g model of a 7nm drive-by chip – the Ha Foh65g version – and the Great Wall Coffee Driving Platform, which is expected to become a new generation. The new market-based hardware suv (3/4 mints), which focuses on the independent product category of young people with bold force.
Four major selling points: 1) large space: body size: 4620 x 1890 x 1780 mm with an axle range of 2738 mm; 2) surface tide: Benz Bigg/Lugger style with a personalized look; 3) power: configuration 1.5t/2.0t+7dc, 4-drive system with a post-developing lock; 4) smartness: LCD+ control + head-up, three-screen connection.
The annual Shanghai Car Fair was officially launched, featuring the beauty of bold force, the obscurity of appearances, the misalignment of interiors, the creation of and matching of colored materials, and a high degree of differentiation and product recognition. The new Huff flagship model: Huffxy (expected to be on the market in the second half of 2021) is located at the top of Hoff to upgrade its brand.
Imaging. 1) Appearance: An aesthetic design based on the use of hyperspace and space, inspired by the use of time and space, that demonstrates the convergence of time and the future, and a new definition of the scope of the product. 2) Basic configuration: xy is armed with the Great Wall ' s top level of technology and ideas, built using the lemon platform and the coffee intelligence two core technological platforms, body sizes
4781*1890*1679mm with 2,800 mm axle to reach the medium and large suv threshold. 3) In the case of smart technology configurations, in addition to L2+ autopilots, memory automatic parking, in-car intelligence tests, vital signs monitoring, etc., Huffxy also has remote controls built on 5g-avp passenger parking, 1 km long-range control, etc.
Function to meet the level of intelligent technology that will keep moving in future smart cars. 4) In power configuration, xy rides the lemon height dht hybrid system, consisting of 1.5t blended special engines and dht130 changeboxes, with a maximum power of 180kw and more than 2.0t fuel engine power, the official claims are that the same level can be achieved.
f Series (f5+f7/x): sports style. 1) Hafff5: Condensed suv, young and fashion-like, with a higher value of value. Car size 4470*1857*1638 mm, axis length 2680 mm, smaller compact suv, style-fashion mode, 7.98-1258 million dollars, actual price range within $100,000.
Pro, Chang Ancs55, for example, uses 1.5t-load engines, 7dct/6 self-constructed variable tank with a maximum power of 110kw and a peak torque of 210 nm, with a higher value for money. 2) Haffff7: Haver series suv, with a colorful look + space. The guiding price is 8.00-1249 million, which is slightly higher than f5.
Tide board design style, grid hexagonal design, with deep lights, head atmosphere, side movement, tailings, horsepower, peak torque 285nm. Category II: m6pus+first love + red rabbit, Hover brand small suv
First love + Red: Filling the small suv empty market. Lemon platform is based, entry-level tight suv: car size 4472/1841/1619 mm with 2700 mm axle; sale price of $7.9-113,000, "Four Bigs " 4 " Big Big Big Four, Bad Namings Attracting Consumers, "The Young One" location. Power configuration: 1.5t Engine, Ministry of Trade and Communications.
Combined fuel consumption is 6.4-6.7l, with a maximum power of 110kw, a maximum torque of 220m m m m, and a maximum power of 150p.
12.3 inch control, adapted from near-lights, etc., to a level of autonomy: Category III: h5+h9, Hover flag off-roads suv. h5 and h9 are two urban off-roads suvs under the Hover brand flag, using non-carried body parts.
The difference between the cost of $9.28-31.88 million and $17.68-335.8 million, respectively, is small. The differences include: 1) h5 focus on the mid- and low-end outdoors market, which is relatively high h9 and is dominated by the luxury off-the-road market. 2) h5 moves in a four-way phase, h9 moves in a multi-disconnection of electrical controls, and h5 locks are superior, but h9 uses 8at speed transfer boxes and controls.
A 6-mt gearbox with a better sex than h5, with a better power, more ability to get out of it, a greater axle range, and a better pass. 1.2.2. Wei: brand rejuvenates to create high-end smart hybrid car brands. The first generation of Wei brands is analysed objectively from two dimensions.
\triangleright dimension one: horizontal comparison. Comparison of high-end branding data between the Wall and Gilly: from 2017 to 2020, the collar is better than Wei. Wei's brand was listed about a year earlier than the lead brand.
The difference between the average monthly sales, which have risen to more than 20,000 vehicles, and Wei, which is still hovering at 10,000 vehicles, is widening. Figure 29: Comparison of sales/cars of Wei and Decks since wey's models were listed: Volvo technical endorsements bring significant points to the collars.
(ii) Wei brand: 2.0t/1.5t engine based on autonomous research and development, accompanied by 7dct, with high power 2.0t and low power 1.5t.
Wei Wei's brand is better than Wei's brand, and has a relatively larger range of pricing areas, with a wider range of consumer choices. Wei's consumer population compares with that of Hei's users: they are younger. 1) Wei's brand is based on the Great Wall's founder, General Wei, and the founder speaks for himself, focusing on the luxury suv market.
Safety. 2) Lead brands rely on Volvo technology endorsements, based on cma/bma platform-based products, product orientation focused on globalization, rejuvenation, and individualization. Purchase crowd analysis: based on up-front risk data analysis for 2020, lead brands account for a higher share of consumption in one or two or three-line cities than Wei, while four or five-line city brands account for a relatively higher share.
The Toyota-like Lexus, the Japanese-produced Infini track of success, the Great Wall car wants to create its own luxury brand Wei, based on the success of the Huff brand, one step by one, purely on its own. However, based on consumer feedback over the past three years, Wei and Hafer are not fundamentally different, and the underlying reasons are as follows:
The parameters have been upgraded, but they have not made a qualitative leap. 2) Appearance: Wei has a completely different style from Haver, and he has a better quality of material, such as interior. 3) Brand content: the emphasis on safety requires long-term technological accumulation and is subject to the presence of foreign luxury brands. This eventually leads to: Wei’s actual cut-off zone is still around 150,000 won, and it is not possible to do so.
Moca/Machido/Nattar has started a new generation of Wei brands, rejuvenating: incorporating life into technology, coffee and lemon into high-end branding.
A new generation of smart cars, high-level assistive driving + combined with fully self-researched hybrid technologies, brands are brand-new. Coffee smartness: 1) Three intelligence mixes, creating user-centred mobile intelligence spaces, perception-data-hmi-exercise. 2) Core configuration: Full Solid Laser Radar, the first global launch of 8155 chips, leading the production of 5g+v2x on wireless terminals.
The global first has a 9dct gearbox/electromagnetic active suspension. The whole new mix: lemon mix dht+48v mixes lightly. A core patent for autonomous development of the latest e20n2.0t engine, application of Miller loops, light-quantified designs and completely new optimised combustion systems. The global first has a 9ddc wet-style double-coupled converter.
New car market plans and sales targets: According to the data now available, Wei's brand has revealed three new models: Moka/Machito/Nattar, which replaces vv7/vvv6. Moca's smart technology was launched in Shanghai in April 2021, the car exhibition was on the market, and Macchido's lemon mix will be on the market in June 2021.
The Wall itself is expected to launch the Wei brand car scheme in June 2021, and in the future will introduce Wei brand mpv/cars, etc., with full price coverage of $1.53 million, with the goal of achieving 650,000 Wei brands by 2023.
The user orientation of the high-consumption and the combination of online and off-line marketing, the creation of a network of new distributors and the involvement of a variety of business models, the exploration of sales models for app-internaltoc, the transformation of flows from the public to the private domain, the development of vehicle models, the final up-to-date full-cycle appraisal, and the completion of all user operating mechanisms.
Traditional service models, which provide customized services. Use big dataai technology to get a full picture of the maintenance of vehicles, change the pattern of previous clients seeking services on their own initiative, and instead make an appointment to provide personalized services to clients. Promote research and development, business, marketing, and the establishment of a co-symbiotic system in user centres to enable the long-term operation of products.
It's a huge user pool, first-car model analysis: smart driving leads + big space + low price. New Wei's first-car smart driving technology leads: 1)6
Large redundancy: realization of sensory redundancy, electrical redundancy, control redundancy, structural redundancy, brake redundancy, shift redundancy; 2) Smart parking: realization of hand-movement + memory parking + remote-controlled parking + integration parking; 3) Laser radar: with 1 remote laser radar + 2 medium-range laser radar, up to 250 metres, high resolution; 4) Driver support: configuration of emergency diversion
Brakes, emergency lanes, backsliding, etc.; 5) noh pilot assistance: 5 mm wave radar + 1 pre-vision video camera module, smart perimeter detection, real-time traffic safety monitoring. Merca space and price advantages are clear. 1) comparison with vv7, full size ups, a reduction in axle range, and a reduction in space utilization; a slight drop in power, 100 km of fuel consumption.
From 7.5l to 7.5l; Moca has more laser radars, noh (high-speed automatic pilot driving) than vv7 and so on. 2) Space utilization is higher than Dondm, slightly larger than dm, with lower preparation quality, pure electricity, lower renewal (smaller battery packs) and lower fuel consumption. 3) It has a larger body size than cap 01.
At a cost of $17,98-2188,000, following a continuous upgrade of the ota, the noh high-speed automated pilot service was introduced two months after listing, leading to an autonomous up-and-down ramp; and the top-to-down vehicle model with three laser radars was launched in November, leading to highway autopilots across the landscape and partial urban roads, reaching the level of 193.
Figure 34: Lemon dht, noh pilot:
Six large redundancies: power + low oil, emergency shift to aid.
General description: 1 long-range stress > intelligent detection perimeter: vehicle overload
Mibo radar + 7 cm light radar + 2 medium-range stress Explosion: 2.0t high-efficiency
Cars go in, cars go out of safety valves, light radar, as far away as possible.
+1 Pre-View Camera System Auto-intended Mixed + 9dct Wet
Module + mobileye Emergency lane maintenance  high resolution: once
ELK: Emergency situation.
Pulse launch. Double power structure: Auto-identify.
Complete low speed cruise, hev power system, internal isolation malfunction.
and parking spaces > real-time monitoring, security, combined efficiency gains
Reverse: yes Control redundant: \triangleright
Car: dms system app to control the vehicle, test the driver or the driver.
Control the vehicle. Lines. Autocontrol.
The ex-operational environment competes for decision-making planning.
Take 4s; laser radar, communications structure, integrate parking: from
\triangleright stand-alone electronic system turned to redundancy
Mochavsvv7: 1) Total size increase, a reduction in axle range and a reduction in space utilization; 2) a slight decrease in power, with 100 km of oil consumption falling from 7.7l to 7.5l; 3) more than vvv7 configuration of laser radars, noh (high-speed automatic pilot driving) and other functions in moka.
Small size, low preparation quality, low retention (smaller battery packs) and low fuel consumption. Prices are lower, and average monthly sales are expected to exceed 2,000. Mercavs collar 01 (fuel version): larger body size and lower space utilization.
Figure 35: Detailed product spectrograms of tank brands. According to Marklines, the U.S. market for Land Cruisers (carboarded chassis & non-carried body structure) is of a size of 1-1.2 million, with a relatively concentrated pattern. We have a large suv model in the mainstream of the U.S. market based on "Yes"
Whether or not to screen the carrying chassis + non-carried body structure (bodyonframe) “for a total annual sale of about 100-1.2 million vehicles and an overall penetration rate of 7-8% in the passenger car market (including pickup cards) for a dozen mainstream Land Cruiser models, including explorer, Grandcherokee, 4runner and expedition.
See, the U.S. cross-country suv market is the top three As for Ford, fca, and Toyota, with a breakdown of market sales of 29%, 24%, 14%, respectively, and the rest for US commons, Koreans, and Europeans. The breakdown of the market is fort-type, explorers, and Chrysler Grande Cheroke, with annual sales of more than 200,000.
Figure 37: Quantity caliber: competition patterns of U.S. market off-road SUVs 2020 Figure 36: Change in U.S. market sales of SUVs/thong U.S. market share of SUVs increases from year to year, car share decreases and Picavi increases steadily; city suv makes the largest contribution
By car market (including pickups) as a whole, the United States has largely returned to its pre-crisis size since 2004, following the shock of the 2008 financial crisis, with 16 to 17 million vehicles since 2010. The distribution level shows a small change in the share of suv sales as a whole in 2004-2012, with the car market gradually expanding its share of the pickups, nuclear.
The reason for this is that environmentalism has emerged in the United States since the events of 11 September 2000, and consumers believe that environmentalism can be supported by reducing purchases of large, medium-sized vehicles, that Hummeres have become an unbridled, wasteful, anti-American model, and that cars have become more favoured by consumers at the time. Since 2012, the share of sales in suv, especially in the city, has expanded rapidly.
The card market has rebounded simultaneously, two-way compressed, the car market has been rapidly usurped, the city suv and pickups have become the market mainstream; the American national pride has risen in terms of consumption, the recognition of large military-size vehicles during the cold war has recovered, and, more importantly, the further warming of the economy since the financial crisis has accelerated the perception of consumption towards individuality,
By 2020, the U.S. share of cars in the car market was only about 30%, with suv accounting for more than 50%, and pickup for more than 20%. The large off-country suv development in the US market was large, owing to the deep culture of jeepsuv plus fuel production.
This low + single-person land area and higher economic levels, and more personalized consumption, are compounded by multiple factors. First, on the cultural front, the United States suv market originated in the WWII Jeep model, giving the U.S. suv a deep cross-country style; and, second, the U.S. market fuel costs are lower and American gasoline prices are stable (converted at 1 gallon = 3.78l, US$ 1 = 6.5).
Set at $4.7-4.8/l, which is 50 per cent lower than China ' s price of $8-9/l for large-scale high-oil off-the-road Suv in the United States market. Third, the United States has a vast landscape, with an average land area of close to 30,000 square metres per person, well beyond China ' s 7000 square metres; inter-city traffic is driven by individuals and infrastructure is relatively poor, and the off-country suv is relatively high.
It's more consistent with the everyday use of consumer travel by means of sex and adaptiveness to different roads. And fourth, the economy of American residents is more flat, cars have more stock, cars are more rationally consumed, and individualized consumption tends to be more individualistic and dynamic, compared to Chinese consumers' usefulness to space and family and prices.
Figure 42: The distribution of the Chinese market across the border/ten thousand Chinese market by car breakdowns compared to the sales of the large Chinese-American market and the breakdown of the sales of the Chinese-American market, shows that after entering the maturity period, it is possible to compare the sales of the Chinese-American market with the sales of the Chinese-American large.
The total market size of the large suv (domestic market class b/c suv, Marklines class d/e suv) in the two countries is less different, ranging from 3 million to 3.5 million, but taking into account the size of the overall passenger vehicle market, the share of the Chinese market is 20 to 25 per cent and 25 to 30 per cent, respectively. The core of the large suv market difference between China and the United States is found in the medium-sized, large suv and large suv, respectively.
The U.S. share is roughly 1:2, while the domestic market’s large suv account for less than 2% of the total of the medium-sized suv market. Large suv (which is more concentrated in this field) has greater scope for future upscaling. Consider 1) the differences in Chinese-American consumption habits, America’s preference for larger sizes, and sport-crossing style: 2)
China’s market economy consumes a low level of consumption per capita of about one-fifth of the United States; 3) China’s per capita land area is relatively small, about 20-25% of the United States; 4) China’s market price of fuel is relatively high, nearly 100% higher than that of the United States. China’s market share of market sales in the off-road suv is lower than in the United States, and we expect total penetration.
At about 3.5 per cent, close to half of the penetration of the United States market, considering the overall size of China's market, the market for Land Cruisers, the domestic market, in particular, as per capita gdp gradually rises, the gap between the United States and the United States is gradually narrowing, the demand for automobile consumption as a household necessity is gradually decreasing, the consumption culture, represented by individualization, tidal play, etc., is gradually rising, and it travels on its own.
Compared to the share of China’s market suv and the breakdown of cars (including pickups), China’s market suv now has less than 1% full market penetration, with only 100,000 to the right, dominated by the national solar system + the Great Wall + import. The urban suv dominates the domestic suv market.
The share of the car market has declined steadily from 80% to about 46% since 2005. Similar to the development of the U.S. cross-country market, the domestic market, as economic consumption rises, individualization has led to the expansion of the size of large suv markets, such as Land Cruisers, which we expect to see in the future.
Suv’s share of the domestic cross-country car market is around 3 to 4%, and the market’s size remains close to 900,000 vehicles when it matures. The reason for the success of the Great Wall’s 300 tanks is that: 1) the main price band is located between 200,000 and 600,000 yuan in the country’s blank market segment.
In the blank blue sea segment market; 2) cross-country-related non-cargo designs, differential locks, collision safety, driving manipulation, passivity, etc., have a deeper build-up of the Great Wall army, and tank platforms have a stronger brand image as a dedicated carrying chassis production module. 3) Tank 300 high performance + high value for value + smart configurations match these user needs.
With regard to off-road performance, tank 300 has a professional, non-carried cross-country chassis, with four-drive and differential locks, 33° near corner, 34° exit corner, 23.1° longitudinal pass angle, with a minimum distance of 224 mm from the ground, with a maximum slope of 70%, accompanied by worming patterns, tank reverse patterns, transparent chassis, active stabilizers,
Smart driving, smart networking, intelligent drifting, and immersed technology compartments can be more adapted to the current consumer’s quest for intelligent life and driving experience. In terms of value for money, the tank’s 300 guides cost $17,58-2138,000, which is about $300,000 lower than the traditional hard-to-peer Prado and the horseman.
The trend in cross-country urbanization is evident in the distribution of different cross-country markets between the luxury tanks 800 for business and the technology 700 for main-line machine armor. Tanks 700 and 800 further expand the Great Wall carbon bank ' s frequently biased product matrix, shaping stronger cross-country brands. The Wall itself expected 500,000 tank brands to be sold globally in 2025, making it a world-renowned cross-country.
1.2.4. Picca: The chain of cannons and wind thugs continue to consolidate the first position of the Picca market The Great Wall's Car Piccard product matrix system is as follows: The U.S. pickup market has been growing for a long time and has stabilized to around 3 million vehicles, accounting for the total number of U.S. passenger cars.
According to Marklines, after the 2008 economic crisis, the United States pickup market gradually recovered to its previous peak level of about 3 million vehicles, with a penetration rate of nearly 20%. In the pattern, the pickup market has the highest share of local branding + Ford sales, with fca and Toyota combined by four major groups until 2020.
For specific brands, Ford and General Chevy are at the top of the list, where the combined sales are close to 60%, and Ram and Toyota, where the top four brands together account for over 80% of sales. Fortf and Chevril Frado have the highest share of sales in 2020.
Not to mention 27 per cent and 20 per cent, fca has a market share of 19 per cent and 9 per cent respectively for the general gmc-type breakdown of market sales, with a combined 75 per cent share of cr4. Figure 51: Changes in the share of major brand sales in United States market cards
High human costs + wide geographical + consumption rationalises as a central reason for the penetration of high-skin-cars in the United States market. For example, a prior analysis of the U.S. market overland pattern, the overall cost of manpower in the United States is relatively high, while the land area per capita is larger, and the vast territory and housing area makes the role of cars more important, not only in the daily travel and household life of consumers.
Domestic pickups have grown in reverse, and remain large in foreign markets, with a space of about 1 million vehicles. The downside of the domestic car market since 2017, with the exception of pickups, where the main types of sales have been on the same scale as before, has been on the rise.
The same year-on-year rise was 8.6% in 2020, with an annual sales of 491,000. As a result of policy constraints, only 2% of the domestic pickup is far below the global penetration rate of 6-7%, there is still a large market space for mature markets such as the United States, and with the liberalization of the pickup-in-town policy and a shift in consumption perceptions such as the use of the pickup, we finally judge the country.
In particular, the main drivers of development in the domestic pickup market are: 1) extraneous policy catalysts: Picard policy is gradually loosed and needs are expanded. The pickups are classified as light in our country.
The use of trucks, which are restricted in some cities, and the need to post reflective strips at the back of the vehicle, which affect the utility and beauty of the vehicle, as well as the inconvenience of frequent annual inspections, discourages the consumption of pickups. Since 2016, the ban on pickups has been in place in all parts of the country, and now in Yunnan, Hebei, Liaoning, Henan, Xinjiang, Xinjiang, Xinjiang, Xinjiang, Xinjiang, Xinjiang, Xinjiang, Xinjiang, Xinjiang, Xinjiang, Xinjiang, Xinjiang.
In the provinces and municipalities of Hubei, Jilin, Jiangxi, Shandong, and Chongqing, the control of pickups has been eased in terms of restrictions on travel and labelling, leading consumption at the policy level, which has contributed substantially to the growth of the demand for pickups. (2) The idea of endogenousity: meeting individualized needs, the use of high-end pickups is expected to release the potential for consumption.
Commercial vehicle attributes and passenger vehicle attributes, which are now primarily commercial in demand, mainly for engineering or freight. For the model, the United States pickup market has developed, subject to the liberalization of the use restrictions, the pickup will gradually evolve from a tool-type vehicle to a vehicle that meets the needs of the recreational off-road. According to the Central European Association's Autonomous Automobile Industry Branch, our consumer is currently on the line.
Picard's perception is also gradually shifting to a multi-purpose vehicle model that is suitable for crossing the border, and the change in the Picard concept will trigger a boom in the high end of the world, and the demand for the pickup. According to China, the share of high-end pickups in the sub-price range has been increasing, and according to the Federation, the share of inter-zone sales has steadily increased from 10.1% in 2012 to 2019.
17.5%, further supporting the trend towards high-end multi-use of pickups, the Great Wall ' s absolute leader in the industrial transformation. Deirpika was launched for the first time in 1996, after more than 20 years of developing the Great Wall to improve the quality and branding of pickup products, and for 23 consecutive years the Country of Picard.
Inner sales are the first to have a clear lead in brand power, product power, channels, and so on. Today, the Great Wall Pekka masters include a series of wind and cannons that are primarily commercial and high-end. We expect that, as the domestic pickup industry progresses towards high-end, multi-use trends, the end of the pickup market will move out, and the Wall will take advantage of its pioneers.
The greatest benefits from the industrial winds are derived from the advantages of location and pre-emptive advantage.Figure 56: Market share of the Great Wall pickup (%) in different regional markets:
1. In the intra-ocean market, the advantage of the Great Wall cannons is evident when pickups are used. The main advantage of the gun is that, since its introduction in 19 years, there has been a strong resonance. 1) With regard to the power system, the cannons are carrying a 2.0t turbo booster engine with a gw4c20b, matching the 8at of Cerebilus, with a smooth output of the engine and a maximum twisting of the engine.
Up to 400 nm, with a clear lead on other pick-up trucks; 2) in the design of the interior and the interior, the car is full and personal, the front face is equipped with a multi-holed gas grid with a large front perimeter, the interior is covered with soft real leather covers, four multi-purpose steering wheels, a 9-inch medium-control screen, wind vents to air conditioners and yachts, both of which are equipped
The Great Wall cannon consists of three power forms: gasoline, diesel, pure electric, and a hybrid, commercial, off-road, three-car type, with a correspondingly wide price range that allows different consumers to use a car. 2) According to the overseas market, the Wall is officially entering the Thai market, and pickup sales are expected to enter the new stage.
Picards are modest in size, stable engine durability, low overall cost of use, while pickups have low consumption tax policies, pickups are important models for the Thai automobile industry and perform a variety of functions, such as step-by-step travel, freight, etc. According to Marklines, 430,000 pickups were sold in 2019 in the Thai market, with a penetration rate of over 40%. Meanwhile, Thai consumers focus on leather trucks.
In 2020, the Great Wall car was placed in the Thai market, where it acquired the Luong factory and upgraded it to meet the global standards of the Great Wall ' s smart whole-car plant, meeting the demand for production, including internal combustion, plug-in hybrids and pure electric cars, which would be better served by local production.
Local market demand, full product arrays + high-value products + high-quality service systems will open up Thailand's Great Wall Pekka.
Black bombs, dragon bombs, fire bombs form the "5-gun 3" top-of-the-ground pickup matrix. Full-size pickups are built on tank platforms to create a new category of recreational travel pickups based on future technology + private space + intelligent cross-country.
In 2025, domestic consumers were more receptive to the cards, not only to low-end markets of less than $100,000, but also to high-end markets of between $100,000 and $300,000.
The pickup market is expected to account for about 50 per cent of the domestic pickup market, and the opening of the pickup market in Thailand is beginning to bear fruit, with overseas market sales entering a period of growth. 1.2.5.Ola: New branding of the world’s favorite female electric car
Analysis of demand trends in the domestic new energy market Policy shifts consumption into market-based consumption, supply-driven demand, and accelerated market change. Marketized conditions in the early stages of the development of our new energy automobile market were due to high R & D costs, inadequate charging facilities, low profits on the supply side of the industry.
Poor. The state is active on the supply side, ranging from support for direct purchase subsidies to the implementation of a “double-cent” policy to encourage cars to produce new sources of energy and to restrict fuel-car production; and has taken the lead in piloting new energy cars in several of the country's major high-consumption cities with a demand-side “licensing-free” policy to accelerate their spread.
Driven by transformation, the new energy car, represented by Tesla’s national product, Model3, was truly transformed in early 2020 by the consumption of trams. With low fuel costs and experience of high-intelligent levels of intelligent driving, the exclusive advantage of large electric cars is taking on a growing share of consumer buy-in considerations, and market demand is driving up large-scale growth.
New energy market demand trends are evident: we have experienced car-suv developments in the car market and are now in the third phase: the early stages of the development of the new energy car market. The core characteristic is that the policy drive consumption to market, consumption, and supply-side changes are taking the lead in accelerating demand change. In the future, the four core development directions of our new energy car market are:
Including: 1)ev consumption is mainstreamed. 2) Unlimited area consumption is the main increase in the future market. 3) - 300,000 yuan in the market. Core conclusion: Based on a steady increase in overall sales in the domestic car market, we expect a total of 2025 and 10,000 vehicles, of which ev consumption rose from 81% to 90% in 2020, and the limit-to-purchase rate of new energy penetration in cities rose from 17% to 17%.
50% of the level. In the long run, the share of new energy vehicles sold in restricted cities has risen and declined, from 2020 to 2020, with a breakdown of the market for new energy vehicles (non-operational/private consumption) by price belt and range range: 100-per cent for the four major price bands of $100,000 and below 20-300,000 yuan/300,000 yuan or more, respectively.
300km/300-500km/and above/500km/renewal of the three main continuity zones, which divide the new energy vehicle market into 12 sub-areas, each representing an independent segment of the market, summarizes consumption characteristics and judges future consumption trends by analysing the breakdown of average monthly sales of market-type vehicles and the number of vehicle-type roll-outs.
The price band of $100,000 is as follows: representative of car type - macrolight Mini, Eura black cat. The range of 100-300 km continues, with less than $50,000 represented by macrolight Mini, which has accounted for more than 80% of the market since it was listed. We expect that without macrolight Mini will continue to take up the market share of double wheeled cars, and that sales will continue to climb and become a new energy vehicle.
In the 300-500 km range, the price of $5-100,000 is represented by black cats, including cars like Chirre ants. Black cats are listed quickly to capture the shares of the brands Jianghuai, Chiré, etc., in this segment, and the blue sea market for female target consumers, with high value for money and precise market positioning as their core competitiveness, and future market sales.
It is hoped that this will continue to rise and become another central segment of the new energy car market.) The price belt of $100,000-20 million represents the model of the car — the Bosamaiaons, the Euratom Cat, Teslamodel2 (not listed). 300-500 km of the sub-market is dominated by Biadi Qin.
Biadi has been working deep for years at the $10-2 million price line with a strong branding influence, and Biadi Qin has also been at the top of the list of sales with a business-to-public market. The 100-300 km segment is dominated by the North Gas ec series and the People's Tee 200, and is now gradually out of the market, with a significant drop in sales in 2020 that has not been strong.
The market for the meta-price segment will be replaced by other markets because of the low-value ratio. For the next mileage range above 500 km, we expect the sales to climb faster, and Euratom's entry is expected to redefine the market-type standard, and step by step widens the market area. Over a longer period of time, the mileage anxiety will be resolved, and the main domestic fuel-type purchase zones will be replaced.
Focusing on this price belt, the size of the market is larger. 3) $200,000 to $300,000 price belt: representative of car type - Biadehan, Teslamodel3, popular id.4. The price belt is mainly for renewals of more than 300 km. 300 to 500 km break-down markets include Winwerx5, Tesla.
Model3 (Standard Continuing) etc., the annual average monthly sales and the number of cars have risen year by year, and the medium- and high-end electric vehicle sales, represented by Model3, have climbed to a higher level, becoming one of the core segment markets for the future increase in the sale of electric vehicles. For the market segment over 500 km, Biadihan is the sole leader of the market, with blade batteries for a long range + a high safety department.
In the future, the net id.4 of the public’s home-grown electricity will divide the market by further increasing the size of the support.) Over 300,000 price bands, representing car sizes 6, mini-p7, model3, etc.
Focusing on the market for more than 500 km in succession. According to high risk data, compared to the relatively well-developed fuel market, the price of more than $300,000 for full market sales is about 10%, the total sale of more than $300,000 worth of fuel in 2020 was 2.2 million vehicles plus new energy models, and the penetration rate was around 13%. We expect new energy sources by 2025.
The annual sales space for new energy cars above $10,000 is expected to rise to close to 1 million.
The core competitiveness is: brand power (precision positioning to the market to ring a new brand) + product power (high-priced versus strong-product-making) + operations (specialized innovation marketing, all-inventive play). 1) brand power: core positioning.
Women's acquisition needs increase to open up the new blue sea market. 2) Product power: Blackcat/Whitecat space foot + continuation long + smart configuration is excellent compared to the priced car; good cat space utilization is high compared to the priced electric vehicle, with L2+ level ASA configuration far ahead. 3) Operations: Core Focus Users create and innovate marketing.
It's easy; the under-line shop is centralized, the whole market is covered, and the electrics are working together to expand the distribution channels. Compared to fuel cars of the same class: black cats are cheap, space is full, travel costs are low.
The cost of electricity is lower than the cost of fuel, and black cats are ahead of the edge. Moreover, although they have a slightly smaller absolute axis, considering electric power, the size of the car ' s three power systems is much smaller than that of power systems such as fuel motors, transformers, etc. The actual internal space is not bad. Under the exclusive pure power platform, the length of the axis is higher, and space utilization is more advantageous.
For configuration, black cats are equipped with active security, ota upgrades, etc., and black cats/white cats are better equipped with smart technology than priced electric vehicles.
These include mileage extension and recharge time, combined with low preparation quality assurance, larger space security driving experience. In addition, smart technology configuration, black cats have active safety, intelligent cruise systems, key access, ota, etc., white cats have 360 panoramic images, traffic deviation alerts and roads.
In addition, Eura black cats/white cats, based on a pure level of electricity, are better than the rest of the competing models and achieve the maximum benefit of the smallest car length, compared to the configuration of the electric car, are well price-friendly, and sales are expected to make a sustained breakthrough.
Aions, pelicans, and others, have maintained a level of 12+ in intelligent driving, but at a price of 46,000 yuan, and continued mileage through the 500 km gate, with greater space in the car, and higher value than in the past, and with retrospection and interior cutting of young consumers, future sales are expected to make a sustained breakthrough.
Good cat space utilization is high compared to the price-based electric vehicle, with a fast ahead of the L2+ level auxiliary driver configuration. Good cat catch. Three main currents of the electric vehicle: Big Space + Long Retrieval + High Smart. 1) Continuing mileage through 500 km, far beyond competitive model; 2) Long-axis distance over 60%, far beyond competitive model; 3) Full-speed adaptation to cruise/line-assisted/carway bias.
Three factors add up, competitiveness is far ahead, and prices are relatively low, and a rapid increase in sales is expected in the future to stabilize the market for cars of $10-15 million.
Thinking steps are tight, with a "black and black" layer of progress. Eura brands have three products: white cats, black cats, good cats, which have a necessary evolutionary relationship in the timing and logical sequence of product roll-out. Ora white cats are the first step towards meeting the prevailing cat culture among the young consumers of the moment; and Eura black cats are the first step towards consumers.
Later, consumers’ claims were absorbed; the introduction of a brand-new good cat was more evidence of the Great Wall's deep-seated bottom-up market, with a bottom-up logical layer advancing to lay a solid consumer base. The new Lightning Cat + Punk Cat + Big Cat (to be determined) was launched, and the Global Love Woman car brand is online.
The new Ora brand-new electric saloon, launched by the Shanghai Car Fair, has a 4s100 km acceleration, an open door, hidden doorknobs, automatic lift-down tails, a balance of color and motion, a motion-orientated correction of high-performance cobalt-free batteries and the latest techniques based on lemon platforms, redefinition of the world of superruns. There is also a combination of ancient aesthetics and forward-looking intelligence, individualization.
At the same time, the consumer punk cat and the new series of compact super cat (name to be determined) are published, and the Orah brands are rich with a matrix of electric products. At the operational level, the Oula brand features include the following large dimensions:
1) App operates in a simple and functional manner. The app homepage consists of five main panels, which are in turn: square blocks, responsible social distribution; radio panels, responsible for entertainment information; motion panels, responsible for socialization of motorists, creating a common hobby circle; and panels, which are eula's own features, which provide real-time access to information such as navigation + prices.
The home page design is more friendly, functional, ad hoc charger service plate, and the mileage anxiety. In addition, the application has a dedicated active community to discuss communication, ora block to help users choose the most suitable car type and the Euros to promote the peripheral sticky user product, etc.
2) Large upfront charge facility input, easily charged. Eulla charges in two ways: home-loaded power posts are given and installed free of charge for three years; according to the Automotive Home, Eulah is out of the Ulla-fare charger as of October 2019 with 220v mobile charge cable, and more than 260 cities across the country are connected to 328,000 recharge posts serving all new energy vehicles.
Users. App provides a search service for charge-in-posts, precision stubs, simple settlement. 3) Subline stores are centralized, full market coverage is available, electricity operators are working together to expand distribution channels. In January 2021, officials, other points of 443. All of them use a completely new operating model to build a diversified and light supply separate from sales and after-sales.
A three-tier network-covering end-shop model is created with Ora House, City Experience Shop, Smart Door, from one-two to three-to-four-line market and, together with Skycat, Kyundong and Suning, from six to five and four-line market tops, with full market coverage. The Ora House is located mainly in the traditional car business, from fours to Dos, and will be more encouraging for Europe in the future.
La House is in the center of the city; the Ora Experience Shop is located mainly in the business world; and the Ora Wisdom Door is located in the living circle. According to the Ora Network, 20 years of OLA dealers’ operations have increased significantly compared to 19 years, with single shops having increased their effectiveness by over 300%, their own exclusive channels and doors selling nearly 80%, and their construction has been very successful.
Property rights trading and tenure trading systems, which include retail, customer-oriented, direct-on-line and third-party outsourcing models for end consumers; right-of-use transactions, which include three models: finance lease, mileage package sale and long-term rental; and 2b, which introduce time-to-time leasing and Internet subscription services, fully transforms with distributors, moving from a single sale of new vehicles to a single sale of new vehicles for profit.
Production of a full life cycle and a full value chain. According to our calculations, we expect the sales and market coverage of the Euro brand 2021-2025 to be detailed as follows: 1) Optimism 1.2.6. Reserves: high-end electric car brand Sharon Project + BMW joint venture beam project
In mid-2020, the Great Wall and BMW each held 50% of their shares, with a total investment of $5.1 billion, and the chairman and deputy directors were appointed by the Wall and BMW respectively. The new brand was provided by BMW and the Wall was responsible for space, financing and production. Construction began in mid-2020, with a standard annual capacity of 160,000 vehicles, scheduled to be built in 2022, with the first item.
Pure electric car beam Mini came into production in 2023. Pure electric + hydrogen fuel cell cars developed in parallel, with a 2022 production of the high-end electric brand of the bba.
Sharon's wisdom, described by the Wall as “thinking about the development of cars without coming,” is an important link in accelerating the transformation of firms into global technology companies. It is now positioned as the top brand, with its business model characterized by high-base, high-tech, high-service capabilities and service levels, i.e., production.
The price of the product is between $300,000 and $500,000. Sharon is going to use a completely new way of operating, using hydrogen and pure electric routes, the Wall itself is going to produce in 2022, and the first vehicle will be going to win China first in the short term, long in the form of a new foreign space.
1.3.1. In 2030, the Great Wall will be able to grow 3 million cars in the Chinese market, and the Wall will emerge as an autonomous leader. The rise of the domestic market, suv, will provide an opportunity to increase the overall market share of major brands from 20-30% to 30%-40%, and a new cycle of electric smart cars.
The arrival of the dividend provides an opportunity for autonomous brands to rise from 40% to 50% or more. Among these, the Great Wall vehicle is at the top of its own body size, with an electro-intelligent structure that starts from the bottom and achieves a core domain of self-research, core competitiveness, and the highest chances of impacting the autonomous leader.
It is expected to reach more than 50% (13-15 million annual sales) and close to 25% of the market share within the Great Wall’s autonomous brand, i.e., sales in the domestic market outpaced by 3 million. Thanks to the suv development dividend and its own technological strength and brand image, the Great Wall’s national market for cars is growing.
The Wall has grown steadily. 1) By car, the Wall has grown steadily. From 2005 to date, the Wall has grown from less than 1% of the market to 5% of the industry. 2) Within autonomous brands, the Wall has risen rapidly. With the first round of the country ' s s suv development dividend in 2011-2013, the Wall has launched the Huffh6-type car, which continues to occupy the country for a long period of time.
As we measure the future growth of the Great Wall ' s domestic market, the overall core of the industry assumes the following: 1) the overall low growth of the country ' s share of vehicle sales; 2) the total growth of new energy sources.
In 2020, 35 per cent increased to about 43 per cent in 2030, while the penetration of the autonomous brand in the electric car sector gradually declined from a high point, with the following assumption being that: 1) the share of fuel suv in the overall fuel stock rose slowly from 45 per cent in 2020 to 50 per cent in 2030. 2) Considering the concentration of the Huff brand in the price band below 150,000 yuan, the core of the Great Wall ' s brands is as follows: 1)
The overall share of suv sales in fuel suv declined from 55 per cent in 2020 to 45 per cent in the short term, showing a small increase in absolute sales and a long-term contraction; the market share of Hover brand sales in this segment rose gradually, and the market was cleared from 15 per cent in 2020 to 18 per cent in 2030.) The Great Wall name suv, the tank brand for fuel cities above $150,000, was raised from 15 per cent in 2020 to 18 per cent in 2030.
The share of cross-country suv in the market has risen from 2 per cent in 2020 to 25 per cent in 2030; the share of urban suv in the market from 2 per cent in 2020 to 10 per cent in 2030; and the share of tank brands in the market from 150,000 to more than 40 per cent in 2021 (as of April).
The annual change of 42/13 per cent was 35/15 per cent in 2030, the share of autonomous branded fuel sedan markets rose steadily, and the share of energy market Great Wall salons and beam brand electric cars in 2030 reached around 10.3 per cent.7 The market of pickups, with policy liberalization and consumption escalation, has gradually increased sales, and the market of Grand Wall Picards has stabilized at 40 per cent of the whole market.
1.3.2. The growth space of the Great Wall ' s auto overseas market is expected to reach 1 million by 2030. Overseas markets are an important position for autonomous brands, especially the Great Wall ' s vehicles. Autonomous brand overseas path development planning, from easy entry: South-East Asia - Europe - United States - Japan and Korea.
Several of the world’s core car-consumption sites vary considerably in their stages of development and pattern stability. 1) Japan and South Korea markets: self-sustainability and domestic closure. The 20th century’s US-based Ford, General, etc., marches against Japan and Korea have failed, and many internationalized cars, represented by Japan and Japan’s Toyota/Honda/Japanese/Majuda/Suzuki, as well as by the modern South Korean department, have responded to Japan and Korea.
The United States market: the oil crisis of the 1970s and the changes in the way Japanese firms such as Toyota/Honda produce in the 1970s broke the monopoly of the United States over the United States market and created a fundamental balance between the United States and the Japanese system.
More consumer areas, smaller single markets, large brands, and fragmented patterns, generally dominated by the German public/Benz/BMW, with a limited share in the Japanese/American sector. But Europe’s electric vehicle market is growing faster, and local firms’ electric layouts are relatively slow, and are important breakthroughs for future home-owned brands in the European market.
Geographical advantage is expected to be an important breakthrough in China’s drive to globalize overseas markets. In summary, overseas markets are an important increase for autonomous headlines like Gilly/Gong City over the next 5 to 10 years.
The year’s suv development led to a rapid increase in China’s total car sales and holdings, and a gradual stabilization of the domestic car market. Drawing on the development experience of the overseas leader Toyota, the general public, etc., the country’s flagship expansion abroad is the path to globalization.
India: The suv market has a high ceiling, with greater opportunities for the Great Wall. Overall, the market continued to grow at a rapid rate until 2010 and slowed after 2010, reaching a peak of 4.4 million vehicles in 2018, of which Suzuki has an absolute leader with a share of over 40%.
The share of fees rose from less than 50% in 2004 to 80% in 2020. The market for passenger cars was dominated by Suzuki, where sales were close to 50%, and where there was a higher concentration.
Suzuki continues to dominate, with sales rates stable at around 50%, followed by modern, Indian Tata, Masindra, and so on. The share of cars in mainstream single sales in India’s market is declining year by year, with sales being higher than sales.
60% fell to less than 50%. The suv/mpv market rose from year to year, rising to more than 30% in 2020, and the Blue Sea market had greater potential to replicate China’s rapid growth of the suv market in 2010-2016.
Draa ' a share of 30.18 per cent (14 per cent) has not yet formed a monopolistic brand power, with greater opportunities for change in patterns. Figure 71: Share of vehicle sales in the Indian suv/mpv market, 2020
Thailand: The Great Wall is dominant, the Great Wall is more competitive, the overall market is smaller, and pickups account for the largest share of sales and cars are lower. The annual sales of cars in the Thai market have stabilized at around 1 million, reaching a peak of 1.4 million in 2012 and have declined rapidly since then.
Toyota + 50 bells, with a total of more than 50%. Toyota and Toyota are the first in a car market pattern similar to that of the car market. By car, the ratio is relatively low because of geography and residential habits, and has remained relatively stable after 2012 at 50% and slowly declining, with pickups higher than Picchi.
The share of cars has declined from year to year, to less than 30% in 2020. In the pickup market, the 50th bell is close to Toyota’s share, which together accounts for close to 80%, and the two are dominated by d-max and helux monoliths, respectively.
Figure 75: Thailand’s share of vehicle sales in the Pika market compares the performance of the Great Wall’s pika with that of d-max and hilux, with the Wall’s full-scale power of artillery, intelligent configuration, space, etc., taking advantage of higher prices, and with the prospect of a sustained increase in sales in the Great Wall’s overseas market.
Russia: The overall automobile market and the sub-markets in the sub-markets in the sub-markets are in the blue sea. The overall size of the Russian market is large, reaching a peak level of nearly 3 million vehicles by 2008, the rapid decline of the Russian domestic economy in the aftermath of the international financial crisis/sales in natural gas prices/economic sanctions, and the sale of cars.
In terms of patterns, Russian car market brand patterns are fragmented, local brand Lada shares are close to 20%, Korea + modern totals over 20%, Renault/Public/Scoda 8.7%/6%, respectively.
The brand Lada takes the lead) + Modern/Kea+ Mass + Toyota+gaz together account for more than 80%. The type of car, see, the Russian market is concentrated on cars + light cards, with cars accounting for more than 90%. The rest of the suv, pickups, etc., have fewer layouts, suv's emerging blue sea market, weak Russian indigenous brands, and the Great Wall's Hafff and h are expected to open at the lower end of the country.
Taking into account the future gradual recovery of Russian economic consumption to peak levels around 2013, the overall market sales in the automobile market have gradually recovered to around 3 million and market size growth has reached between 1 million and 1.5 million. On the side of the Gem, strong local brands have been acquired, and the share of sales in the Renault-Japanese Union is currently up to 30%.
In the context of future high market growth, the Great Wall brand uses its own strong suv products as a medium, avoiding the relatively competitive sedan market in Russia, with f-h being a medium- and low-end jeopardising wind product, with the prospect of opening up a new segment of Russia ' s Europe: 1.26 million vehicles of market size (ev+phev) in 2020, with a more fragmented overall pattern and fast entry.
Early in Europe, the electric vehicle market accelerated in 2020, an increase of 130% over 2019. Permeability rates, as the penetration rate rose from around 5% to 16%, and, under carbon-emission pressure, cars accelerated the pace of the electric vehicle roll-out, and the impact of the epidemic did not change the pace of the electric vehicle.
With the introduction of electric vehicles, new features such as smart autopilots, smart cabins, etc., becoming more electric cars, the market for electric cars in Europe will have a golden development dividend. Throughout 2021, we expect the sale of electric cars in Europe (including ev and phev) to reach a 20% penetration rate of over 2 million vehicles.
Disaggregated from the top three, with sales at 20 per cent, 17 per cent and 11 per cent respectively, the difference in the share of vehicles sold was smaller in Golf, Kona, Niro, Odie-Tron and BMW3 departments, with total sales of the top ten models at only 39.79 per cent, the overall pattern being more fragmented. (2) According to the branch companies, Europe is strong in terms of mass groups, the Renault-Japanese Union and Dhamler.
The top three cars were sold at 25%, 13%, 13%, and Tesla at 9%. The top 10 cars combined accounted for 93%. The European market for electric cars was large, with more than 40% of the mixed cars and a higher share of smaller cars below level A.
The growth has been accompanied by a clearer market profile for European electric vehicles: 1) more mixed. In 2020, the total share of electricity in new energy models reached 43%, well above the domestic level, owing to the fact that European government subsidies for hybrid vehicles exceeded the national level during the same period, but in the long run the market-based trend of pure electric vehicles is the dominant technology direction for the future.
There is still much room for upgrading in Europe compared to Europe. (2) The share of vehicles below level a is relatively high, with a total of 57 per cent of cars and suv in the European market, depending on the class of vehicles in the domestic market, a grade a, a0 and a00 levels, similar to the fuel market, and a large proportion of small-sized vehicles sold in Europe due to, for example, road conditions and residential travel habits.
Figure 83: European electric motor vehicle sales in 2020/ten thousand, Figure 84: Sales caliber: European electric vehicle sales in 2025 are expected to outsize 5 million cars against the backdrop of Europe ' s 2020 pattern of 2 million sales in 2021.
In the domestic market, the Wall is ranked first three in the market with a lower price of a pure electric a-class car, Eura branding: “The world's favorite women are expected to use a mature division of competencies in the future.
The market is well-positioned, and the development path of the domestic female pure electricity market is expected to be replicated in the European region. And, considering the density of the population in Europe and car usage habits, small-sized models are more competitive than large-sized ones.
The Great Wall's Ora, and future Sharon’s high-end automobile markets have greater potential, thanks to the leading levels of intelligent development in the domestic market. Taken together, the Wall’s overseas markets are projected to be sold as follows:
1) The European market: Assuming that overall sales remain stable over time, European penetration of electric vehicles has increased rapidly, reaching a total of 300,000 vehicles in 2030 (beams + Sharon). 30% of the year saw a total of 300,000 vehicles sold in 2030 in the Great Wall in Thailand (Haf + Pika + Ora).
One percent of the year went up to 10 percent in 2030, and the sale volume of the Great Wall in India (Hover) totalled 100,000 in 2030. 4) The Russian market: the overall volume of sales increased slowly, assuming higher competitive levels. The share of China’s car sales rose from 4% in 2020 to 15%, and the total sales of the Great Wall in Russia (Hover) to 150,000 in 2030.
According to company announcements, as of 2020, the Great Wall has been secured in the country, in places such as Xu Shui, Tianjin, Chongqing, Taizhou and overseas Russia.
In the future, the Great Wall is expected to reach close to 2 million electric vehicles, suv, and pickup capacity in Indian and Thai factories. Using its own apparent large single-car fleet to start off overseas markets, it is expected that sales will be scaled up rapidly, and global market visibility will be raised.
2. Profit forecasts and investment ratings are based on the following core assumptions, which forecast the profits of the Great Wall ' s cars for 2021-2023.
Given that the Great Wall will share several major brands in the future, we believe that the Wall should enjoy a higher valuation and maintain a “buy-in” rating. The renminbi, with the exchange rate at the current median price, HK$1 = US$0.83, has made less progress than expected in controlling the epidemic.
The recovery in demand in the vehicle sector is less than expected. A recovery in demand in the vehicle sector is an important industry factor for improved corporate performance and, if it is lower than expected, will make sales of corporate brands more difficult and have an impact on profitability.
The development of new energy vehicles has fallen short of expectations. If the development of new energy automobile technology and market demand have fallen short of expectations, it will affect the overall process of electricization in the industry, with a significant impact on the Great Wall’s sales volume and its own profits.