"The energy crisis + environmental pollution."
+ Traffic congestion” is a global problem that reduces the efficiency of social development, as well as rapid technological changes in new areas, such as power cells and ai, that gradually spread to industry. The pattern of automobiles as durable consumer goods with safety at their core will continue to change, with electric smart cars globally becoming more widely available.
This will result in two major changes: 1) the population's drive for cars has shifted from “image-status consumption” to “friendly and useful consumption”, with Japanese scholars Xiaoyu predicting that by 2030, the proportion of custom-made trips will have been reduced to 70% and the share-sharing rate raised.
To 30%. 2) New entrants lead to a redistribution of the value of the car industry chain from the chain to the grid. The increase in the share-sharing ratio will strengthen the future position of the smart travel service platform in the entire gateway system.
To get premiums by building their own brands. In the future automobile chain web, core values are divided into: smart mobility platform plus brand company plus stand-alone module supplier, in a dependent role as a big, unbranded factory plus car owner plus experience transfer centre.
Li: Autonomous brands present a great opportunity to rise in history. Drawing on the common pattern of the rise of the US-Japan-Germany automobile industry: car power is strong in manufacturing, and vice versa; the competition of auto lords is essentially a change in the way they produce; they grow in isolation from a world-led demand market.
This wheel of electric smart cars has given China a triple dimension to the rise of its autonomous brands: 1) Automobiles have a strong autonomous supply chain. 2) The most profound response to Chinese consumers is the greatest. 3) Automobile companies are less burdened with transformation than overseas ones. With this round of opportunities, we believe that there are two types of opportunities for car companies:
1) Autonomous cars with a certain scale of production and sales have gone up to achieve a growth path similar to Toyota, with the Wall car being the core player. 2) A few new cars have emerged, similar to the path developed by the oil crisis in Honda, Japan, where the new driving force is the core player.
1 The Great Wall Cars (601633): May Wholesales equal to +6%, tank brands ongoing Profit Forecasts and Investment Ratings: We project the company ' s net profits to its parent company in 2021-2023
The Great Wall deserves a higher valuation, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. Energy cars are developing below expectations.
The central driving force of change is the hundreds of years of auto boom, efficiency + demand + problem solving. The problem is the build-up of spears, the foundation of technological breakthroughs, and the acceleration of efficiency. Starting in 1913, Henry Ford of the United States invented the way of running water lines, the car-to-car manufacturing enterprise was at its core, characterized by large-scale production and large-scale marketing patterns.
The Bureau has gradually emerged, and the automobile industry has become global in terms of design-procurement-production-marketing. With the rise in global car holdings and the emergence of the oil crisis, the increase in global gdp and the rise in the living standards of the population, crude production and homogenous appearances have failed to satisfy the residents’ “identity, status symbol + comfort, security” of cars.
Toyota’s delicate, cost-effective production methods have been revolutionized, increasing the profitability of the entire garage, and further strengthening the pre-existing globalized industrial landscape with the entire factory at its core. Behind the industrial transformations are the old production patterns and the inability of productivity to adapt to fast-changing societies.
And it's hard to solve the new problems that social development brings. So society creates the driving forces of technological renewal, new demands for new technologies reinforce each other, production patterns change, and social productivity increases. So social progress is essentially the cycle and overlap of problem creation and problem solving, and the search for more efficient solutions is technology.
1.1. Catalyst one: energy crisis + environmental pollution + traffic congestion: energy crisis
The oil crisis has intensified, and fuel consumption is not far away. Sustained vehicle holdings have led to high levels of oil dependency.
We're one of the world's largest oil importers, surpassing the United States in 2018. The NSO caliber: at the end of 2017, we detected only 3.5 billion tons of oil reserves per year.
In 2019, our oil imports amounted to 506 million tons, an increase of 9.55 per cent compared to the previous year, and oil external dependence amounted to 72 per cent. The large shortfall in oil storage and demand, on the one hand, significantly increased the cost of moving cars and, on the other hand, increased environmental pressure and increased the risk of global energy conflicts.
\triangleright carbon emissions have increased and greenhouse effect/tail pollution has increased. According to ourworldinda data, 1) globally, 50 billion tons of greenhouse gases were emitted in 2019, more than 15% of which came from transport and 11.9% from road gas.
(ii) Domestically, the total emissions of the four pollutants from our motor vehicles in 2019 totalled 16,038,000 tons, of which more than 90% of nitrogen oxides and particulates and more than 80% of carbon monoxide and hydrocarbons were emitted by cars. Global policy countries are tightening their policies and tightening their regulations.
Figure 5: Global share of greenhouse gas emissions, 2019
Figure 6: Proportion of emissions of four pollutants from motor vehicles Carbon monoxide (co) Carbon compounds (hc)
Traffic congestion \triangleright traffic congestion has increased and travel efficiency has decreased considerably. As global urbanization trends have become apparent, large city clustering and cities have become more effective.
The rapid increase in the size of the city’s population, with rising levels of consumption, has led to a rapid rise in vehicle ownership, particularly of private vehicles, and to an increase in urban traffic congestion, most notably in countries with high population density, such as China, Japan, and Japan. In 2019, both cities faced more than 60% of the morning and evening peaks of each working day, with China’s Chongqing and Japan’s Tokyo as examples.
The congestion situation reduces engine speed and increases fuel consumption. Under traffic congestion, the speed drop leads to lower engine speeds, lower standards of work, lower engine fuel efficiency, and higher unit mileage consumption.
Inversely, the speed of the engine turns and twists, the speed of the engine turns lower, the speed of the twists increases; (2) the area of the engine's efficient workspaces is narrow and the speed of the engine is between 2000 and 3500 r/min; 3) the heat efficiency of the engine is low in different working conditions.
The heat efficiency of the engine is low, and this often corresponds to the start-up and deceleration phase of the vehicle. Traffic congestion is increasing and travel time is increasing, and fuel consumption is again increasing + tail gas emissions are also increasing.
Developing countries with large populations have entered the automobile society, with more than 1 billion cars worldwide since 2010 and maintaining faster growth towards 2 billion vehicles, with rising social pressure. By contrast, China’s vehicle holdings rose most significantly in the 12-year period 2004-2015, from 3 to 13% globally, to developing countries like Europe and America.
The pattern of large-scale production, marketing, and use of traditional cars is constrained by an increasing environmental crisis, and addressing energy stress, environmental pollution and reduced mobility has become an important direction for the future development of the automobile industry.
As the economy rises, the main consumer market for cars has shifted from Europe and the United States to large population countries, represented by China and India, and vehicle holdings have increased faster. The resulting tail gas emissions,
Increasing fuel consumption, traffic congestion, etc., have become the most pressing issue in the current global transport market. From an individual point of view, the essence of the need for cars is to be able to meet their own needs at any time or place; from a social service point of view, the collective efficiency of society as a whole can only be achieved if individual efficiency is constantly improved.
So the core of the conflict remains the optimal combination of individual and social effects, and technological advances that drive change are the key to breaking down. The dramatic increase in the level of the computer information revolution for people in low- and middle-income countries since the twenty-first century is proof that technological progress is driving the pace of change faster, leading to an increase in social efficiency.
• Catalyst two: “Technology +ai” technological advances lay the basis for change, three power technology breakthroughs, environmental stress mitigation, solution and efficiency enhancement of social issues with a central focus
Lithium deposits are abundant and long-term alternatives to petroleum resources for battery feedstocks. 1) Storage dimensions: global lithium reserves in 2019 were about 17 million tons, with a ratio of reserves in over 220, mainly concentrated in Chile, China, Australia, and Argentina. China has identified a reserves of 1 million tons of lithium deposits in 2019, representing 6% of the world, and a storage ratio of 133 tons.
Lower cost + energy density of lithium batteries creates a precondition for large-scale industrialization. The electric wave in the automobile industry begins with a breakthrough in battery technology, but industrialization presupposes a reduction in manufacturing and use costs for consumers.
The acceptance is based on an increase in useful life and experience. As battery technology breaks out, according to bnef projections, it is expected to decline further in 2030. In addition, according to Ninder Times official network data, in 2020 Ning, the three-dollar lithium battery has also passed 140wh/kg, and the energy density of the Yadi blade cell is 180wh/kg higher than the energy density of the battery.
Figure 14: Global lithium deposits and storage ratios v2x car network +ai driving, free eye brain, core focus individual efficiency enhancement 1) car connectivity is based on in-car networks, inter-carnets and vehicle-borne mobile Internet, agreed system architecture and
Its communications protocols and data interaction standards achieve V2x wireless communication and information exchange to achieve an integrated network of intelligent traffic management, intelligent dynamic information services and vehicle intelligence controls. Ultimately, the goal is to connect people without compromise + car without barriers + road without delay feedback.) The ichi chip is rapidly developed, intelligently sensed integration and decision-making is implemented.
The development of vehicles reduces the reliance on the driver’s own skills, while also reducing the probability of accidents resulting from individual driving behaviour, increasing safety coefficients, freeing the driver’s and driver’s eyes and minds, and improving the efficiency of the handling process. In China, for example, the automatic driving upgrade path is currently in class 1.3 import phase.
The former auxiliary driving function is mainly grade 11/l0, level 1 achieves a deceleration or shift to control, the driver continues to operate the vehicle horizontally and vertically, the representative function is lka, aeb, etc., and the vehicle e/e structure is distributed, i.e. most functions remain distributed discrete unit control, i.e. individual ecu functions, with an overall one-stop value of approximately 7,000
The driving must always remain in control and operate horizontally and vertically in a system in a given setting, with representational functions accwitthlka, apa, etc., around $10,000. By 2020, it will officially enter the class 1-3 era, freeing hands for the conditional autopilot.
There is no need for constant monitoring of the system, but constant vigilance and intervention is required, with representational functions of tjp, rpk, etc., distributed e/e structures gradually evolving into a centralized domain structure, with the entire vehicle divided into approximately 5-6 domains, controller computing, index-level upgrades, the Ethernet starting to appear, and the overall one-car support value of 1 3 and below is approximately 25,000 yuan.
It will gradually enter the class 1-4 age, with additional performances, such as chips and algorithms, further upgrades of autopilot functions, city pilot, higher ap, further upgrades of the e/e architecture, and changes in the overall one-car package value of 1-4 and below: share-by-exit, but the mainstream is still private.
Division of labour, specialization, standardization/normatization of processes to avoid differences in individual performance, maximizing individual strengths, collective strengths, platform advantages, technological advantages, direct-directed outcomes of technological change, conceptual advances Driver change: image-based consumption to user-friendly consumption
In the case of the Chinese market, there has been a rapid increase in domestic car sales since 2005, with a breakthrough of 10 per 20 million vehicles in 2009/2015. The rapid increase in vehicle sales has been accompanied by the consumption of “privatization” cars for consumption, the emergence of cars as a symbol of identity status, and a significant increase in sales of public/toyota/general joint ventures.
This is clear. As the economy rises and the pace of life accelerates, cars gradually enter thousands of homes, their “luxury” attributes fall in gold, their consumption becomes rational, considerations become practical + convenient, and the private ownership of cars becomes markedly less attractive in the age of interconnected communications.
Figure 18: Changes in vehicle holdings and per capita gdp in the domestic market (left axis: 10,000; right axis: 10,000 yuan) Real cost changes: (pre-period expenditure + follow-up maintenance)vs Prices for platform services
Comparison of the cost and utility of purchasing platform services such as private cars and choosing to rent: 1) Cost of purchasing vehicles includes one-time expenditure on pre-purchases (including direct consumption, manpower and time costs) + expenditure on after-sales services (including direct consumption and human, material costs) + fuel costs, which have cost consumers, including: ready-to-go, easy-to-use options
(2) Purchase of platform services is dominated by drop-in cars or roadside taxis, the cost of which is the immediate payment of the price, the effect of which is to save the time and energy of cumbersome procedures such as parking, repairs, after-sales care, annual checks, efficiency factors, and changes in travel choices. 1) Parking difficulties plus expensive parking spaces limit the purchase of vehicles.
The full life cycle cost of parking is hundreds of thousands of dollars, and when private cars travel, the low number of parking spaces and remote disadvantages significantly reduce the willingness to travel short distances to choose a vehicle. The data show that the number of domestic parking spaces is less than half of the vehicle holdings, and much less than the real need for parking spaces.
The rapid development and spread of smart phones as vehicles and end-of-pipe devices developed on the Internet provides more options for consumers to travel. By 2019, the country’s network had reached 350 million traffic calls, and the way it travels is increasingly accepted by consumers.
Consumer habits change: online life/work, fewer trips necessary
According to the Institute of Foresight, Internet shopping has reached 782 million people in 2020, with a usage rate of more than 79%. The outbreak has also allowed teleworking platforms such as rallies, nails, and zoom to flourish and reduce the need for travel.
The three-fold factor is a change in the definition of car attributes: ownership. With the drivers of car consumption + changes in consumer travel habits and consumer shopping habits, car properties have gradually shifted from the definition of luxury goods to the basic attributes of transportation, and the boundaries between rights of use and ownership are blurred.
Rapid expansion is the third way between direct purchases and instant taxis, which ensures real-time follow-up and reduces the cash flow pressure and maintenance costs throughout the use process. According to the Institute of Forward-looking Industries, the size of the car rental market rose rapidly in 2020, from $20 billion in 2012 to $100 billion in 2012.
The advent of the era has changed consumer preferences, consumption patterns and day-to-day modes of travel, effectively reducing the demand for people to go shopping, avoiding idleness and waste of resources, and increasing the division of social specialization. The development of social networks has made people more efficient in communicating and, to some extent, has replaced traditional social patterns and the associated traffic, and has increased it.
Work-life efficiency. Under the impact of the epidemic, working-on-line and teleworking has reduced the amount of time that a part of the non-office-dependent working population travels to and from their homes and offices, and the pace of living has been further accelerated. Increased number of options available: 1) Before change: short-distance trips (within 10 km) by bus train + bicycle + motorbike
Cars + taxis are dominated, cars + railway trips (30-100 km) are dominated by cars + railways, and long trips (more than 100 km) are dominated by high-iron + aircraft. Automobiles are concentrated mainly on longer-range trips within cities and short-distance trips between cities. 2) Post-change: new models for long-term rental of vehicles, and the proportion of platforms, shared taxis operated and shared cars operated.
The ownership of cars is no longer the threshold for restriction of use, as shown by the growing acceptance of shared trip service platforms such as uber, drop-by cars, and rental platforms such as car rentals in the State of the God, car rentals such as the Highest. The dynamics of the change show that the consumer is driven by private + bus + taxi + long-term rental + high-speed cars.
The tendency for fee-payers to buy travel services instead of cars is becoming more evident. According to the Japanese leading scholar, Nakashi Xiaoyu, in his case study: 1) Pessimism, the share of shared travel is expected to rise from 6% in 2015 to 20% in 2030, with private travel ratios.
1.4. Change II: Re-allocation of value up and down of the industrial chain. The upstream and downstream relationships in the industrial chain of automobiles have been chained over the past 110 years, with absolute control over the industrial chain, with zero items and distributors dependent on the company.
Motivated R & D and car design, production organization (parts and components support service system), whole-car manufacturing, product marketing, and post-sale service completion systems. The long-standing engineering culture in the automobile industry and the closed manufacturing chain among car firms make car product design and manufacturing irreplaceable throughout the process.
Centrally, professional designers and technicians have a very high voice in product stereotyping and management. This pattern of production creates a high information barrier between the design of automobile products and the real needs of consumers, who, to some extent, remain passive recipients of products, even though automobile companies have explored ways of producing customized products that are tailored to consumer needs.
And in the future, the upstream/downstream relationship in the automobile industry chain evolves from a chain to a grid. The central driving force is the change mentioned above: one (the share-carrying ratio rises and the share of private travel falls). The share-carrying ratio rises, which strengthens the intelligent travel platform’s future position in the overall network relationship.
In general, the core value distribution role in the future automobile industry chain web is: smart mobility platform + brand company + independent model.
A supplier, in a dependent role, is a big, unbranded factory + car owner + experience transfer centre. According to the case revolution study of Japanese leading scholars, Xiaoyu Nakaru predicted that by 2030, the core value added in the automobile industry would be in the form of spare parts/integrity/shared travel services for stand-alone modules.
The history of the global automobile industry over the past 110 years has shown that it's a time and a time.
The U.S., Japan, and Europe have become a global concentration of the automobile industry, with the emergence of a European global car company, represented by the Ford/Universal, the Toyota/Honda, and the popular/Benz/BMW. In this process, technological innovation is driven at the core, and consumer power and habits are direct drivers.
National integration is an important foundation. Multi-factor synergies can bring about a flourishing automobile industry. Figure 28: Changes in global automobile production/manufacturings.
With the invention of the first industrial revolution, automobiles emerged and became popular in upper-class societies, while car culture spread throughout Europe. Because of the multiplicity of countries and the convergence of cultures, the European automobile industry gave birth to many brands, dominated by luxury brands.
The advent of the First World War stagnated the growth of the European automobile industry, while the relatively peaceful United States took advantage of the rise to replace Europe as a global auto lord, represented by Ford Plus, with a pre-eminence + excellent technological creativity for more than 60 years.
The rapid rise of automobile-based manufacturing, and the timing of the oil crisis, has led to the replacement of large-scale solar vehicles with oil-efficient vehicles by consumers. In 1970-2008, Japanese automobile production was later elevated, replacing the United States as a global boss, with Toyota/Honda as its representative. 4) Europe (Germany) is the dominant country: the financial crisis of '08 made the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States.
The popularly-represented European car has expanded rapidly, using the Chinese market as a dumping point, and Europe has replaced Japan’s return to global dominance in the automobile industry. A pattern one: strong automobiles are strong and strong, and vice versa.
In the United States, for example: it's known as the “car wheel country” with a very strong car culture in the United States. Detroit’s boom has witnessed the growth and decline of the American automobile industry, as well as changes in American manufacturing.
In three phases: by 1928: first-time, US car complex growth rate of 1908-1928 was 24.6%; 1928-1973: growth, compound rate of 2.27%; after 1973, car growth slowed and the country’s top car market was shaken with the rise of the country’s car industry. The car industry accounted for the country’s gdp share.
From more than 8% before the 1950’s and 1960’s to 3-4%, the US manufacturing industry fell further after the financial crisis of 08, and the services industry rose, with the automobile industry declining to 1-2%. The growth and decline of the US automobile industry was largely in step with the growth of manufacturing.
But the manufacturing sector’s value-added share of gdp declined rapidly after the 1970’s, from 0.52% in 1947-1970 to 1.46% in 1971-2019. The successive rises of Toyota and the general public replaced Ford/General Global Autobot’s dominance, and so did Japan and Germany.
Pattern two: Autobonds’ competition is essentially a change in the way they are produced. From hand-made production - large-scale streaming lines (fort/United States) - sophisticated production (Toyota/Japan)
- Modularized production (public/Germany), which has been growing production efficiency for 110 years in the history of the world ' s automobiles, essentially solving the problem of how to create better products at lower cost, thus driving the whole pattern three: the growth of the masters depends on a world-led demand market.
Innovation is a demand market that depends on a large market capacity. By 2009, the United States was the largest car market in the world, with Ford/General/Toyota, and China became the largest car market after 2009, with the public at large.
The measure of the rise of auto-owned brands is: 1) the first step is to achieve the vanguard of domestic markets. 2) The second step is globalization.
The transformation of cars from cars to suv, China’s autonomous branded cars from nothing to nothing, from reverse to positive development, building up the core of technology based on the engine + transformer engine, real nationalization, and building a solid foundation for the first barrel of gold.
Rotation growth, both in cars and in suv, has gone up-down, but the downfall of suv is much smaller than in cars. This reflects, on the one hand, an increase in the power of autonomous technology – and an increase in the neutrality of consumer brands – and, on the other hand, the overall advantage of joint ventures is still greater than autonomy.
Cars Market: A barbarous, autonomous brand, which gave birth to a Jiri car. Total: In 2010, Autonomous brands experienced a “fast up-down-down” in the car market. In 2005-2010, Autonomous brands captured the country's first wave of car purchases on a fast-reaction + low-end strategy with a large number of new models.
It rose to about 3.4 million vehicles, with 35% of the city’s share of the highest ever recorded. After a rapid build-up of wealth in 2011-2016, consumers were not only demanding a step in the quality of their cars, but were keen on foreign brands, while autonomous brands were being developed with insufficient capacity and too little time for branding, and were being squeezed by the strength of joint brands.
For the underlying reasons, the rise in the economy has led to a change in consumption objectives + the “low-end” image of the brand, which is deeply popular, and its long-term backwardness. In terms of price dimensions, the autonomous and efficient market has been below $100,000, and there is no real convergence between the price belt and the joint venture brand.
At the industry level, domestic consumption levels were low by 2010, cars were used more as a base-step tool, and consumers were more interested in prices and usefulness. Automotive car brands were never available.
Eight hundred and eighty thousand vehicles were raised to 3.4 million in 2010. Gilly + Chirí + Chang An + went up and up and up again to build up production with a car market dividend of 421.191 million in 2010, representing a car-style guild eagle + Chiriqq. The 2010 domestic car market development dividend eventually nurtured two of Gil + Chirí’s low-end market winners.
Autonomous brands, the low-end market (under $50,000) has been shrinking rapidly since 2010, with the sale of Cherie cars falling from a peak of 520,000 in 2010 to 180,000, and the only autonomous brand that remains in front of the limo market is the Deloitte + Vision series.
Suv Markets: The Great Wall + Gilly has both emerged as an autonomous brand. In 2017, the Autonomous Suv Market has shown a similar trend in the Autonomous Car, but it is clear that the Autonomous Brand has increased further.
Upgraded + + “Most rapid market response,” autonomous brands rose to nearly 60% in 2011-2017, after seven years. After the initial build-up of cars, autonomous brands have gradually gained the capacity to develop a positive suv. Representing the driver’s point of view: long-term leadership, the Great Wall + Changyan, and the rise of Gilly.
In response to the loss of dividends in the Suv industry + demand cyclical downside + joint venture brands, autonomous brands have experienced a gradual decline in the area of Suv, with sales declining to around 50% in 2019 and steady growth in 2020. The Wall 's Huff h6 + Gilbertian series of new listings + Chang Ancs75 + wide-broads gs4 + auto vortex5
Main brands occupy half of the suv market, followed by the solar/German sector. 2.2.1. Reason one: strong supply chains better support the rise of autonomous cars, national power is still on the rise, and there is more room for upgrading.
The ratio of gdp to the United States rose from 6% to 66% in 1978-2019, and the per capita gdp level increased by 13.5% more than ten times since 2000. In contrast to Japan, the total of Japanese gdp increased by more than 10% in 1960-1969, and Japan became Japan in 1968.
At this rate of growth, we reasonably expect that China’s Gdp will outpace the United States in 2028, becoming the world’s largest economy, and that overall industrial development will rise to a new level.
As the world’s two largest economies, the world’s manufacturing center and the World Centre for Finance and Science and Technology, the Chinese-American trade battle will be a global and protracted battle, and the rise of the Chinese automobile industry will not be overshadowed by the trade war. Just like the rise of Toyota was the long-standing Japan-United States trade battle.
In the course of the process under way, the country’s population size and population quality are the direct factors that affect the country’s combined strength. Our population is the first in the world, and reform has been open for more than 40 years.
Developments have amply demonstrated the strong contribution of the population, the “population dividend” to gdp, which transcends Germany and Japan as the second largest economy in the world, and has seen a significant increase in the combined national capacity. After 2011, the domestic population has passed the Lewis trap, and the demographic dividend has gradually disappeared. But the number of highly qualified graduates of higher education institutions and students returning from abroad has been increasing.
On the other hand, China’s spending on research and development rose from 0.5% in 1996 to about 2% in 2018, at a distance of about 2%.
The long-term stability of the United States is close to 2.5%. As the education system in the country develops, the demographic dividend will provide a better soil for engineers’ dividends, and provide a more solid basis for an integrated national upgrading.
In the process, industries that were previously in a position of comparative advantage succeeded in moving from comparative advantage to competitive advantage; and industries that were previously in a position of relative disadvantage, fast-tracked, significantly narrowing the gap with the dominant industry. From horizontal upgrading, Chinese manufacturing has taken on a smaller share of downstream processing, which is indicative of a year-on-year decline.
1) Traditional areas of manufacturing: Fukuga glass is the first and the world's leading. Fyoglass (Toyota in the car industry) represents China's automobile supply chain in the context of “market-for-technology” over the past 20 years.
Toyota’s rise, based on indigenous pre-consumption advantages, captures American market vacancies, takes advantage of strong manufacturing power to take over the market, and achieves global rise. 2) National strategies support new energy, the Ninder era is growing rapidly, and the leader is strong.
Times represent China’s automobile supply chain, using new energy vehicle opportunities, and supported by national strategies, to grow battery core suppliers in just 10 years. According to ggii, domestic market sales continued to exceed 50% in 2020, and global market markets reached a quarter. Depending on domestic dominance and global new energy markets.
China’s vast consumer market, from pc to cell phones, has made a number of technology firms with core global competitiveness, both hardware and software. Whether based on communication starters, successful deployments have been made.
Whether the mobile phone industry is plentiful, or whether it benefits from the rise of the Internet bat, their accumulated capacity will enable the car industry to rise in the wave of electric smart cars. It is not important whether or not it is car-making.
2.2.2. Reason two: Autonomous branding ships turn up faster, and the new consumer current of electric smart cars is essentially a change in the way they are produced and an increase in social efficiency. Whatever the shape of future automobiles becomes, it requires a faster product replacement cycle, which eventually leads to lower use.
Cost provides better quality products (services). The inherent drivers of changes in new production patterns are the inherent contradictions between existing production patterns and future new demand, with three points: 1) on how to further reduce the distance between car firms and consumers, faster access to consumer demand dynamics, real-time feedback markets
(ii) How to further speed up the replacement cycle of automobile companies, reduce the impact of cyclical factors and sustain market impact; and (iii) how to further reduce the social stock cycle of car firms to be targeted and establish end-marketing and plant-based flats.
Tesla's destructive innovation has brought not only innovation in electric cars, but also intelligent innovation, as well as innovation in existing car manufacturing processes. To a certain extent, Tesla has opened up the very essence of Tesla's fourth innovation in the automobile industry: the organizational structure of the way in which the original car was produced has not adapted to the changes.
It has to be adjusted. The following core changes have occurred in relation to the electric smart car and the conventional fuel vehicle: 1) Battery replaced the engine + transformer, which significantly reduced the complexity of total power generation and reduced the difficulty of integrating hardware systems. 2) Smartness has given cars a life of continuous evolution. Through hardware and hardware decoupling, the ota has risen online.
Levels address user issues directly, rather than necessarily product recall, and vehicle-type re-transfers/replacers solve user problems, significantly shortening the product upgrading cycle. 3) Networking directly creates linkages between car firms and users and radically changes the one-dimensional indirect relationship of “car companies-distributors-users”.
In comparison with overseas car companies (public/Toyota/Futt/General), Chinese car companies are less burdened by changes in the way of production in this round, as reflected in: 1) low sunk costs: the accumulation of motors + transformers in the past was much lower than that of overseas vehicles, and the cost of sinking in domestic vehicles is much lower. 2) Low supply chain dependency: the intelligent core is the word that the car company will hold in the hands of the supplier.
In the past 50-110 years, overseas car companies have built a vast supply chain relationship, and the difficulty factor is not of a magnitude compared to the 10-20-year supply chain relationship that domestic car companies have established, and the fact that domestic car companies have gone by has always been dependent on overseas tier1.) Rapid response capacity: historically, when any production pattern has changed,
The slowest response is the last vested interest in production methods. The greatest beneficiaries of the lean production methods and modular producers over the past 50 years are the solar/German family.
2.2.3. Reason three: Autonomous brands have the best understanding of Chinese consumers of the opportunities of the two consumer waves of cars/suv over the past 20 years, and the response of autonomous brands has been significantly faster than joint brands, which gained much in the car/suv market in 2005-2007 and 2010-2013, respectively.
To enjoy the high growth of the first half of the industry dividend. The same trend occurs in this wave of electric smart cars. New energy, source and intelligence dimensions: New energy dimensions: both the number and sales of new models, autonomous brands have performed well over the past three years.
Point. Based on the new car-type scheme launched by the exclusive New Energy Motors platform, the ownership brand as a whole is still ahead of the joint venture year, with the popular meb in the traditional foreign brands launched in 2020, and the Japanese/former American family as a whole is projected to be 2022, according to the company itself.
On 24th, 11 ministries, such as the National Development and Reform Commission, the Ministry of Industry and Communications, and the Ministry of Science and Technology, jointly launched the Smart Car Innovation Development Strategy, which marked the launch of the SmartWeb vehicle as an important vehicle for a number of priority areas linked to innovation and the construction of a new transport system, which has risen to the level of a national strategy.
In recent years, with technological advances and cost discovery, the penetration of adas with good user experience, such as full automatic parking, acc, ldws, etc., has increased rapidly. 2.3. This cycle of autonomous rise will give birth to China’s Toyota.
In a 10-year cycle, looking back at Toyota’s growth, 1) 10 to 1 million stages were achieved in 1960-1969, and 10 years after Japan’s post-war economy took off, rising purchasing power in Japan led to widespread car consumption. At this point, Toyota’s car sales came from Japan’s home market, replacing Japan.
Production was the highest in the Japanese city (stable at 25-30%). 2) In 1970-1980, production reached a phase of between 1 million and 3 million, with a core increase coming from direct exports to the United States. Japan’s home market entered a period of low growth in the last 10 years, with a moderate increase in domestic sales in Toyota, with a modest increase in domestic sales of 100 –
One and a half million. Three global events, “The first implementation of emissions regulations in 1972 + the first oil crisis in 1973 + the second oil crisis in 1978”, presented a historic opportunity for “low-cost + low-oil consumption + high-quality” Toyota cars, with cumulative export sales of 10 million + over the decade, with overseas sales at about 50 per cent at a time, the largest export market being the United States.
3) From 1980 to 1990, 3 to 4 million vehicles were produced, thanks to a home-grown recovery + export to the United States market. The decade saw a slowdown in the expansion of Toyota, with export volumes controlled as a result of the Japan-United States trade war, and direct US manufacturing still in progress. But Japan’s domestic market experienced a second wave of high growth under the bubble economy in 1988-1990, with domestic sales in Toyota.
With the collapse of the bubble economy, domestic demand continued to fall sharply, but the bright spot is that overseas markets are on the right track for US production and sales, and solar cars are increasing their market share at high prices. Overseas production was the first to reach 1 million in 1994.
Three million vehicles were achieved in 1999. Markets. This decade, despite the economic crisis of 2008, the US market, Toyota, won an overwhelming victory, gaining universal dominance over global automobiles.
6. The first half of the decade saw an attempt to slow down the pace of the economic crisis in 2008 and to adjust the damage caused by China’s market expansion beyond 2014, but global dominance is threatened by the fact that China’s market has not expanded as much as the general public.
Fig. 56: The historical changes in Toyota production (including Toyota brands and Lexus brands only) take stock of Toyota’s success stories, and are also a natural advantage. The day is that two oil crises give a historic opportunity to cross with the Japanese car.
People and: Japan’s rising power – and a strong car supply chain – are most important in establishing the most productive ways of producing Toyota, representing the highest efficiency and quality of global automobile manufacturing. And, for China’s current auto-ownership brand, electric smart cars are undoubtedly a historic opportunity to bend over.
With this round of opportunity, we believe that there are two types of opportunities for car companies: 1) Autonomous firms with a certain scale of production and sales have moved up to a higher level to achieve a growth path similar to Toyota, with the Wall car being the core player. 2) A few new cars have emerged, similar to the path developed by the oil crisis in Honda, Japan, where the new power is the core player.
For both Toyota and Honda, China, growth is a long-term process, and the process is normal. 3. Profit forecasting and investment ratings, based on the following core assumptions, forecast the profits of the Great Wall ' s cars for 2021-2023.
In the case of the Great Wall’s future brands, we believe that the Wall should enjoy a higher valuation and maintain a “buy-in” rating. The renminbi, which uses the current median exchange rate, HK$1=$0.83, has made less progress than expected in controlling the epidemic.
The recovery in demand in the vehicle sector has been lower than expected. A recovery in demand in the vehicle sector is an important industry factor for improved corporate performance and, if it is lower than expected, will make sales of corporate brands more difficult and have an impact on profitability.
The development of new energy vehicles has fallen short of expectations. If the development of new energy automobile technology and market demand have fallen short of expectations, it will affect the overall process of electricization in the industry, with a significant impact on the Great Wall’s sales volume and its own profits.