Shinji Mountain Signal, net interest rate 2021h1 has risen significantly, and cabinet revenue has grown at a high rate of innovation, August 26, 2021.
\triangleright 2021q2, company revenue and net return profits increased by 39 per cent and 30 per cent respectively, significantly exceeding \triangleright
Reduction of efficiency gains, resulting in a significant decrease in cost rates during the period and a significant increase in net interest rates.
During the reporting period, the company ' s Māori rate was 32.30%, and the company actively promoted the strategy of moving forward to achieve a high rate of revenue growth in cabinets, a sharp increase in revenue from closet operations, and a new step in closet performance. For product categories, the first half of 2021
During the year, the company’s cabinet business generated revenue of $3.205 billion, an increase of 46.54 per cent. The performance of non-seller products has been increasing, with $3.1006 billion in closets, an increase of 66.21 per cent; $411 million in total baths, an increase of 62.0 per cent; and $457 million in wooden gates.
This represents an increase of 94.71%. The company, by virtue of its position as a leader in the two core categories of the entire cabinet, house-wide customization (the closet), fully exploits its core advantages in marketing, manufacturing, channeling, etc., and customizes it throughout the house in Europa (603833.sh):
On the other hand, the gradual transformation of channels and agents, customizing the core + accessories + doors, and the rapid growth in the first half of 2021, the integrated marketing model of the wall system opened up new avenues for industry sales and achieved a rapid increase in closet performance.
In the case of cabinets, the company activates retail distributors to work with local dressers to further advance the “cook-cooked” model, digs out old kitchens and pulls up the retailing performance of cabinets.
All-channel layout, all-area expansion, and continued to increase contributions from such channels as dressing, engineering, direct shop, etc. \triangleright, ITC Section A, 69 West Street, Taigleright Township
In the first half of 2021, the company, China, 28 West and West Avenue, Beijing, built up and built up the fast-growing lanes, the mature fabrics continued to grow, and the local costumes continued to grow.
The intercentre, on the 7th floor, has become more secure, and the mature use of corporate information tools has led to customized products.
In terms of engineering channels, the company further refined the headquarters+services model, improved product accuracy through the introduction of compliance information systems, and reduced delivery cycles using the BPP site model, while enhancing the overall excellence of service provider performance training.
\triangleright, 32.88, 27.83, 23.26 times more.
In some ways, the company's closets, guard baths, wooden doors, and other product lines, as well as subs.
The opening of channels for the development of channels and the continued expansion of the future non-repository product line leaves room for high growth. Overall, the net interest rate level of companies has risen year by year and has risen to almost 10 years, taking into account the release of economies of scale, improvements in efficiency as a result of information-based construction, and reductions in costs for companies in 2021.
There is still room for higher-than-expected profitability, and therefore “buy-in” ratings are maintained. Macroeconomic growth is below expectations; property regulation policy risks; market diffusion is below expectations; raw material price volatility risks; distributors manage risks; large-scale business return risks, etc.
This report is presented independently and objectively. I have clearly and accurately reflected my research views. I have not received, nor will I receive, any form of compensation directly or indirectly for the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report.