q2 income continues to grow at a high rate of profit with reduced efficiency 603833.sh  q2 income continues to grow at a high rate of profit with reduced efficiency, maintaining a “buy-in” rating
Of this, 2,021q2 earned $4.9 billion, an increase of 38.6% over the same period, and the net return considered that corporate q2 income continued to grow at a high rate, with a sharp profit margin for lower efficiency gains. Given the fact that developments such as company packaging channels, appurtenance operations, etc., have outpaced our expectations, the forecast for higher corporate profitability is projected to be net in 2021-2023.
In 2021, the company combed and innovated on the sale patterns of the closets. In the case of the closets, deep-seated channels were introduced, and the agents were gradually transformed to create an integrated marketing model for custom core + accessories + door wall systems.
As of early August 2021, there were 593 integrated kitchen shops all over the country, and 529 doors were gradually completed. The “48-hour old kitchens” and “10-day kitchens were empty.
The standoff service model also allows the retailing of distilled cabinets to open up a new flow point for stock houses. On top of the upholstery, we're moving into the fast-track, and we're going well, and the company's information software matures to drive rapid growth in multi-products. At the same time, companies are actively promoting the build-up outside of the build-up pattern.
Activate retail distributors of closets to work with local apparel firms to further exploit the potential of domestic loading channels. The profit margins are bright, differentiated or will gradually become the dominant melody in the custom-based household industry, 2021q2, with companies withholding net interest rates of 15.0%, a decrease of 1.0 pct in comparison with the price of raw materials.
In the face of this rise, the company relies on internal cost reduction, the overall cost rate continues to decline, and the profit rate continues to be maintained - building bases, national chemical energy distribution, and further - at a higher level. As the industry is no longer growing in rough terms, and the flow entrance is diversified, we think it's fragmented.
Europe is leading the industry in many ways, such as channel layout, product expansion, management of the Corporate Information Update Report - roll-out of stock options. So, in the context of industry differentiation, firms’ competitive advantages may be further accentuated.
Incentives, people heading a long way - Corporate Information Update - q1 Profit Supermarket Expected, Downward Efficiency Exploitation