The Europeans report semi-annual reviews of consumer durables and apparel: half-yearly pre-reporting indicators are bright, and the medium- and long-terma are even more visible, with single-q2 revenues growing by 38.61 to 4.9 billion yuan, and net profit returns increasing by the same year.
Overall, the company continued its high growth of q1 in q2, with a breakdown by category, with a 25.9 per cent to 1.945 billion increase in the year-on-year growth of the company q2 in cabinets of the highest/minimum 12 months.
Europa Home (603833) 6 of the Euro1 fast-contribution cabinet business q2 q2 is a 7% contribution.
We estimate a 17.7 per cent increase in q2 cabinets for 20 q2 operations, a 1 per cent elasticity from 2c operations alone, and a 16 per cent increase from co-operators, in which the valet and cabinet companies focused on three core strategies in the first half of the 21st year:
21q2preview: q2 is expected to continue with high growth, + strategy, revenue from complementary products such as cooking power continues to rise and retail passenger singles continue to grow, and we expect a 5 per cent increase in net retail (excluding plastics) passenger manifests in cabinets; 2 companies go one.
Europa Homes (603833) "Eurasia Review: A Step to Activate Retail Dealers to Work with Local Merchants." We expect stock options to show the medium- and long-term over the course of 21 years.
See, the volume of sales generated by the cleaning is expected to rise to more than 15%;3 the “cooking-out” model is advanced in depth, old kitchens are dug up, and the retail performance of the closets is steadily increasing. 2102 is an increase of 27.6% over the same period in the closet business, with the bulk of the closets in split channels.
By doing 4 pct, the garment business of the whole house has grown by more than 250%, and 13.3 pct, while the closet business 20 has contributed about 10.3 pct. Looking at the closet business alone, we expect the company q2 to grow by about 12% over the same period, including soft-body apparel, 20 of the same size.
We believe that the whole of the first half of the year was structured around the following core strategies: 1 plus purchase and full-house space suites, which continue to be powerful, and the depth of mousse's bindings, which allow his closets to be house-wide, space suites that are highly priced and have a high degree of recognition; 2 custom cores plus accessories plus doors
The integrated marketing model of the wall system has opened up a new path for industry sales, with a year-round increase of more than 10 per cent in passenger single value; on the third track, the accelerated expansion of bags and fittings, and the company ' s continued occupation of the front channels over the past few years, the effectiveness of which has gradually begun to emerge.
The whole business is going well, Europe and Star House are going well, and q2 is expected to grow by about 11 pcts, and the whole year looks like it's going to double, and the main feeder is going to make a breakthrough, and it's going to make a bigger contribution in the second half of the year.
On the domestic side, the company is growing at a high rate under the pull of the closet and the dressing business, and we expect at least double-digit growth throughout the year. We have now opened more than 200 brands, and the Europeans are all two-wing-driven and uniquely flat.
Six months after the Europeans reported that the semi-annual pre-reporting indicators are bright, and the medium- and long-term alpha model is expected to lead to a more than 50% compound growth in European cleaning operations over the next two years. The Māori rate is influenced by higher prices for raw materials and increased competition for large businesses.
The Māori rate decreased by 3.6 pct over the same period, and the Māori rate increased in the second half of the year in comparison with the Eurasia price increase The cash flow and forward-looking indicators for companies increased by 46.5 per cent over the same period, the net operating cash flow increased by 55.5 per cent over the same period, and advance receipts increased separately over the same year/ring year
85.9 per cent-68 per cent, far above the industry average, demonstrates certainty in the growth of q3 performance, with the Division leading the industry in terms of diversification channels, expansions, and supply chain integration, taking into account that companies may become the vanguards of the future of the 4 trillion Pan-House Sector, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
• Profit projections and financial indicators: semi-annual European reports: half-yearly pre-reporting indicators are bright and medium- and long-term alpha
Half-yearly Eurasia reports: half-yearly report's vision indicators are bright, and the medium- and long-term alpha is becoming more visible.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.