Europa Homes (603833): Channels are double-drived.
Tailored whole families, such as closets, holistic baths and custom wooden doors, have a significant advantage, and the various channels are developing at a high rate of health.
In terms of revenue distribution, 1) retail business h1 earns $6,421 million, i.e. +72.50%, compared to installation services.
This includes house-wide customization, closets, baths, wooden doors, walls, +30.48%. Retailing and bulk business is growing faster, while companies maintain excellent cash flows with the advantage of the industry chain position and agent model, with net profit cash content in the first half of the year.
The company has the largest number of outlets and a strong distribution team in the industry, and has a strong advantage in traditional retail operations, while the company has taken control of the industry and has made a major effort to develop the fashion model and the bulk of the business.
Entering the development fast track, as of 9 July, companies performed $1 billion, or +160%, of the bill; and at the same time, large corporations maintained a rapid and high-payback capacity, demonstrating a strong trend judgement and strategic implementation capability. The company’s vanguard advantage brings excellent performance from all channels, and we believe that the company is productive.
The high rate of circulation b/h (millions) and the high cost-control and marketing capacity sustains the pre-eminence of channel change and achieves rapid and healthy development that is always better than industry.
In the case of cabinets, the company has been working hard through the assembly channels, pushing forward the all-chef custom model, keeping the cabinets robust and growing, and the industry strong at first. The closets have been developed through house-wide customization, and continue to increase, along with the rest of the world.
In addition, the company has continued to promote the rapid growth of the toilet baths and wooden gate operations through the development of the plastics and bulk channels. The company has built on the basic plates of the cabinets, closets, etc.
The growth rate of the company's 2021h1 Māori ratio is 32.35%, compared to the 1:14pc. due mainly to changes in product structure and increases in the price of raw materials.
In the context of a significant increase in prices, the company achieved a small decline in the Māori rate based on its position in the industrial chain, and played a role in s148012100014
+2.50 pct. We believe that the company has a greater ability to control its costs and has a significant advantage in terms of size, future profitability Profit forecasting and investment rating: we see that the company can build on the advantages of traditional distribution channels and maintain a pre-emptive advantage in new channels such as bulk, dress and so forth in the process of changing its custom furniture industry;
The niche cabinets are based on a continuous drive for high-speed growth and widening of the boundaries of other goods. The channels of innovation and product expansion are mutually reinforcing, driving companies to grow and move towards a “one-size-fits-all” world.
Europa Homes (603833): Channels are two-way, and the lead is strong, and the source of financial prosperity and prosperity in the East is Liu Tanda.
Changja Jay, research assistant profile, Shen Chong Lwin.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
The East Hing Securities Corporation reports that Europe's home (603833) is a two-way channel, with a strong edge, and does not guarantee that the information and advice contained will not change. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points of view and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.