The company released its semi-annual performance report for 2021: during the reporting period, the company achieved total operating income.
\triangleright 2021q2 registered a high rate of growth in net profits, significantly exceeding the same period in 2019. In the first half of 2021, the backlog of household consumption demand continued to be released, and company operating income was higher.
Growth, with the effect of scale, coupled with a rigorous drive for internal cost reduction, has led to a decline in overall cost use and a relatively significant increase in associated profit indicators. Of this, in the single quarter of 2021, corporate operating income and net return profits increased by 48.17% and 41.96%, respectively, compared to 2019q2 and 2021q1, respectively.
In the first half of 2021, the company actively pursued its strategy of achieving a rapid growth in non-repository sales, a steady increase in retail sales performance, and an accelerated multi-dimensional layout for brands.
Based on the primacy of the two core categories of whole cabinets, house-wide customization (rears), the core advantages of marketing, manufacturing, channeling are fully realized. In the area of house-wide customization (rears), there is a gradual transformation of the company ' s channels of operation and agents, and the combination of custom core + accessories + door wall systems.
The model opens up new avenues for industry sales, achieving rapid growth in closet performance, and makes a significant contribution. In the case of cabinets, the company activates retail distributors to work in business with local garment companies, furthers the “all cook custom” model, digs out old kitchen changes, and pulls up the retailing performance of cabinets.
In 2020, the company’s cabinet business achieved revenues of $6.061 billion, or -2.13 per cent of the year. The performance of non-seller-type products continued to improve, with the closets performing on new steps, of which $577 million, or +11.71 per cent, was earned; the overall bath generated revenues of $739 million, or +18.48 per cent;
In the first half of 2021, the company built everyone up.
\triangleright 2020's "New Peaks" war was well under way, net interest rates were gradually entering the development fast track, mature spots continued to grow, and the status of the local family as a leader was growing.
The creation of 2021-4-23, a decade of new heights, is also becoming stronger, with the mature use of corporate information tools, leading to rapid growth in the performance of customized products, accessories, and fittings. Engineering channels optimize cost structures in a timely manner, focusing on high-quality real estate.
Companies, to further increase their share of 100 percent of property. First, they have achieved great results in strategic customer outreach and management; secondly, they have developed new business based on a strategy of locking in cabinets, multi-purpose strategic expansion, full-scale flowering, which has contributed significantly to the rapid development of the operations of large-scale engineering clients; and thirdly, they have expanded compliance services.
At the same time, China's 28th floor of ITC, 69th West Street, Taiwon City, was able to increase control over service providers' performance and import technology from the front stage.
Maximize the advantages of the service and create a new height of the engineering service; fourth, the 7th floor of the inter-centre in which the project is computerized, speeds up the conversion of engineering orders and achieves qualitative leaps in the quantity and speed of product delivery.
The U.S.S.S.C. \triangleright, p. 33,62, 25.38, 20.81 times.
In some ways, the company's closets, guard baths, wooden doors, and other product lines, as well as subs.
The opening of channels for the development of channels and the continued expansion of the future non-repository product line leaves room for high growth. Overall, the net interest rate level of companies has risen year by year and has risen to almost 10 years, taking into account the release of economies of scale, improvements in efficiency as a result of information-based construction, and reductions in costs for companies in 2021.
There is still room for higher-than-expected profitability, and therefore “buy-in” ratings are maintained. Macroeconomic growth is below expectations; property regulation policy risks; market diffusion is below expectations; raw material price volatility risks; distributors manage risks; large-scale business return risks, etc.
Table: Earnings by Company Type of Products in 2020 Table: Profiting by Company brand in 2020 Table: Profiting by Company Channels in 2020
This report is presented independently and objectively. I have clearly and accurately reflected my research views. I have not received, nor will I receive, any form of compensation directly or indirectly for the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report.