Mid 2021: Re-upgrading, Third Growth Road
The company achieved business income of $8.2 billion, compared to $4.9 billion, compared to +38.61 per cent, and net profit for mothers of $769 million, compared to +30.15 per cent.
The revenue from door products was $32, 31.1, 4.1, 460 million, with a continuous high growth in the same categories of goods +46.54 per cent, +66.21 per cent, closets, baths, wooden doors, etc., the transformation of company channels and agents, and an increase in the number of customized cores + accessories + the integrated sales model of the door wall system, which drives a high number of cooks.
As a more mature class of goods, the growth has remained robust, largely as a result of the in-depth advancement of the “cook-made” model, which boosts the income of the cabinets by digging for old and changing needs in the kitchens. The ability to negotiate with the raw materials rises has stabilized, and the advantage of bargaining power has been highlighted.
The Māori ratio for distribution channels is the same ratio - 0.07 pp to 72.13%, and the Māori ratio for bulk channels is the same ratio - 3.6 pp to equivalencies that are not flexible enough for retail ends, so that the Māori rate for bulk distribution channels is more clearly undermined by the rapid rise in raw materials.
The net interest rates for sales of 2021h1 and 2021q2, respectively, have been released through good period cost control and increasing scale effects, and the net interest rates for sales of companies have continued to grow into the next stage, with the third growth path becoming clearer.
The company has 552 dealers and 651 dealers. The whole setup is running, and the 2021h1 is growing faster. With the outfit, everyone's performance is being evaluated quickly: it's perfect.
In April of 2021, the market expected that, under cost pressure, the company would be able to make a profit by introducing a brand-new brand called the Star House, which would work with the existing Europeans.
In addition, in July 2021, the company launched the “Eurasian Excellent Materials” project, which builds the f2s2b supply chain platform, linking the company to the supplier of the main appliance; in August 2021, the company launched the high-end integrated material brand “Operati” to provide one-stop service for the main appliance.
The material and O'Plaude have further complemented the current pattern of housekeeping, which is now available on a daily basis, with profit projections and investment ratings: we maintain the previous profit projections, we expect to return to the country from 2021 to 2023, the industry has a strong leader, traditional distribution channels have a clear edge, and large channels have been growing faster.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Toshio Securities Co. Ltd. already has an investment advisory committee on securities.