Consumer Upgradation and Entertainment Research Centre 02 Continues to grow faster with year-round profit forecast upwards at +65.1% year-on-year (compared with 19 years +48.8% year) and mother-to-child net profit at $1.01 billion, year-on-year
+42.2 per cent/+30.1 per cent over the same period of the year, corporate q2 overall continued its good growth, with strong core strengths and strategic results: second quarter companies continued to grow faster, proving once again that they had strong advantages, despite the decline in demand for release of the backlog of household consumption in the previous quarter.
From the point of view of the product category, we expect that closet operations will continue to be an important driver of corporate growth as they are combined with complementary + door wall systems, while cabinet operations will gradually strengthen distributors and appliance firms. 1. q1 achieves high-quality growth, with full advantage.
In terms of channels, the most significant contribution is expected from the knitting channels.
The convergence of multi-grade products and the consolidation of local co-operatives has increased steadily, and the pipeline is expected to double in the first half of the year and to move into a fast-track development phase.
The new business layout was launched with the prospect of a second growth curve and strategic upland: July 21st, Company 3.
To achieve a higher target of 5 billion gmv. The company will be able to equip itself with “full, low-cost, differentiated” resources, and will be better able to enhance its access to materials based on a strong Toyo-based channel capacity.
Infiltration, we believe that for the Europeans, who are very good at dealing with the distribution of profits between the links, the skeptical-European Quarterly Review, 2020.10.29 is very likely to break its second-growth curve, opening up to the successful start of the Joosian Quest.
Euros and apparel companies are further tied, thus allowing the flow of former home-based business to be more extensive and advanced, and 5. The full channel q2 is back to growth, and it is expected that the next half of the year will actually occupy the strategic highlands of the industry, after which more liquidity patterns will be expected.
▪ The full-scale advantage continues to drive up the share, and the stock options incentive scheme shows corporate confidence: we believe that, based on the pre-real estate completion gap, there is no need to worry about the level of property completion in the short and medium term, and that the company relies on brand+channels + information-based construction with a full-scale advantage that accelerates the concentration of its share, with its own alpha properties strong
In addition, companies have recently completed stock options for core employees; new business expansion has been poor; the competition for cleaning channels has increased; and the completion of the process has been less than expected.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment