It's good to see the company's strategic future.
The semi-annual review of Europa (603833) in 2021 showed that Chen Berquu's performance had increased, with higher costs and a slight decline in the rate of Maori from the concessionary channels.
During the first half of the year, the company achieved $8.2 billion, an increase of 65.14 per cent over the same period, of which 21q2 was achieved because: 1) during the same period last year, the company was affected by the epidemic, its revenues were reduced, and its base was relatively low; 2) During the reporting period, there was a significant increase in the combined performance of the various categories of operations.
In the first half of the year, the combined Māori rate for companies was 32.3 per cent, a decline of 1.13 percentage points from the same year, and the company ' s rise led to higher production costs; 2) the company offered to make concessions to quickly move the market forward and effectively control net interest rates. In terms of cost rates, the company experienced significant improvements during the reporting period.
Because of the rapid growth in corporate revenue, the scale effect continues to be significant. In the first half of the net interest rate, the net interest rate on sales was 15.68 per cent, a decrease of 1.03 percentage points over the same period, an increase of 8.3 centimeters over the same period.
During the reporting period, the company owned 552 all-embracing dealers and 651 all-house shops. At the same time, the company's main channels were well developed, constantly optimizing the accuracy of products, delivery weeks and service costs, and working with a number of top 100 real estate providers.
The number of branded kol all-web fans created by companies has passed by 5 million. Investment proposals: companies push ahead with corporate strategies, products, brands, and channel advantages.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.