The company plans to invest $5 billion to build the Chinese intelligence base and maintain a “buy-in” rating.
On July 8, 2021, the company announced its intention to invest in the construction of the “Eurasian Group China’s Smart Building Land” in the Tsaitian district of Wuhan, with a total investment of RMB 5 billion (of which RMB 3.8 billion was invested in fixed assets) to finance the company’s own financing. The project was fully completed after delivery, with an estimated annual sales revenue of RMB 3.6 billion.
We continue to appreciate that the company’s strategy is moving forward, and that the city’s share continues to rise. Maintaining the profit base will strengthen the company’s national profile, and that it will strengthen its leadership.
In the future, the company will have five major production bases in the east (the tin-free base), the south (the long distance, the Guangzhou base), the west (the Chengdu base), the north (the Tianjin base) and the centre (the Wuhan base) to complete the strategic layout of the south-east and north-west of the production base. The national chemical energy layout is at the heart of custom-made home businesses embodying the dominant advantage.
One of the elements is that only a small number of leaders, such as Euro-based households, have a national chemical energy layout. Having a national chemical-energy brand can effectively reduce transport costs and product losses and improve product delivery efficiency, thereby increasing the price competitiveness and customer satisfaction of products while meeting the demand for orders in key regions of the country in due course.
• Short-term volatility does not prevent the company from moving ahead with its strategy and the continued increase in the rate of city occupancy. In the near future, short-term fluctuations in corporate stock prices have been due to foreclosures and market concerns about the high performance base of 2021h2. We believe that the high performance base for the second half of the customized household sector is an objective fact, but more attention should be paid to it.
Industry’s concentration has accelerated since 2018. Industry’s entry points have been concentrated in the bottom of the line, and shops have been fissioning through engineering, online, and dressing.
The combination of the ability to customize home brands and the keenness of strategic decision-making has created greater demands, and has also given the Euros the incentive plan to keep people at the top of the ladder -- the advantage of a business like home has been expanded. We think it's sorted, company closets and accessories.
It is expected to continue to be visible through such channels as dressing, and the wooden gates are expected to accelerate their growth through engineering channels and walls, such as the Corporate Information Update - q1 Profit Supermarket, and new products, while the Europa cabinets are also active in opening up the packagings and are expected to maintain a positive growth trend.
Subtract efficiency gains are expected to be significant.