European Homes (603833) light manufacturing Retail outlets are active and profitable to the southwest securities research and development centre.
Summary of performance: Companies published semi-annual reports in 2021, with 2021h1 generating $8.2 billion (+65.1 per cent), or 48.8 per cent more than 19h1; net profit on maternity was $1.01 billion (+107 per cent), or 59.9 per cent more than 19h1; net profit on non-mortality was $950 million (+113.6 per cent), or 58.8 per cent more than 19h1.
q2 achieved a profit of $4.9 billion (+38.6 per cent); a net return to the mother of $770 million (+30.1 per cent); and a non-net profit of $740 million (+29.8 per cent). Profitability continued to improve, and industry's dominance was evident.
Material prices have risen, and the overall Māori rate has been slightly affected in the short term.
With regard to cash flows, the net cash flow for the operations of the company 2021h1 was $1.89 billion, an increase of 235.4 per cent over the same period, and the retail and bulk operations went hand-in-hand, with good cash returns. The two core categories of goods in the cabinets were well established, and the supply system for the whole group was improving.
Stable, largely dependent on the company's ability to develop and stimulate traditional channels. In the case of cabinets, zero sales agents work together with local vendors, leading to a steady increase in retail sales performance; in the case of closets, the number of ultra-expanding channels, 167 in the first half of the year, and the promotion of channel operations and agents.
The gradual transformation has opened up new lines of industry sales through the integration marketing model of customised core + package + door wall systems, and the closets have continued to grow faster in larger sizes. The wooden door/basket operation has generated $460 million / $410 million, an increase of 94.7 per cent and 62.1 per cent, compared to the same period.
Overall, public 1. European households (603833): a faster increase in the number of items has been achieved. The Division already has the efficient operational capability of multi-sku multi-species, through a mechanism design and marketing strategy.
The integration of the category of retail outlets (2021-04-30) provides a solid product base for the diversification of the follow-up channels.
Large-scale channels continue to grow fast (2021-04-23), and the channels continue to grow. The company deepens its overall development strategy, creating a full-scale layout of the channels, which are retail and integrated, with engineering and electricity providers on both sides of the spectrum, with direct/distribution/substantial divisions in the first half of the year.
3. Europa Homes (603833): Rapid post-epidemic recovery 4. Eurohouses (603833): Multi-synchronous + All-Channel Dowstures Highlighting Competitiveness (2020-10-31)
Continued cooperation between the preferred real estate agents under strict risk control, increasing speed; retail channels such as direct and distribution; Europoles (603833): multi-purpose, high revenue, mainly due to the gradual improvement of the company's front-end product system and marketing strategy, and the preparation of the costumes.
At the end of the 21H1, the company had 552 dealers, and at the end of the year, the company had been able to build up and sell.
The opening of 651 full-fledged shops, which continue to be sold, and the shortening of the lead time for new shops, which has led to a rapid increase in sales of goods such as manufactured products, accessories and fittings; in retail preparation, companies have been working together through mechanisms and other schemes to promote business cooperation between retail distributors and local garment and dressing channels companies.
In addition, companies are expected to accelerate the deployment of one-stop customized supply platforms and supply chain systems. • Information systems – a forward-looking layout of production capacity that supports medium- and long-term expansion.
In July 2021, the company planned to invest in the construction of “European Group China” in Wuhan City.
Medium-Ingenuity Base, which marks the completion of the “central-north-east-north-west” national, full-product production base, will be better equipped to meet full-product-type orders requirements in future major regional distribution markets across the country, reduce long-distance logistics transport costs and product losses, and increase the price competitiveness and customer abundance of corporate products
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.