The retail advantage of the Center for Consumer Upgradation and Recreation Studies is becoming more apparent, with the platform strategy Xu +60.0% spread in 19 years.
+30.1% to $770 million. In addition, the company ' s cash flow remained excellent, with a net cash flow of $1.89 billion in 21 years, compared to the same period in 19/20, when it was +86.4%/+235.4%, respectively, and the q2 cabinets showed a sharper performance: by channel, the company ' s q2 distribution/substantial revenue
The distribution channels continued to grow faster with the same ratio +39.3 per cent/+30.5 per cent, and as the build-up continued (651 at the end of June), the build-up gradually became a central driver of retail growth.
2. q1 High-quality growth, full-scale advantage-setting - a quarterly review of Europa, a net increase of 167 closet doors) combined sales continued to grow at a faster pace.
The Māori rate has been suppressed in the short term and the cost rate has been optimized: the company ' s H1 Māori ratio is equal to -1.1 pct to 32.3 per cent (not adjusted for transportation costs because 20h1 transport costs are only 10.43 million). The company ' s Māori rate 3.
Short-term pressure on producers due to higher costs of raw materials makes it more difficult to transfer large channel costs to their H1 Mäori ratio 4.
The underlying advantages are becoming more apparent, and the new business layout is expected to drive companies to take up strategic high ground in the industry: corporate caxa software is now fully online and will effectively improve the manufacturing and management efficiency of the Europeans, so that the full range of advantages that companies construct from marketing to manufacturing will become more apparent and the alpha attributes are more pronounced.
The higher target of 100 million gmv, with no short-term profit requirement for the business, and a larger number of concessionary players, will hopefully drive the platform ' s rapid start-up and further bind the Euros to the apparel, thus allowing for a wider and more forward flow of home-based business, and more liquidity patterns are expected thereafter.
It is hoped that the strategic highlands of the future development of the industry will be truly brought to the attention of the company, opening up further scope for valuation. New business expansion is not working well; there is increased competition in dress-up channels; and completion is not as fast as expected.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment