It's light work, it's Europa (603833.sh) and it's a beautiful performance.
As the backlog of household consumption demand in the previous period continued to be released, the double-scaling of closets continued, with companies earning $8,200 million in business income in the first half of the year and $4,901 million in business income, an increase of 38.61 per cent.
769 million yuan, an increase of 30.15 per cent over the same period, and overall performance in line with expectations.In the category of cabinets, companies activate retail distributors to work with local companies to further advance the whole kitchen custom model and dig the old kitchen.
In the first half of the year, the company was able to record $3.205 billion in business income, an increase of 46.54%. In the case of closets, the company was gradually transforming its operations and agents in the last six months, customizing cores plus accessories.
The integrated marketing model of the door wall system opens up new avenues for industry sales and has led to a rapid increase in closet performance. The first half of the year, the sales of the closet business generated $3.106 billion, an increase of 66.21% over the same year, which boosts the company’s sales performance.
In terms of channels, as the built-up people move into fast lanes, the mature fabrics continue to grow, and the status of their local headlines grows stronger, with the mature use of corporate information tools that drive custom-made products, accessories, and fittings.
By July 9, 2021, the Europeans had managed to build up their home billings by over $1 billion, increasing their performance by over 160%.
In addition, corporate engineering channels further deepen the business model of headquarters + uniforms rainvxy (microsign), focus on high-quality real estate companies, and further increase the seizure of 100 percent of property.
Zhou Xiaolong (micro sign) is a billion yuan growth of 52.11 per cent over the same year, achieving a high rate of performance growth.
In the first half of the year, the gross profit of the company as a whole was 32.30%, down by 1.13 percentage points from the same year, with a slight decline in the gross profit margin. Due to good corporate cost management, the net profit of the company did not fall backwards, and the net profit rate was from 2020.
Billion dollars, an increase of 65.14% in the same year. Motherhood net profit is $10.12, an increase of 106.98% in the same year.
Gross operating income is $8.200 billion, an increase of 65.14 per cent. The net return to the mother is $10.12, an increase of 106.98 per cent. The middle company q2 achieved operating income of $4.901 billion, an increase of 38.61 per cent. The net return to the mother is $769 million, an increase of the same amount.
Customized model, digging out old kitchens, pulling cabinet retail performance has grown steadily. In the first half of the year, the company recorded $3.205 billion in container service, an increase of 46.54 per cent. In terms of the number of cabinet doors, the company increased its optimization of cabinet dealers in the year 2020, as the number of cabinet doors expanded in reverse position. In mid-2021, the number of cabinet doors dropped to 46.54 per cent.
There were 2,396 cases, down by 11 at the end of 2020, and there was a decline in the number of doors: the closet business: in the first half of the year, the company deepened its operations with the gradual transformation of agents, and the integrated marketing model of the custom core + package + door wall system opened up new routes for industry sales and achieved a rapid increase in closet performance.
The closet business generated income of $3.106 billion, an increase of 66.21 per cent over the same period, which greatly boosted the company’s sales performance. The number of doors maintained a steady growth rate. By mid-2021, the number of European closets had increased to 2,291, an increase of 7.86 per cent from the end of 2020.
In addition to the cabinets and closets, the company ' s relatively small baths and wooden doors operations also registered high growth. In the first half of 2021, they recorded operating revenues of $411 million and $457 million, respectively, and the number of doors remained stable at the same time as the +2 and 5 houses respectively.
ii. Deepening of the channels. We're all going to grow. We're going to grow. We're going to build up.
By mid-2021, the company had a total of 552 salesmen, 651 shops, 52.8 per cent more doors than at the end of 2020, and the distribution of channels continued to deepen. As of July 9, 2021, the Europeans had made a cumulative breakthrough of $1 billion on the bill of lading, increasing by more than 160 per cent.
In addition, the company continues to innovate, deepen its strategy, and launched the Starhomes House brand in April. The Starhomes family integrates full-link resources, connects people, goods, and services at the end of a “one kilometre” by means of a fully computerized digital system, resulting in more passenger traffic, higher unit prices, higher conversion rates, and human, cargo, and services.
Short-range, high-impact eco-closing, thus bridging the industry’s chain of nuggets, and building a perfect closed ecology for full-scale service delivery. Major engineering channels: company engineering channels further deepen the model of the 10 service providers at headquarters, improve product accuracy through the installation of compliance information systems, reduce delivery cycles using the production base direct project site model, and focus on high-quality real estate companies.
In the first half of 2021, the company recorded operating income of $1,588 million, an increase of 52.11 per cent over the previous year, which led to a high rate of growth in its performance.
In the first half of the year, the gross profit of the company as a whole was 32.30%, down by 1.13 percentage points from the same year, and the gross profit rate fell slightly. By product category, the gross profit rate for all categories fell slightly.
On the cost side, the higher growth in corporate operating income in the first half of the year and the impact on scale were evident, while internal cost reduction measures were rigorously advanced, resulting in lower overall cost rates. The company ' s current cost rate was 17.88%, compared to strict cost controls in the same period in 2020, with no reversal of the company ' s net profit rate and a net profit rate rising from 9.85% in the same period in 2020.
This report is based on publicly available information considered reliable by the GWK, which includes, but is not limited to, a wide range of channels such as corporate publicity, housing sector websites, Internet access, but which does not guarantee the complete accuracy and completeness of the information contained in it. For reasons of time and calibre, the content of this report may differ from the actual situation of the enterprise, for which the GWK is concerned, and for which the GWL is concerned.
The purpose of this report is to provide an impartial and objective response to business operations. In any event, the information or views expressed in this report do not constitute any recommendation to any institution or individual.
The information contained in this report, the tools, the opinions and the property rights of this report are in the hundreds of thousands of Han think tanks.