Euro21h1 quick comments: q2 acceleration supermarket expectations, reflecting a strong a billion yuan, a 65.14 per cent increase in the same year, and a 10,698 million to 1,012 million gain in the same year.
The single q2 crop grew by 38.61 to 4.9 billion yuan on the same date, and the net profit from the same year grew by the same year. Overall, the company continued its high growth of q1 in q2, which is in line with our expectations and is higher than the market expectations.
The high climate and the relatively low base of 20h1 are related, on the other hand, to the fact that the company's alpha has a European home (603833), the Euroland 21q2preview: q2 is expected to continue to grow at a high rate.
With regard to cabinets, in the first half of 21st year, the company continued to pursue the cabinet + strategy on the one hand, the distribution of cooking and electricity, the share of income on the package continued to rise, the value of retail passenger manifests continued to grow, and we expect that the value of the container's net retail (excluding plastic) passenger manifests is expected to increase by 5-10%. On the other hand, the company went one.
Mobilize retail distributors to work with local vendors to further advance the "Cook-Cooking" stock options incentive scheme, highlight the medium- and long-term model, dig the old kitchens and lift the retailing performance of the cabinets, which we expect to be growing steadily throughout the 21-year period.
Development of Confidence - 2021/05/31 In the case of closet operations, on the one hand, company price increases and house-wide suites continue to play a powerful role: high profit expectations, cash flow performance
Li, and the depth of Mouss's chain of depth have given his closet full-room suite an extremely high price and a higher degree of recognition -- 2021/04/29. Customized core + accompaniment + door wall systems have opened up the industry.
According to our grass-roots research, the closets are expected to grow by more than 30%, one of the highest in the entire industry. Other new business areas are: the build-up of businesses is going well, with Europa and Starhouses coming together.
In addition, we expect to boost the company's overall revenue growth by more than 10% in the first half of the year, and throughout the year, we see that the dressing business is expected to double its growth, and that the main feeder business has also made a breakthrough and is expected to contribute more revenue in the second half of the year.
With high growth driven, we expect large double-digit growth at least throughout the year. Māori rates are influenced by rising raw-material prices, and we expect that Māori rates will withstand some adjustment in prices, and the pressure will be reduced in relative terms.
The Division leads the industry in terms of diversification channels, expansions, supply chain integration, considering that companies may become the future leader of the 4 trillion-strong pan-house sector, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
Euro21h1 quick report: q2 acceleration supermarket expectations, reflecting a strong alpha chart: Europa quarterly splits and forecasts 21h1 quick review: q2 acceleration supermarket expectations, reflecting a strong trend
Euro21h1 quick report: q2 acceleration supermarket expectations, reflecting a strong alpha institute northbound north of Beijing City.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.