On October 20, 20, 20, 20, 2024, Wen's shares published a report on the acquisition of shares in financial institutions.
The announcement for the purchase of a loan at $10052407002 has been signed with the authorized branch of the Bank of Agriculture of China, Inc., a liquidity loan contract for a sum not exceeding 1 billion yuan.
At the same time, the company received pressure from the authorized branch of the Bank of China, Inc., to release the repurchase funds and optimize the average financing cost.
Loans with a duration of one year. Plus a letter of commitment signed with another financial institution, the sum of which covers the maximum amount of money to be used in the repurchase of the shares, greatly frees up the pressure on repurchase funds and raises short-term capital for one year.
At the same time, the liquidity loan contract borrows at a low interest rate of no more than 2.25 per cent per annum, enabling companies to optimize their own financing structures and reduce the buy-back programme, which is progressing steadily and is expected to be fully settled in the future.
On September 18, 2024, the Win-Girl Shares published this Repurchase Report, which proposes to convert the Repurchase Fund into a Repurchase Loan or Own Fund from the current national policy call and to ease the financial pressure.
The employee holding scheme or the equity incentive scheme fully demonstrates confidence in the company’s own lack of 1, the Win stock (300,498) and a high degree of recognition of its own value for its development prospects. At the same time, it is time to return.
Purchase for staff motivation, long-term development letters.
By 30 September, the company had accumulated 18.22 million shares in total equity.
The borrowing cap in the Financial Borrowing Contract covers the lower limit of the repurchase programme: the cost of farming has dropped significantly, the level of profitability has been phased in, and the sum of the proposed borrowings has greatly increased the current buy-back.
The probability of a complete landing boosts the market’s confidence in Winch’s shares, with meat and pork sales rising brightly, farming costs continuing to be explored, and a total of 2156.19 million live pigs in January-September, compared to 2023.
In the same period, 17.66% increased, of which 85.64 million were sold to pigs.
The cost of pork and chicken farming has continued to show a downward trend, with the reduction in efficiency gains to below $6.9 per pound in August; the full cost of chicken outings has declined rapidly from $6.5 per pound in January 2024 to $5.9-6.0 per pound in July.
The cost of pig-and-root operations continues to be explored, helping to further expand the scope for profit.
Volatile risk: risk of macroeconomic fluctuations: share buybacks are not progressing as expected.
Having physical, first-level, first-half-level and second-tier market experience, good at the industrial chain perspective and grass-roots front line, 2024 Wenzheng: Agricultural team member, Bachelor of Science, People’s University of China, Master of Science and Technology University of Hong Kong, August 2024, reflects my research views. I have not, and will not be, driven by the specifics of this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The information, opinion, etc. does not take into account the specific purpose of the investment, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, and does not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person. Investors should independently evaluate the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial position, etc.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.