Winch shares (300498.sz) 2024 tri-quarter review: total net profit for the first three quarters was lost, and the cost of raw pigs and yellow chicken farming steadily decreased.
In the first three quarters of 2024, the company lost its share of the net profit, with the cost of pig and chicken farming steadily increasing by only 1 per cent (including chickens, fresh products and cooked food) and selling them at an average price of $13.2 per kilogram; the price of pig and yellow chicken prices went up and the performance of the company continued to improve, with the company producing pigs and raising pigs.
In the first three quarters of 2024, s098052400003, the chicken-breeding business achieved a net profit on a year-on-year basis, improved production performance in pig-breeding and continued optimization of the asset-liability structure.
According to the company ' s announcement, in July 2024, the company ' s fertility rate had risen to 87 per cent; the fertility-stage pork was listed at 92 per cent; the combined cost of pork farming in July alone was approximately $13.8-14.0 per kilogram; and the average combined cost of meat and pork breeding in January-July was reduced to approximately $14.6 per kilogram, which was in the range of cost targets established at the beginning of the year.
The yellow chicken industry, which is well run, is expected to benefit from an upturn in the prices of pigs. The company’s poultry industry continues to maintain a high level of stability and the cost of chicken farming is further reduced. According to the company announcement, in July 2024, the male chicken farm was 95.3% marketed, at an all-time high, and in July the company’s chickens were fully accounted for.
This is about $11.8-12.00 per kilogram. The company’s yellow chickens have been growing steadily, selling 1,183 million chickens in 2023, accounting for 9.1% of the total number of chickens in the country (including white feathers, yellow feathers and small white feather chickens).
A net gain of $1.25 to 1.5 billion for the mother, and a better gain for both pig-born and pheasant chicken-breeding business.
We maintain profit projections, the company's annual cost is expected to decline steadily in 24-26 years, and the meat and chicken production indicators continue to improve.
In the first three quarters of 2024, the company lost a positive share of its net profit, with the cost of pig and chicken farming steadily improving.) This was a 1% increase in the same year, with chicken sales at an average price of $13.2 per kilogram; the price of pig and yellow chicken for the benefit went up and the company’s farm performance continued to improve, and the company’s pig and chicken production business continued to improve in the three quarters of 2024.
The net profit is realized on a year-to-year basis. Figure 2: Business income and rate of increase (in billions of yuan, per cent) in the single season of the Winch shares, Figure 4: Net profit and rate of increase in the single season of the Winch shares (in billions, per cent)
The Māori rate is warming up with the price cycle of the living pig, and the overall rate falls significantly. The ratio is similar to the ratio of Māori 2024q1-q3: Māori of the Winch shares and changes in net interest rates, figure 6: Change in the cost of the Winch shares.
Operating cash flows are reheating with a slight increase in the turnover of receivables and inventory. Net operating cash flows of 2024q1-q3 are equal to +71.49 pct to 127.9 per cent and net operating cash flows are equal to operating income to +8.25 pct fields, with stock turnover days being equal to -1 per cent to 84.99 days.
We maintain a “better than the city” rating, and we maintain a profit forecast, with the company’s 24-26-year net profit forecast as a guarantee that the data used in the report are from compliance channels; the logic of the analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author