Winch shares (300498.sz) Food and beverage group Piggy resonance high performance.
1. "Winn Stock Company Review: q2 Q2 tumbles to produce strong and well-run dragons, pig chicken resonance achieves better profits, with significant efficiency gains: benefits from pig and yellow chicken camps " , 2024.8.27
Prices are good, and companies are making better profits in the third quarter of the year alone.
About 420,000 pigs are sold. We measure the full cost of q3 pig farming at about 14.2 yuan per kilogram, the price of pig sales at about $19.48 per kilogram and, in the context of better pig prices, about $640 per head, and about $4.6 billion in pig farming.
The company’s q3 chicken sales averaged $13.14/kg, and we've measured that the chickens alone earn about $2.2 and the meat business earns about $700 million. The company’s farm costs are falling by the season as a result of a sustained increase in efficiency in the company’s farm production.
As a result of the gradual optimization of the company ' s production indicators and production management, it is expected that the cost will continue to increase steadily and the debt ratio will decrease: as of the end of September, the company ' s productive raw materials stood at $4,849 million, compared with the q2 end ring ratio + 1.2 per cent, and the company ' s production capacity is expected to increase steadily.
As the profits improve, the company takes the initiative to lower, and we expect that q4 pig prices will continue to yield better returns as the season of consumption comes, and that the pace of recovery at the production level will increase the industry's climate.
On the other hand, the high level of margin in the industry has led to a low level of coverage, with yellow chicken prices expected to follow pig prices as the season of consumption progresses. Forage costs are still expected to fall somewhat this year, and farming operations are expected to be better profitable.
In the first place, the indicators for farming are continuously optimized, performance is excellent, and it is expected to benefit fully from the risks of price volatility in pig prices, animal disease and price volatility in raw materials.
Analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market