q3 performance growth has been realized and efficiency gains continue to be evident
q3 achieved high performance and profit growth is expected to materialize 75,384 million yuan, or 16.5 per cent more, in the first three quarters of 2024; net return to the mother, $6,408 million less net return to the mother
The q3 quarter showed a high rate of growth of $28,644 million, or 21.9 per cent over the same period;
At the same time, there has been a steady expansion in the size of corporate farming over the years, the control of farm-raising costs and internal management of farm-raising processes have continued to improve and the potential for performance growth has been realized.
In January-September, 2156.19 million pigs were born, an increase of 17.66% over the 2023 period, and 856.4 million pigs were sold.
At the same time, the company has grown steadily in size and the costs of farming have continued to improve. At the end of July, the company was able to produce 164.165 million pigs, and the reserve stock was adequate.
By the end of September, there was a slight increase in the number of hogs in stock, which is expected to rise to about 1.66 million. At the end of the cost, the cost of the August pig production package has been reduced to less than $13.8 per kilogram, taking into account special events at the end of the quarter.
The sum released the repurchase fund pressure, the repurchase option had a cost, a conservative estimate of 14.2 yuan/kg for the overall combined cost of q3, and a continuous downward trend in the ring ratio of q2 to help broaden the profit margin.
Procuring for employee motivation, showing long-term development letters, keeping the chicken business steady and showing significant efficiency gains, and selling 871 million meat chickens in January-September, increasing over the same period.
3. Winch Shares (300498): q2 Performance Strength to gain, Pig + Chicken to double profit levels 2024-08-28
The price of the chickens fluctuated slightly. But the chicken industry performed fairly well, with significant efficiency gains, with a 95.3% listing rate in July, which is historically high. The total cost of chickens out of the column fell to $11.8-12.0 in July.
We expect the q3 optimized results to be stable, the q3 as a whole chicken out of the column at $12.0/kg, and the q3 as a profit of $700 million. Repurchases highlight long-term development confidence, and the value of the investment paid.
On September 18, 2024, Wen’s shares published a repurchase report to demonstrate the company’s own long-term development of confidence. At the same time, the company entered into a liquidity loan contract to borrow no more than $1 billion in special-purpose loans to buy back shares.
Another financial institution signed a letter of loan commitment, with an equal ceiling of $1 billion earmarked for stock buy-backs, which greatly enhances the probability that this buy-back programme will be fully settled.
Risks of disease in pig farming; natural disasters and extreme weather risks; risks of change in industrial policies: the price of pigs rises less than expected: market conditions for feed and raw materials
Volatility risk; risk of macroeconomic fluctuations; equity buy-back progress less than expected  Agricultural group presentations with physical, level I, level I, half I, level II market experience, good at the industrial chain perspective and grass-roots line, 2024
Wenzheng, an agricultural team member, a Bachelor of Arts from the Chinese People’s University, and a Master of Science from the Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, who took up his post in August 2024, reflected his research views.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the projection of a stock or industry index vis-à-vis the main indicators of the relevant securities market illustrates that: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes: a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreed transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer)
The Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
It is reliable, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information. We have tried to report it objectively and fairly, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.