Winch shares (300498) cycling, cost optimization, breeding carrier performance 22 October 2024
During the first three quarters of the year, the company achieved an operating income of 75,384 million yuan, an increase of 16.53 per cent over the same period; and a net profit of $6,408 million for the mother, an increase of 241.47 per cent over the same period. Of this, the third quarter realized an operating income of $28,644 million, an increase of 21.89 per cent over the same period; and a net profit of $5,081 million for the mother, an increase of $5,081 million over the same period.
The average price of pig sales in September was $19.05 per kilogram, an increase of 17.4 per cent. The profit rate was optimized by 25.28 per cent of the company ' s q3 Māori ratio.
16.49 pctso The company has continued to build on the advantages of farm farming The company has promoted efficiency and cost optimization of farm management, improved financial situation and continued advantages of farm farming
In terms of farm productivity, companies focus on disease prevention and control, greater production stability, and continued improvement in farm productivity, and the core production performance indicators, such as py, meat comparison, listing rates, etc., have improved significantly. For feed, the cost of company feed production has dropped by about 300-400 yuan per ton since the beginning of the year.
In July, the company achieved a combined cost of about 6.9-7 pounds for pork farming. In addition, the business financial situation improved rapidly with the Department's increased profitability. As of the end of the third quarter of 2024, the company's assets were negative.
Peng Hae-lan, an advantaged pig-breeding company has medium- and long-term configuration value, and as the industry returns to a reasonable level of volatility, the long-term stable pig-breeding industry as a whole will be preserved.
At a certain level of profit, the industry has an advantage in farm management and cost, and it is expected that it will be more profitable. As a top-notch farm, the Win-Spring shares value and continuously raise shareholder returns.
The scheme found a profit distribution of $995 million (including taxes). This profit distribution is the second q1 year of the 2024 Winchester shares, making steady progress towards the business goal - 2023 - Quantico Air Securities Ltd.
The company’s long-term dividend attributes and allocation values are becoming more visible. Winsing shares are a top-class farming group.
In return, the value of the medium- and long-term configuration is becoming more pronounced. We expect the company to return to its mother ' s net profit in 2024-2026, with prices for pork consumption falling short of expectations, risks of disease, etc. The company ' s investments are rated as follows:
The team’s members, who are from the top agricultural institutions in the country, have developed more extensive research experience in large commodities, and have a rich background for industrial investment in areas such as livestock farming, farming, and farming. In the alternative, they will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
This report is prepared by China Shipping Securities Ltd. (which already has the qualifications for securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board). It is not about any area, country, or other area of jurisdiction in which China Air Securities Ltd. and its associated companies have acted in violation of local laws or regulations for the purpose of sending, issuing, receiving or using this report. The copyright of the material in this report is a Chinese air security unless otherwise indicated.