A historical mission, full upturn of energy equipment, 26 December 2022 Investment rating: buy-in (first time)
Eastern Electric, a leading energy-equipment business in our country, has evolved into one of the backbones of our national economy for more than 60 years.
Equipment and “six industries” extending from the “six power” to the outside. Against the backdrop of the global energy crisis and the simultaneous energy revolution, it is hoped that our power-side investments will accelerate, and companies, as leading energy-equipment companies, will take on the historic mission of ensuring the stability of the national electricity supply and the construction of new power systems.
Investing in coal power is expected to accelerate, and firm orders are abundant, and the importance of coal power as a source of supply to the bottom cannot be ignored in the larger context of ensuring the stability of electricity supply, with new coal power starting at no less than 80gw per year and conservatively investing in mainframe equipment at $720/kw/kw per year.
• New power systems raise the resource requirements for flexibility, so that combustion engines, extraction markets are expected to be fast-discharged.
Excellent flexible resources to solve these problems are expected to be released quickly. The power supply and adjustment of both power supply and power supply have been growing rapidly since 2021q4, when gas power approvals were needed for guaranteed and flexible resources.
The Department is expected to benefit fully from the Flexibility Resources of the Power System as the first domestic combustion engine and the first two water turbines.
Companies develop new energy businesses, such as wind power and hydrogen energy, as the biggest engine for their long-term growth. Corporate windmills have steadily increased to sixth place in the industry in 2021, and hydrogen energy has taken the lead in achieving full chain coverage.
Eastern Electric: Large Power Heavy Power, which is expected to benefit fully from the acceleration of power-side investment 1.1. Corporate development has a long history, covering more than 64 years of development of the “6th Power” company, which is an important State-owned backbone involved in national security and the lifeblood of the national economy
In 1966, in the midst of the country’s “triple-line construction” of the Eastern Wheeler Factory, the Eastern Boiler Plant, the Eastern Wind Power Plant, which began work in Sichuan on the Goon, Bamboo, and Leysan. The Eastern Power Plant was largely built in late 1966.
In 1971, the Eastern boiler plant was completed, and in 1974, the construction of the three major power plants was completed, which marked the construction of a large electrical equipment industry in Sichuan, comparable to Harbin and Shanghai. In 1984, the Eastern Power Plant Suite Company was formed in Chengdu, comprising the Eastern Power Plant and the East.
In 1992, the Eastern Electric Group Company was registered with the National Directorate of Commerce and Industry, and the Consortium was financially placed under central jurisdiction. In 1994, the Eastern Electric Company was officially listed at the port where it was handed over. In 1996, the Eastern boiler was placed on the market. In 2007, the Eastern Electric Company Limited was officially listed.
In 2018, the group injected into the public market such as goods companies and new products such as Oriental hydrogen. After more than 60 years of development, the company became a world-class power-equipment manufacturer.
Electricity, nuclear, gas, and solar power generation. The company’s power and power operations provide primarily fire mainframe equipment, including boilers, turbines and generators, and are one of the three major manufacturers of fire power equipment in the country. Hydroelectric operations provide water turbine generators. The gas and electricity operations provide mainly gas turbine equipment, while nuclear power operations provide nuclear power equipment, such as nuclear and conventional islands.
In wind power, the company provides both wind power units, including land and sea winds, and innovative wind farm construction and post-delivery services. In solar power, the company is well placed in the market in the field of photovoltaic equipment, with mature luminous heat technology packages that can provide mirrors, concentrated thermal systems, storage.
Complete products, such as heat exchange systems, conventional power generation systems, and control systems. “6” is the ability of companies to provide high-end petrochemical equipment for petrochemical industries, to provide a package of environmentally friendly solutions in environmental industries, and to undertake large overseas energy-related engineering and international trade operations.
In modern manufacturing services, companies can provide power-enhancing, tele-diagnostic and other power station operations, as well as multiple professional financial services for customers. In the electronics and control industries, they can provide an integrated network security protection solution.
New areas of air storage, molten salt storage, lithium storage, etc. have been laid out. 1.2. Companies are directly affiliated with the National Finance Committee, with considerable managerial experience. Listed shareholders are Eastern Electric Group China Ltd., with a share as of 2022q3
55.4% of the shareholders in the company are the Eastern Electric Group of China Ltd., which is part of the Central Enterprise of the National Investment Commission. 15 companies and their subsidiaries, including the Eastern Electric Power Company, the Eastern Wheeler, the Eastern boiler, the Eastern Heavy Machine, the Eastern Wind Power Company, the Eastern Self Control Corporation, etc., have direct holdings in several provinces and several overseas countries.
The Department’s management is mostly of energy-related expertise and has many years of experience in the field of energy equipment.
On 22 November, a total of 27.9887 million restricted shares were awarded to employees of enterprises, including two vice-presidents, board secretaries, and 777 middle-level managers and first-line cadres, aligning core management interests with corporate development. At the same time, companies implemented employee ownership under the flag of electronics companies to achieve shared corporate and employee risk and benefit-sharing.
1.3. Corporate financial analysis: Business income and net profits have increased steadily since 2017. 1.3.1 Reforms have been effective, performance has rebounded since 2017. Business structures have continued to optimize, and corporate performance has continued to grow since the low period of 2016.
It can be divided into two phases, with company business earnings and profits dominated by fire power equipment until 2018, and thus its business performance is largely influenced by the cycle of fire power construction. After 2018, with the optimization of the company’s business structure and the injection of group assets, the company’s performance and profitability improved considerably.
After the 2011 recovery and profit phase peaks, the company ' s net profit on revenue and repatriation generally declined between 2012 and 2016, as a result of such factors as reduced demand for electricity and electricity. In 2016, the company experienced a significant loss, mainly due to lower downstream demand, such as water, electricity and electricity.
As a result, the volume of products sold and prices declined: (2) the company introduced a series of internal modifications, with the cost of termination benefits increasing by $500 million from 2015; (3) the cost of quality assurance for wind products increased from 3 per cent to a reduced range of adverse effects, with the company ' s revenue from new energy equipment operations rising as compared to the 2018 collection
The company’s ability to resist cyclical fluctuations has improved significantly through the introduction of better-profit and emerging service lines into market platforms. The company’s net return profit from 2017-2021 has been steadily raised by net interest rates since 2017, and the Māori rate has been reduced by a number of factors.
The annual Māori rate has reached 21.5%. But with the company ' s relatively low Māori rate of wind power business revenue relative to the rise in commodity prices at the end of the raw materials, Māori has been declining since 2020, innovation in the wind power business model and improved product structure have been added to the company ' s traditional energy equipment business, and Māori has been warming.
The rate is expected to rise gradually. The net interest rate has risen steadily since 2017, as a result of the scale effects of the “three-by-two” job start-up and the expansion of operating income, and the firm’s cost rate has fallen significantly.
On the one hand, the “three drops” in accounts receivable, cost reductions and increased concentration in procurement, and financial concentration have dropped to 4.8 per cent in the first three quarters, sales to 3.6 per cent, and overall to 10.5 per cent in the period.
At the same time, net interest rates are expected to increase further as the company expands its income. 1.3.3 The share of new and emerging energy business income is steadily rising.
The overall share of revenues from new energy operations and emerging industries between 2017 and 2022h1 has been steadily rising, reaching 31.7 per cent by 2021 and 17.1 per cent for new and growing industries, such as new energy businesses and new and dynamic industries.
Qualitative and continuing support. With regard to Maori, the market competition for company growth-type operations is relatively strong, so that the level of Māori for business start-ups and emerging growth operations is on a downward trend.
In the broader context of rising commodity prices, corporate energy-equipment-type operations have also been under relative pressure in recent years. But high levels of Māori in modern manufacturing services have been effective in supporting the profitability of the company as a whole, allowing the company as a whole to maintain a relatively reasonable level of profitability.
The share of wind revenue has continued to rise, and conventional power equipment has become more cyclical. In terms of access to different power sources, corporate wind revenue has continued to rise, rising from $1,083 million in 2017. The Māori ratio of wind power units is lower than that of conventional power units.
In 2021, the company experienced a modest recovery from previous years. In 2021, the company achieved a revenue of $8,823 million, an increase of 20.4 per cent in the same year, and the Māori rate, due to the rise in commodity prices, fell slightly in the same year in 2021. In nuclear power, combustion engines, utilities, etc., the size of the company ' s revenue and the Māori rate levels were in the past.
“Back-up before change”, traditional power investment is expected to recover 2.1, power side investment will take on important counter-cyclical adjustment, policy arrangements for counter-cyclical regulation and anticipated growth in demand for electricity are expected to accelerate investment in domestic power projects.
Investment in power supply and grids was completed at the national level in January-November 2022, amounting to approximately $97.34 billion, up 15.8 per cent, the highest in nearly 10 years, with moderate ahead-of-the-road power supply and grid side investment, in a broader context of macroeconomic relative pressure, allowing both countercyclical regulation and rapid growth of electricity after economic recovery.
According to the National Energy Agency, in January-November 2022, 552.5 billion yuan was spent on the power side, an increase of 28 per cent, and in 2020 and 2021, against the background of land-based wind and sea-winding.
With the relative easing of the national epidemic in 2021, the net increase in electricity consumption was 8203 million kilowatt-hours, the highest level in 2006-2021, compared to the amount of electricity generated that year.
This directly led to a tight overall supply of and demand for electricity in 2021, with several provinces taking measures to use electricity in an orderly manner. Between 2022 and 2024, the country’s overall demand and demand for electricity are expected to be in a tight balance, with higher pressure on electricity supply.
According to the electricity supply and demand analysis for the next three years, published by the General Council of Electricity and Regulation, it is projected that the overall national electricity supply and demand will be in a tight balance between 2022 and 2024, with 6 regions expected to have tight electricity supply and demand and 17 regions expected to have tight electricity demand in 2023. 7 regions will have tight electricity supply and demand and 10 regions will have electricity demand and demand in 2024.
As of December 2022, the actual level of uncertainty about electricity supply and demand, including extreme weather events, could lead to a summer stress in Sichuan Province, where electricity supply and demand were expected to be relatively non-stressed. With the orderly recovery of domestic productive activity, it is expected that
The year 2023 will see a steady increase in national electricity use, with pressure on electricity supply highlighting the expectation that the intensity of investment on the side of the power supply will continue to increase, with “first-stamping and then-change”, that the power from fire will remain the “barrel stone” in the country's power structure 2.2.1, and that the power from fire will remain the main source of power to ensure the stability of the electricity supply.
Energy security is at the heart of the current national energy effort, and the importance of fire power as a cornerstone of electricity is not lost. In the context of the European energy crisis resulting from the conflict, our achievement of the “double carbon” goal also needs to be based on coal as a “double carbon” goal.
Fire power and new energy sources are more complementary than mutually exclusive in achieving the “carbon peak” goal. New energy sources are currently flawed, and cannot support a stable supply of electricity in the short term.
The new power system with the main energy source has the characteristics of "two" and "three" . The new power system, "two" means a high proportion of new energy access versus a high proportion of new power electronics applications, and the "three" means a new energy power with random, volatile and intermittent features.
New storage rates for new energy power are low. There is no built-up business model, and this is high enough for new storage to lack the economic basis for large-scale deployment.
The combined advantage of a short construction cycle, using long hours, is that fire power has an advantage over other conventional power sources. It is often three years from the start of construction to construction, compared to 5-10 years of hydropower and about 5 years of nuclear power.
At the same time, the number of hours spent on thermal power is second only to the number of hours spent on nuclear power, compared with the number of hours spent on renewable energy such as water, wind, solar power, and so on. Combining these two features, coal-based electricity is still the main power source that currently provides electricity.
Figure 22: Fire and power construction cycles shorter than other conventional power sources Figure 23: Fire and power use hours of dry hydropower, wind and solar power generation 2.2.2, coal power construction into accelerated corridors started in 2022
The number of new installed coal power units in the country during the two-fifth period was 49gw, while the number of installed coal electricity in the period 2016-2020 was only 36gw. In 2021, the increase in coal prices and energy consumption were influenced by a combination of 28gw, and the number of new installed coal power generators in the country was only 28gw.
The undwelled coal power project is planned for 2022-2024, with additional coal power installed at 40, 50 and 50gw, respectively, but the cumulative coal power load of 140gw in three years is still expected to fall short of electricity demand. According to the interface news report, the National Development and Reform Commission held a coal supply meeting, and coal power projects began with an increase in the target floors, which are expected to be 2022 - 2022
In 2024, new coal power projects will be launched each year at no less than 80gw. In January-November, 73.6 billion yuan was invested in coal power, an increase of 38.3 per cent over the same period.
Up to 11gw. In 2022, coal power approvals were increased further. As of November 2022, the national coal power approvals had reached 72gw in 2022, mostly by local power companies and coal cogeneration, without major power generation companies such as the “Five Six Smalls” having started large-scale project approval and bidding processes.
Figure 26: National coal power authorized loads have risen significantly since 202104 2.3, coal power plant taps are expected to fully benefit from the recovery of the industry 2.3.1, coal mainframe equipment including boilers, turbines and turbine generators
Coal power plant equipment consists mainly of three main mainframe boilers, turbines and turbine generators, in addition to thermal systems, fuel supply systems, ash removal systems, water treatment systems, water supply systems, electrical systems, systems secondary, thermal engineering control systems, auxiliary production works, etc.
The value of boilers, turbines and turbine generators in the 2x1000mw coal unit is 31%, 13% and 9% respectively. According to the Fire and Power Engineering Limited Design Reference Price Index (2021 Level), the cost of new units in the 2x1000mw engine unit is USD 33,733/kw and the cost of the extension unit is USD 3083/kw.
Based on 40.3% of equipment acquisition costs, the purchase cost of new units of equipment is 1.36 billion yuan per 1,000mw.
The value of boilers, turbines and turbine generators in the coal unit of 2x660mw is 26%, 15% and 7% respectively. According to the Fire and Power Engineering Limited Design Reference Price Index (2021 Level), the cost of new units in the coal unit is $3,700/kw and the cost in the extension unit is $3161/kw.
Based on 39.8% of equipment acquisition costs, the purchase cost of new units of equipment is RMB 970 million / 660 mw. Of these, the single boiler, wheeler and wheel generator are RMB 2.6, 140 and 170 million, respectively, based on 2021 prices.
Figure 29: Composition of investment costs of 2 x 660mw supercritical coal power units
• Boiler — steam turbine — steamer — other 2.3.2, stable pattern of competition for coal power equipment, strong market position for the three main mainframe plants, stable pattern of competition for coal power equipment with a real monopoly over Shanghai, Eastern and Harbin electricity
According to company announcements, Eastern boiler products were in the lead in the three main mainframes in 2021, with a market share of 66%. Wheelers tend to be tied to wheel generators, and Eastern Electric has 51.7% of the annual city in 2021.
The market for coal-fired equipment has seen an increase in the share of the market, and the market as a whole shows the types of products in which enterprises have an advantage in the reliability of the equipment. According to the National Annual Report on Electricity Reliability 2020, the performance of the turbines, generators, and boilers in the major mainframe plants can be seen.
Three of the industry’s main mainframe plants have their own superiors in different power-sized fleets, with Eastern power and gas superior products mainly in 1,000 mw generators, 600 mw generators, and boilers. Fire and power equipment operations are expected to warm up with the new construction cycle.
Business revenues of $8.8 billion, an increase of 20.4 per cent over the same period, fell to 21.2 per cent due to the rise in commodity prices in the same year, and we expect the company ' s equipment operations to continue to warm as a new cycle of coal power becomes operational, assuming that 3 flexible resources are the focus of the construction of new power systems.
The share of renewables will continue to rise, and flexible resources will be the focus of the construction of new power systems. With the decline in photovoltaic and wind construction costs and the support of policies, the share of wind and photovoltaic power in the country’s power supply structure will continue to rise. By 2021, the combined capacity of windlights will have accounted for 27% of our power supply.
The intermittent and volatile nature of power generation from sources requires that new power systems, dominated by new sources, must have some resilience and responsiveness, i.e. the flexibility of the power system. In the context of a continuous increase in the penetration rate of renewable energy, the reduced power and loads resulting from insufficient flexibility can have a negative impact on the rate of return on renewable energy projects.
At the same time, the characteristics of electronic access to new energy sources have a greater impact on the frequency of power systems, and the new power system has a low-inert feature on the grid. The most significant problem with large-scale power electronics and loads connected to the grid is the problem of frequency stability.
The power side flexibility resources include a new set of power, gas, hydropower, and power side storage.
Capable systems. (1) The coal-fired unit can be modified by thermal electrolysis coupling and low-voltage-stable-combustion technology, which reduces the minimum energy contribution of the coal-fired unit to 20-30% of the rated-power, and enhances the flexibility of the power system: (2) the gas-fired unit stops faster than the coal-fired unit, provides more efficient power supply, has faster impact and is able to adapt to different end load characteristics.
In terms of the modulation properties, this is an ideal power-up. (3) The power-discharge station has a fast, power-regulating speed feature, which is a very high quality, but construction is relatively limited by geographical conditions; (4) the new storage capacity on the side of the power supply is also fast, but the new storage capacity is still electrical.
Electronic access does not provide swing inert support against the three above-mentioned modes of regulation. 3.1. Flexibility-modified coal power units are the most economical and flexible power sources. Flexibility adaptations to conventional coal power units are the most economical way to capture flexibility in current power systems.
The core objective of the light power flexibility adaptation is to respond adequately to the volatility of the new power system by achieving three functions: peaking, rapid shutdown, and fast lift loads. The most important objective of the current fire flexibility adaptation is the cost of different peaking methods according to the Guangdong "13-Five-Five-Thirteen-Thirteen-Thirteen-Five" Combined Operation Strategy.
At the same time, the policy end continues to encourage support for thermal flexibility, building new power sources in this way.
During the period of the 14th Five-Year Plan, the National Energy Agency and the National Commission for the Implementation of the National Programme for the Upgrading and Upgrading of Coal Power Units, which was launched jointly by the National Energy Agency and the National Development and Reform Commission, provided that the National Programme for the Upgrading of Coal Power Units was implemented during the period of the 14th Five-Year Plan.
The country needs to complete the conversion of the 200gw storage coal power unit flexibility, which costs approximately $60-180/kw based on the key technologies and development challenges for the high proportion of renewable energy power systems, calculated as 60, 120 and 180/kw respectively for the conversion of flexibility, and domestic fire power during the "145" period.
The flexible market space will be in the range of $12-36 billion, with a median value of $24 billion.
Many start-up crew suppliers. The different levels of adaptation of the lighter units often require the adaptation of different control systems and equipment. The modification of the conventional units, including the main equipment boiler, the wheeler, and the equipment of the auxiliary control system, the fuel supply system, the water cycle system, etc., is therefore necessary.
Changes vary considerably from one unit to another, and the units sold are often subject to a “one-size-fits-all” approach. Thus, domestic stock flexibility to transform market players is largely supported by three major suppliers, namely, Eastern Electric, Shanghai Electric, and Harbin Electric.
Figure 37: Flexibility adaptation involves multiple subsystems Figure 36: The degree of flexibility associated with the adaptation approach is high 3.3. Gas power generation will play a role in energy conservation and flexibility regulation
3.3.1. Environmental and state-of-the-art gas efficiency is the primary option for gas-fired power generation in some parts of the country. The unit carbon emissions are lower. It is more efficient. There is no need for coal, powdering and ash removal equipment than for coal-fired power plants. Natural gas is a fuel-fired gas tanker.
Its carbon emissions are often between 50 and 60 per cent of the same coal, and its unit heat and efficiency are also better than the average coal-fired unit, combining its peak performance advantages, gas generation is also part of the area that guarantees its own electricity supply.
Development of gas power is faster for rich regions and power centres. Currently, the more developed coastal provinces, including Guangdong, Zhejiang, Shandong, Shanghai, and others, have air power-loading plans for the 14th century, with Guangdong planning to complete 36gw by 2025 and Shanghai planning to complete the gas-cum-loading by 2025.
12.5gw, installation of gas units in industrially developed provinces which, on the one hand, secure the local supply of electricity, and the impact of extreme weather conditions during the summer, have led the region to make a series of adjustments to its own power structure planning. Figure 38: China ' s gas resources are mostly distributed in the north-west, the east coast and the south-east.
In the Sichuan Basin, gas and electricity approvals continued to rise and markets were growing rapidly. The national gas and electricity approvals have been increasing rapidly since 2021q4, of which 2022q1 alone has reached 9.78gw. As of November 2022, the national gas and electricity generation had been increasing rapidly.
The approved load has reached 24.77gw. A further increase in the approved load of gas power is expected, stimulated by local energy supply pressures and peak demand. 3.3.2, the gas core equipment is gas turbines, and Eastern Electric is the industry leader.
The value of gas turbines, residual boilers, steam turbines and generator units in the 2x400mw gas unit is 40%, 18%, 14% and 12% respectively. Based on data from the Fire and Power Engineering Limited Design Reference Price Index (at 2021 Level), the unit price for new gas units in the 2x400mw class (9f level pure condensation) is as follows:
$2025/kw for extension units at a cost of 1965/kw. Based on 55.1% of equipment acquisition costs, the purchase cost for new construction units is $450 million/400mw, corresponding to the investment in equipment at $1130/kw. Of this amount, the cost for single gas turbines, residual boilers, steam turbines and generator units at 400mw is 1.8, 1.8, 1.8 and 1.8 respectively.
The f-type burners are in service in the main, and the Eastern Electric is a pioneer in the national production of the burners. By the start-up temperature of the transport, the burners can be divided into e-class (gas temperature 1150°C-1250°C) and f-class (gas temperature 1300°C).
-1450 °c), g/h (500 °c-1600 °c) and J (600 °c or more) levels, of which f is the main engine currently in service. Since the company began autonomous research and development of the 50mw heavy combustion engine in 2009, the complete design, manufacture, testing system has been developed for many years and the national production of the heavy gas turbines has been successfully achieved.
Corporate skills are recognized by domestic owners, leading the market position industry. The combustion industry is generally oligopolistic, with the exception of some overseas businesses, where domestic players are still dominated by Eastern Electric, Shanghai Electric, Harbin Electric.
The cost per unit of equipment investment, assuming 20gw approvals per year in the future, is as follows: Figure 43: The first national production of 50mw heavy gas turbines for the development of the Oriental electric power plant, Figure 44: 2022h1 is ranked first in the number of countries in the order of east in the range of F and above.
3.4. New power systems just need to boost the capacity to build up. 3.4.1. Sewering is the most mature storage technology in the world.
Technology. The working principle of extraction is to convert excess power into heavy power for water when the power load is low in the region, to release water from high levels when the power load is higher in the region, and to promote the rotation of the water turbines.
As of the end of 2021, pumping capacity accounted for 86.2 per cent of the total capacity of the global storage capacity, as shown in figure 47: 86.2 per cent of the global total in 2021.
In April 2021, the National Development and Reform Commission issued its Opinions on the Further Improvement of the Price-Forcing Mechanism for Pumping Pumping Energy, which introduced a new two-system electricity price, further strategizing the cost-sharing and profit-making mechanisms for the construction of the Pumping Power Plant.
According to the National Energy Agency ' s Medium- and Long-term Development Plan for Pumping Energy (2021-2035) of September 2021, the total size of the country ' s productive capital is 62 gw in 2025, and the total national productive capacity is 120 gw by 2030, with a total capacity of 300 gw expected by 2035.
Several provinces and cities, such as West, Shanxi, Zhejiang, and Fujian, have plans for the 14th Five-Year Reloader. There is sufficient planning, and there is still a gap between the cumulative amount of projects under construction and the long-term planning.
With a total of 36.39gw and a total of 61.53gw under construction, a total of 97.92gw. The approval and start-up of future projects will be accelerated, taking into account the construction cycle, which is 6-8 years old, and the completion by 2035 of the target of 300gw cumulative recharge capacity.
Figure 51: China ' s construction of pumping stations in 2021 amounted to 61.53 gw in figure 50: the total number of planned pumping stations in China amounted to 814 gw of the south-west power grid
According to the incomplete statistics of the pumping energy industry, the cumulative amount of approvals for q1-q3 in 2021 was only 2.5gw. After the mid- to long-term regulations were introduced in September 2021, the amount of approvals increased significantly, reaching 11.3gw in the 2021q4 quarter alone.
In 2022, the national pumping approval machine accelerated further, and as of 15 November 2022, the pumping approval capacity for that year amounted to 43.3gw.
The value of investment in hydroelectric equipment and installation works in the pumping energy project is approximately $1,400/kw. According to the General Water and Power Establishment, Pumping Energy Division data, the unit static investment cost for the approved pumping plant in 2021 was approximately $5367/kw, of which the highest proportion was for mechanical and electrical equipment and installation works, accounting for about 26.1 per cent of the total, and its unit investment was approximately 26.1 per cent.
Corporate sales of water turbines have increased steadily and the market position has remained stable. Corporate sales of water turbines have increased rapidly, from 1471mw in 2017 to 1957mw in 2021, with annual compound growth of 69 per cent.
In terms of market position, the country’s main water turbine manufacturers are mostly Harbin and Orient, with the Middle East electricity sector accounting for about 40 per cent of the city in 2021. Given the construction cycle of 5-8 years of savings, assuming an investment cost of $1.4/w per unit of equipment, the company’s share is 40 per cent per annum.
Nuclear power plant approvals were innovative, equipment leaders were solid, nuclear power approvals were innovative in 4.1 and 2022, and the nuclear power industry was expected to continue to grow steadily.
In January-November of that year, the country invested 53.3 billion yuan in nuclear power, an increase of 23.7 per cent compared with the previous year. With regard to nuclear power-approved projects, the total number of nuclear power-approved projects in the country as of December 2022 was 10, the highest level in nearly seven years.
According to the Chinese Nuclear Energy Industry Association, the amount of static investment in the third generation of nuclear first-generation reactors is around 18,000 yuan/kw.
Taking into account the subsequent nationalization of some of the equipment, it is expected that the total initial static investment costs will be around $15,000/kw, of which the cost of the equipment investment will be about 61% and the cost of the equipment investment approximately $9,000/kw. The cost of the nuclear, conventional and auxiliary systems will be 4680/kw, 2520/kw, and 1800/kw, respectively.
Nuclear power equipment is dominated by three major energy suppliers, with Eastern electricity and nuclear equipment accounting for more than 35 per cent of the total. For this purpose, the main nuclear and conventional island equipment in the former part of the country is dominated by marine electricity, Eastern electricity, Harbin electricity, and China’s primary supply, where, according to the Eastern Electrical Bulletin, it is more than 35 per cent.
Wind and power continued to grow, with firm positions rising by 5.1, and wind and power sectors expected to grow faster, with multiple factors affecting wind and power grid installed slightly less than expected in 2022. According to the National Energy Agency, 2022
In January-November of the year, the number of new wind power grids installed in the country was 22.5gw, a decrease of 8.8% compared to the previous year. The main reason was that the impact of the outbreak in the Jianggu region in the second quarter of the year had resulted in a significant shortage of key spare parts, such as gear tanks and axle bearings, which had a more severe impact on wind engine production and delivery.
The impact of the epidemic has prevented many wind power projects in the region from being delivered on schedule. Combining these multiple factors has led to a slower than expected increase in the number of grid-connected calibre machines in 2022.
As of November 2022, the cumulative volume of tenders for wind power in 2022 had reached 106.7gw.
Figure 61: Wind power tender volume in January-November 2022 reached 106.7gw and the wind power industry continued to fall, and the wind power industry grew significantly.
This is 5.6mw and 3.1mw, representing a significant increase in average capacity compared to the previous year. The windmill trend, the price of wind bids, the continued decline, the economic upturn of end-owners, and the rising demand for loadings.
Fears about when the sea wind will be levelled have led to a relatively small number of tenders in 2021. As the sea wind was larger in 2022, several sea wind projects succeeded in achieving parity, and the same proportion of sea wind tenders increased significantly in 2022. By November 2022, the sea wind bid had reached 25gw (including 10.5gw).
By 2023, sea wind deliveries and grid-connected machines will have increased significantly. The 14th Sea Wind in each province plans to install more than 50gw. Sea winds, because of their better wind resources, are also closer to the disinfection centre, are the focus of construction in the current coastal provinces, including Shandong, Zhejiang, Guangdong, etc.
In addition to the savings from the sea wind, the coastal provinces’ 14th Five-Year Plan, in which the sea wind plans for new assembly machines totalled about 50gw. The provincial wind plans not only lay the foundation for the sea wind during the 14th Five-Year Plan, but also signal that the 15th Five-Five will continue to grow.
Figure 65: Planning volume of “145” offshore wind power in the provinces is about 50gw 5.2, Eastern Electric: the industry has steadily increased, with many ways to increase profitability The Eastern Electric Market has risen steadily. In 2021, the Eastern Electric Wind sales market was 5.9 per cent.
The industry is the sixth largest, while the company ' s offshore windmill market was 7% in 2021 in the offshore wind and wind business, ranking fifth in the industry. According to company bulletins, as the market of 2022q3 continued to rise, the windmill was the best in the history of the same period, with a successful top five in the industry.
Corporate wind and electricity revenues are growing rapidly, and wind is an important initiative for companies to seize the opportunity of “double carbon.” Corporate wind and machine sales have increased from 573mw in 2017 to 3362mw in 2021, with a high annual compound growth rate of 55.6%.
Innovative business models, high spare parts self-contained ratios increase profitability. The company ' s Māori ratio for wind and power operations was relatively high in the period 2020-2021, owing to a significant drop in sales prices due to the continued largeness of the wind and accelerated competition in the industry, and to the cost to the company of rising commodity prices during this period.
But looking forward companies are expected to achieve a better level of profitability in the delivery year through business model innovation and a higher proportion of parts and components.
The development of hydrogen fuel cells has been formally organized since the beginning of the industry's chain-covering drive. After decades of research and development breakthroughs, it has been possible to produce products including membrane electrodes, reactors, fuel cell motor systems, hydrogen supply systems, etc., and to complete the hydrogen energy chain.
Coverage. According to company announcements, the company achieved business income of $101 million for hydrogen energy in 2021, an increase of 52 per cent over the same year, with a Māori rate of 46.58 per cent. More technology is currently available to produce 1,000 fuel cell motors, 3,000 m2 of electrodes per year, including membrane electrodes, bipolar panels, fuel cell reactors and engine system matching.
6.2. Emerging industries are fully covered, increasing growth dynamics. The company’s emerging industries also include energy conservation and environmental protection, new materials, and industry-wide equity.
In the case of compressed air storage, companies can supply 10mw-300mw series of compressed air-inflated flats.
Between 2018 and 2021, the company’s new and growing industries grew at an annual rate of 44%. The company’s revenues from the new and growing industries rose from 2,734 million yuan in 2018 to 8,172 million yuan in 2021, with the annual rate of compound growth increasing.
7. Profit forecasting and valuation 1. Efficient and clean power generation operations: Considering that the company ' s fire and gas equipment operations are expected to move up-to-date, nuclear power operations are expected to remain stable at the same time. Given the existence of a certain order delivery cycle in the fire and electricity operations, it is expected that the company will be efficient.
New energy business: Given the rapid growth of the pumping energy market in the company ' s hydropower business, wind power will continue to be the largest engine of company growth. The company ' s new energy business is expected to open in 2022-2024, and domestic power side investment is expected to take place in view of the expected recovery of the domestic economy in rapidly growing demand for electricity.
The company, as the leading energy-equipment company in the country, is expected to perform horizontal comparisons between the public power plant boiler company, Western clean energy, and the wind host company, Goldwind Technology, as a company of the same kind, in the context of the recovery of the coal power business, the combustion industry, the rise of the savings market, the continued growth of the wind and electricity business and the steady growth of other operations.
At this stage, the market surplus and net rate are lower than the average valuation of the same type of company, covering the first time and giving a “buy-in” rating; the price of raw materials is rising; the tender for fire and electricity equipment is less than expected; the bidding for pumping equipment is less than expected; and macroeconomics are not enough;