There is a strong long-standing core competitive advantage, and successful management adjustments are expected to bring about valuation repairs.
There is a long-standing contradiction between “excessive capacity” and “inadequate supply of high-quality capacity” and the steady rise in the number of rich households and per capita consumption in China, leading to a growing demand for “good drinking” in the market. High-end white wine companies like the F-Liquid industry, due to the strong brand base, the scarcity of products, and the fact that they are not replicable.
In the long-term trend towards continued structural upgrading of the industry, the company’s combined competitiveness is expected to grow and to squeeze its market space for small and medium-sized liquor companies. The current overall white industry continues its highly structured development, with a clear rationale for the continued growth of the high-end white wine industry, so we judge the next 14 years.
The competition pattern in the white wine market during the five-year period will continue to be the home of the high-end mainstream alcohol industry, and the future division of the white wine industry will be marked by a strong competitive edge at the core of the company and a gradual improvement in its historical legacy: the Five Grain Group has the natural advantage of leading the industry in terms of scarce and high-quality production capacity and high-end positioning of the core brand, which is the firm's most central competition.
It is also the cornerstone for leading companies in their future performance to grow steadily over the long term. Moreover, as a result of the company's “secondary entrepreneurship” in recent years, which has been overhauled in a variety of areas, including capacity optimization, product brands, marketing channels, physical mechanisms, etc., the company's historical legacy has gradually improved, and the company is gradually moving towards high-end branding.
The return in value has been particularly significant in driving its overall performance. We believe that, given the company’s long-term and stable advantage of high-end white wine, the future trend of accelerating concentration towards head brands in the Chinese wine market is likely to lead to a steady increase in the public sector’s market share and a sustained breakthrough in long-term performance.
The formalization of management changes and performance is expected to trigger positive developments: the company ' s recent transition from management to management has led to a certain extent to the overall volume of goods delivered by the company, the weakening of the speed of delivery, and the limited operation of State-owned assets in the city of Eibin.
According to the company’s recent announcement, the company’s management has now been formally restructured, and the current leadership team has had many years of experience in the Five Grain Group, with a strong understanding of the white wine market and corporate governance, and the leadership team is expected to be more stable.
Faster and better. As corporate governance cohesion is gradually restored, we expect that companies will continue to act as catalysts for the virtuous growth of corporate product volumes, prices, performance through the introduction of measures that will continue to strengthen core brand market promotion, fine-tune management, market stocks, and price regulation.
As internal personnel adjustments are put in place, concerns about the uncertainty of the company's future development are expected to gradually improve the first Shanghai Securities Company, 5 Grain Group profile.
1.1 The Chinese model of fragrance white wine represents one of the largest Chinese ultra-state enterprise groups with the liquor industry at its core, the Iobin Development Holdings Group Ltd. holds 54.8 per cent of the company ' s shareholdings in a direct and indirect manner, and the equity structure is stable.
The company has a series of brands with five grains, five grains, five grains, five grains, five grains, five grains spring, five grainsol, and sharpskins, among which the dominant brand, “five grains” has a very long history, has a deep cultural background and has a certain national brand label.
The five grains of liquid wine, based on five grains of sorghum, rice, rice, wheat and maize, are the world's first to produce with five grains of strong wine, and the most prominent representative of the Chinese fragrance of white wine.
Chart 1: The millennium gestation - five grain fluids, in addition to the fact that companies produce a wide range of brands based on differences in production processes. Because of differences in alcohol, taste, and price bands among the various varieties, there is a need for diversification between different consumption groups or different consumption scenarios.
A strong corporate product system plays an effective role in providing full coverage.1.2 Main business structures. Main company operations are organized according to product operations, including five food products, a series of liquor products, and others.
Of these, the operations include mainly the eighth-generation, fifth-generation, classic, fifth-grade, 501 and 1618 high-end white products, while the series consists mainly of the sales of white wine products such as the five-food spring, five-food ol, five-food head song, and the cutting-edge.
Benefiting from the sustained boost in consumption in recent years, the increasing concentration of the high-end white wine market and the fact that the company ' s high-end product system, dominated by five grain fluids, has maintained steady price increases in recent years, which are at the heart of the long-term growth in the company ' s performance in the future, the Shanghai First Securities Co. Ltd.
Looking back at the company's major development history, the company, officially known as the “E-Bing Five Food and Wine Factory” since 1959, maintained a steady growth trend at the beginning of its development, after which it experienced five major expansions over more than 40 years, culminating in a successful overflight of hundreds of billions of class steps in 2019.
Long-term growth trends in the high-end liquor industry have stabilized in Shanghai First Securities Co. Ltd. 2.1 Industry development history: a high-speed magnification period - entry into depth adjustment period
As we look back at the history of the white wine industry in China, the white wine industry in China has begun to develop on a scale from reform and opening up, with the period 2003-2012 being defined as the “gold decade” for the white wine industry (as a result of the country)
Intragdp compound growth of more than 10%, big white industry growth, national growth in white wine production, high songs, and a landmark breakthrough of more than 10 million litres per year after 2011.
This has had a significant impact on the demand for high-end white wine in the industry. In terms of retail prices in the market, this has led to a serious collapse in the consumption price of high-end products in the overall white wine industry between 2013 and 2016.
Then, as the overall consumption of white wine began to tilt towards the perception of “less alcohol, good wine”, the high-end white “less alcohol, good wine” became the warmth of the wine industry, and the demand for the market rose, as well as the price of the high-end white wine market.
At the bottom, strong support has emerged from the long-term robust growth in retail prices of the major high-end white wine products, which has led the entire white wine industry to return to the upward spiral again. 2.2 “Excess” coexists with “insufficiency in the supply of high-quality capacity”.
It is worth noting that since the peak of 1,3584,000 litres in 2016, overall production of white wine in China has become evidently excess in the industry as a whole, starting to contract at a compound annual growth rate of about -14.1%. According to the latest data, overall production of white wine in 2021 was only 715.6%.
Thousands of litres have been reduced to about half of the highest level in history. First Shanghai Securities Company Limited, during this period, the basic demand for market consumption has gradually shifted from a “volume-up” to a “quality-seeking” approach.
Demand for higher-quality products continues to rise. It is worth noting that, with the rapid rise in demand in the high-end white wine industry, China’s ability to expand its high-end white wine production has been severely limited, mainly because of the need for longer-term accumulation of high-quality kiln pools and the upgrading of its age, which has led to the emergence of the current white wine industry.
In this context, we believe that the overall white wine market in China in the future may continue to be integrated. In this process, high-quality wine companies have higher combined power, both soft and hard, so that the future market for small and medium-sized wine companies will be more integrated.
Space is bound to be further squeezed, thus catalyzing the industry towards higher-quality brands, production capacity and 2.3 white wine as the main driving force behind the growth of profits in the overall brewing industry in China.
The only recorded income and profits in each of the major categories of the Shanghai First Securities Company Ltd. are positive. The total volume of white wine production in the industry continued the downward trend in 2020 (at the end of the 10th and 35th century), but the size of both the end of the income and the end of the profit was realized.
There has been a significant increase, with profits of about $158.540 billion, an increase of 13.35% over the previous 13.3%, and an increase of 117.3% over the end of the Twelfth Five, which is the main driving force behind the growth in the size of profits in China as a whole in the brewing industry. We believe that China’s unique “drink table culture” and the stronger channels available to the white industry to cover its potential.
The general consumption habits of the population, for example, are difficult to achieve a significant shift to other types of alcohol. Thus, the future capacity of the white alcohol consumption market is more robust as a powerful source of Chinese tradition.
According to the Chinese Liquor Association's “145” Development Guidance for the Liquor Industry in China, overall production in the white wine industry at the end of the “145” (i.e. 2025) is expected to reach 8 million litres, or about 1.6 per cent per annum, and sales revenue and profits will reach 9500/270 billion yuan per annum, respectively.
As can be seen from the above-mentioned 14th Five-Year Development Plan, China is expected to earn 67.0% of the total sales revenue from the liquor industry by 2025, with 80.8% of the profits being made, and continuing to be dominated by industry development. It is worth noting that the future growth in the overall income and profits of the wine industry is still much higher than that of the wine industry in the future.
In addition, the 14th Five-Year Plan sets out tasks that will deepen the construction of the white wine niche, shape the world ' s white wine industry cluster, and promote the development of the leading wine-producing areas and the wine-specific industry, clearly increasing the overall proportion of the industry ' s high-quality wines, and striving to move from them.
At present, 300,000 litres have risen to 500,000 litres, from 4 per cent to 8.1 per cent, and the overall trend in the development of high-quality wines has been upwards, providing a continuous and effective contribution to the overall structure of the white and wine industry in the future.
Growth logic I: High-end branding is strong, industry is fast-tracked, high-end white wine brands in the market, represented by Guizhou Mato, 5 grain fluids and 1573 state cellars, are thick, rare and lacking, and therefore have stronger pricing powers.
The legacy and sedimentation inherent in its long history and culture make the high-end brands of such products non-reproducible, creating a very high natural access threshold, and other alcohol companies are extremely difficult to shake their high-end image and status.
The current market share of top-end liquor companies is highly concentrated and the pattern of competition is relatively stable, with three of the cr4 high-end white wine companies. By 2019, the market share in the second-high and above was 1.63%, and there is much room for future growth. The low-end white wine market continues to shrink as the industry continues to grow.
The trend toward fragmentation of development will also become more apparent, with high-end liquor companies optimizing their construction through effective branding and channels, and markets expected to become more competitive, with a certain squeeze on other small and medium-sized alcohol markets. Growth logicii: stable market-based developments drive a steady rise in higher-quality white wine demand.
In terms of market risk, the white wine industry has successfully transformed most of the high-end consumption markets into personal or business consumption, following deep adjustments, such as the 2013 policy of limiting the cost of the three publics, and the state of consumption, which is largely the end consumption, has gradually become more rational and the associated market risks have been significantly reduced. So, we think, in other cases,
When market behaviour influences are relatively stable, the increase in people's consumer capacity will be the main driving force behind the upgrading of China's First Shanghai Securities Co. Ltd., as well as the growing demand for “good drinking” for more consumers.
From this point of view, China has seen significant growth in per capita disposable income in recent years, and the impact of the 2020 epidemic has maintained a positive growth trend of between 4.7% and 32,000 yuan. Moreover, according to bcg, the number of wealthy households in China has increased rapidly over the years to the level of demand for medium- and high-end white wine consumption in China.
We therefore believe that, under the current state of economic stability in China, future economic development in China is expected to remain stable, and the level of disposable income per capita will continue to grow. Because of the tremendous taste and spiritual enjoyment that high-end wine can bring to consumers, the demand for the high-end white wine industry will grow steadily in the future.
Longer predictability is also becoming apparent.
The multi-dimensional regulation has gained the unique advantages of stage 3.1 brands and production capabilities, and in general, the five grain fluids have the industry's leading scarce and high-quality production, the core brands have the natural advantages of high-end positioning, and the natural geographic location is unique.
The company ' s product production base is located in Yiben, China, and is located in the South Asian tropical to warm humid zone. It has a stereoclimatic climate. It is surrounded by water around the mountains. It has a small difference in night temperature and four seasons. It is very wet. It is rich in soil. It has six main categories of good soil, such as rice, fresh soil, purple soil. It is suitable for growing the main crops in the production of five grains, rice, maize, wheat, sorghum, etc.
The production of five grains of liquid wine requires the participation of more than 150 microorganisms in air and soil for fermentation, as well as a natural ecological environment adapted to the co-existence of more than 150 microorganisms, which is present only in the Iobin production base. The local abundance of weak, acidic clay that can be used to build and silt is not only sticky, but also rich in phosphorus, iron, nickel, cobalt, etc.
Matter, the overall ecological environment, is extremely beneficial for the survival of wine-breeding microorganisms, of which nickel, cobalt, which is a unique small quantity of mineral matter in the five-grain growing mud, is not a condition of any other wine factory. Thus, the natural brewing environment, which is unique to the world, provides a more unique geographical advantage for the five-bain.
Research has shown that the longer the silhouettes grow, the more powerful the microbes and the fragrances they produce, the more special the fragrance and the wind they make.
So good cellars, silts, and silt age are the first conditions for the production of high-quality white wine, and the production capacity of this type is highly scarce and non-reproducible. The five grain fluids now have the largest and oldest cave-style fermented ponds in the industry, with tens of thousands of them.
This includes hundreds of well-known silos belonging to eight ancient wine-making workshops such as "Long Hair" and "Likawa Young" , first built in the early 1368 years of Hong Wu, now 651 years old, the country's first cave-style scaffolding of wine. This long-standing and extremely scarce high-quality silos have also been built for companies to produce high-end products.
The company now produces more than 200,000 tons of pure-food solid fermented white wine annually, and the solid fermentation capacity is larger than the industry. Thus, having more high-quality production is the basis for the company’s ability to produce high-quality, good-quality alcohol on a sustainable basis.
It's also the company's main core competitiveness in defending its position in the high-end white wine market, leading the company's future performance.
Second Shanghai Securities Company Ltd. February 2022, table, is one of China’s top white wines and is also the company’s core brand.
Liquor branding, one of the company’s most central barriers to competition, has been known since the Panama Exposition in 1915, and has so far received numerous prizes and titles in the country and abroad in relation to alcohol. In 2021, World Brand 500 was ranked in China’s entire industry.
The 20th brand, the second highest in the food and beverages industry, was ranked second to the last. 3.2 In the long-term course of the company ' s development, the company ' s five grains during the period 1988-2013 were the result of the country ' s open pricing rights for wine.
After taking the lead in raising prices significantly and moving beyond becoming China’s top white brand, the company’s business has moved on to the “fast-key” and quickly achieved the size of the industry first, becoming the market leader of the whole industry. However, with the growing business model of the company and the continuing changes in social consumption habits, the company’s business is still growing.
The legacy of the rapid expansion of the model is also becoming increasingly evident, with the accelerated nationalization of tags, the long-term dilution of brand resources, the active expansion of companies in the 1990s, and a large number of low-end alcohol products that can be bought through licensing, franchising, leasing, purchasing.
These initiatives have helped companies to rapidly digest their production capacity and to nationalize their operations, but too many brands and unstructured products, first Shanghai Securities Co. Ltd., over a period of time.
Quality, and gradually, prevents companies from achieving uniform and effective security. Corporate brand resources are beginning to be heavily overstretched, and intangibles are making it difficult for consumers to distinguish between similar products under the company’s flag, leading to a significant dilution of public intangible assets and a longer-term reputation for the main brand, “Five Grains”.
Traditional large-scale business supports low-cost expansion, with overdependence leading to weak control. Companies have been in circulation in previous years mainly through traditional channels.
Issues such as severe disconnection: large-scale distribution channels are too monolithic, resulting in late firms being too sensitive to market demand, and information on changing market demand needs to be obtained through feedback from distribution channels, so that price changes in products are severely constrained by the middle. Such problems are compounded by the growing size of the company’s market.
The more chaotic the resulting market system is. The eight-decree triggers a turning point in performance, and the firm moves into a deep adjustment phase.
The demand for fees has been severely hit, as well as the impact on the development of the company ' s product business and the significant two-year impasse in the sale of high-priced alcohol, which has led to a two-year negative growth in corporate overall performance over the period 2013-2014, but which has also pushed the company into a deep adjustment phase to lay the groundwork for subsequent development.
First Shanghai Securities Co. Ltd., February 2022.
Since 2017, the company has been spearheaded by high-quality development, with the launch of a “second entrepreneurship”, further proposed in late 2018: “Creating board, stretching board, upgrading new energy, seizing structural opportunities, sharing high-quality development”, which has resulted in the introduction of medications in a variety of areas, such as productivity optimization, branding of products, marketing of channels, physical mechanisms, etc., including (1)
Focusing on core brands and products, (2) optimizing marketing teams, channels and digital development, and (3) providing side structural reforms, among others. We believe that this round of corporate reform has an unprecedented long-term strategic objective of “ working towards a return to a dominant position from brands, markets, and market values.”
4.1 In recent years, companies have continued to downplay their brands under their banners and to reorganize brands that are not market-friendly.
On the product structure, the company has gradually refined the two-driven model of the "5-plus-five" and "4-plus" series of wines. The "3-plus-one" system provides basic completion and the high-end brand value of the 5-food fluids is on the upper-line.
To further highlight the high-end positioning of the Nucleus brand, the company has since 2017 further developed the Nucleus 1+3 product system, of which “1” is the fine core classic, and “3” is the three extension dimensions around the Nucleus system: 1) a unique, scarce, individual, high-end five-food chain; 2) a build-up year.
The current system of “1+3” companies is almost complete, and the high end product matrix has been enriched in recent years with the introduction or upgrading of the company’s “5 series of products.
(v) In addition, priority products such as classic five-food fluids, 501-five-food fluids, five-food fluids, 1618-low-five-food fluids, etc., have improved the company ' s high-end product matrix, not only by providing a wider range of consumers with more high-quality product options, but also by providing a certain level of escort to the universal market price system and promoting corporate-wide high-end brand value
Figure 18: The Five Grains Series (1) Core Single P5 Successful replacement
In 2019, the company ' s big single product was successfully upgraded to the eighth generation, with many upgrades in quality, packaging, forgery prevention, etc. According to the data from the 25th co-contribution conference, the eight-dip-five continued to achieve steady price increases in 2021 against a background of weak national consumption.
In terms of the company’s current strategic planning, we believe that the strategic direction for the company’s future continued development of a grand-dollar chain of prices is particularly clear, and that it is expected to gradually improve over the next year as the internal and external business environment improves, and that the company’s future development will continue.
Five is also expected to re-enter the positive cycle of steady price increases for products and healthy development of channels.
In 2020, the company published a brand-new re-upgrading product, the classic five-food fluid, to hit the market at more than $2,000. We believe that in previous years, the company's price at P5 was short of a boxing product that could be countered at the same price as the flying low, the product of the classic five-food fluid product.
According to our research, when the classic five-food fluids are on the market, they perform better than the market would expect, and the semi-annual test sells into the first Shanghai Securities Company.
The Division has increased the annual sales target from 1,000 tons set at the beginning of the year to 2,000 tons, and is preparing for a positive expansion of the product series in different versions, such as 20/30/50, with multiple strategic plans that demonstrate the firm’s high expectations and potential development confidence in the classic five-food series. In 2022, we expect the company to continue to focus on the future.
Promote market development and channel optimization for classic five-food liquid products, and appreciate the potential of this product to continue to be released at higher end markets above $2,000 in the future. (3) 1618 and low-five fluids continue to be occupied, leading to a rejuvenation, fashionization and low-level transformation.
At the bottom of P5 the company has achieved a rejuvenation of the F5 series through complementary products such as 1618 and other low-five-food fluids, as well as a low-level shift in product price positioning, which can also help the public to re-establish a tactical and continuous occupation of the lower vacuum price belt following the P5 price increase.
(4) 501 Redefining super-high brands, leading the company to the top of the classic five-food fluids, which in 2019 launched a limited version of the 501-five-food fluid super-high-end brand, which has been developed through workshops, cellar pools, and a strictly selected brewer, who has created "the well-known pool."
As one of the future strategic brands, we believe that the value of the company’s super-high-end 501 brands is: (1) to reaffirm that the quality of the company has reached yet another peak, reshaping the product for the company at the super-high-end.
Value expression, re-leading companies in the rise of high-end brand image; (2) and further opening up the price ceiling for high-end products in the company's future long-term development planning, pre-bunking for subsequent high-end product price increases The wine "4+4" matrix focuses on three principles, effectively improving the weakness of brands, etc.
Faced with the weak branding of a series of wines, in recent years the company has been rebuffing multiple brands and has introduced three principles of focus, namely, to “nuclear brands, to own brands, to focus on medium- and high-value brands”, and the development of ideas for “strong self-contained brands, to make big regional brands, to make excellent general distribution brands”, in an effort to highlight and forge national strategies.
Big monoliths and regional priority products have re-formed the brand matrix of the wine series "4+4". They include springs, ol, edibles, four large national singles, and five food households, hundred dinners, friends, brands and products, which have been further reduced by about 80%, and wine series to self-employed, medium-high-priced, high-quality brands.
Figure 20: Four Singles of the Wine Series - Five Food Springs, Five Foodsols
Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Four-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-S-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-S-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-S-S-S-S-Fly-S-S-S-S-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-S-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-
We believe that, as the company's brand image is thin and the lines of products are shrinking in recent years, it has focused its limited resources on core products, helping it to re-engineer its brand values and scarcity, while at the same time being very large.
It also helps companies to eliminate problems such as over-competitive intra-distributors ' resources due to the blind diversification of their products. It is extremely beneficial for companies to plan their development in the long term, and it is possible to achieve: (i) a recovery in overall high-end brand value, which gives companies a greater market premium capacity, and (ii) a stronger impact on the company ' s future profits.
Building foundations, (3) continuous improvement in the company's ability to grow its value in the future. 4.2 Marketing reforms continue to deepen, and channels are improved significantly.
In the marketing model, the five grains are divided into seven major marketing centres at the national level: North China, East China, South China, China, South West, North West, North East. Since 2018, companies have been moving from a “brand management model” to a “horizontal specialization of headquarters”, a “regional management model” of marketing, which will be preceded by vertical flattening of the region.
In 2019, the main brand was further planned for 21 marketing zones and 60 marketing bases, establishing a provincial-based market capacity, market potential, competitive dynamics, and a single or multi-provincial marketing area. In addition, the headquarters function completed the reform of the Department of Enterprise.
Move headquarters functions forward, sink headquarters functions and resources into marketing areas, and align them more closely with the flat-down management module in marketing theatres, thus achieving precision and quick response to the market.
In the past, corporate channels suffered from imperfect profit distribution and uneven returns from large and small businesses, resulting in the loss of profits from the entire channel, and a lack of confidence on the part of distributors. Since the eighth generation of classic five grain fluids came on the market, the company has introduced a “discretionary” business model: product-carrying, increased brand market input, price plates, palettes, demand.
In recent years, there has been a steady increase in the control of channels and their operation.
The efficiency gains have been sustained, the profit margins of the channels have increased, and they have contributed to a steady increase in the price base of the five batches. First Shanghai Securities Company Ltd. has made significant efforts to develop modern marketing and improve the structure of distributors.
Since 2017, the company has been engaged in the “Many Shops in hundreds of cities and cities, thousands of priority districts and thousands of core marketing terminals, including specialized stores, flagship shops, and socially influential end-of-sales, to make the transition from traditional marketing to modern marketing terminals. In addition, in recent years, the company has expanded its lines.
The new marketing model, such as the DUI and the group purchase, has accelerated the development of innovative channels. The company’s high-quality terminal system has been continuously improved, helping it to upgrade its overall consumer service and branding experience and, to a large extent, to build bridges directly with the market.
In 2021, the company continued to optimize the channel of the five grains brand, further professional expansion of the country’s eight highland markets and 14 priority municipalities, and networked nearly 30,000 social terminals, adding high-quality terminals 7,300, optimized low-quality terminals 1,600, and further improved overall end quality.
Corporate terminals reached a total of 665,000, an increase of 52.5% over the same period, and the integration of the supply chains of the series and the five-food channels is steadily advancing. With regard to innovative channels, in 2021 the company steadily built its official flagship shop and continued to deepen its engagement with the national mainstream.
The strategic collaboration of the company platform has led to a new increase in costs by experimenting with new models for the sale of content live feed platforms, such as tremors. On the other hand, the company acquisition network has been further refined, with a total of nearly 30,000 visits to priority enterprises, nearly 70% of them grouping over the year, and the overall acquisition and innovation channels have been expanding.
The Division's overall performance in the development of innovative channels has been better than expected, with different types of channels developing to varying degrees, market sensitivity and effective regulatory order, long-term interests of companies and conduits being in circulation, companies having been fully digitalized since their second start-up, and deep collaboration with ibm established in 2017.
And, on the occasion of the upgrading of the eighth generation of classic five-grade food fluids, a full-scale digital scavenging system was introduced, with a full-scale system of box, bottle, three-yard, layer scavenging in the cover, digitizing the distribution management system, leading to large data collection for end-end and consumer, and deepening the market dynamics of the company. At the same time, digitalization was advanced.
Construction will also lead to more transparent and regulated distribution channels for companies, largely preserving market order and the interests of distributors and end consumers. Effectively enhancing the efficiency of marketing to their distributors will also lead to long-term growth in the common interest of companies and channelers in a pro-cyclical direction.
The first Shanghai Securities Co. Ltd. 4.3 boosts production capacity to create a long-term advantage in high-quality alcohol production, starting with the first phase and second phase of the eco-breeding project. The company will start construction in 2021.
20,000 tons of pure-food solid-state fermented white wine, which is expected to start production in 2023, and the remaining 100,000 tons in the lead-up to the project. On this basis, we expect total production of the next 5 grains to exceed 320,000 tons, while the company ' s high-quality alcohol production capacity continues to expand, increasing its annual capacity to produce high-quality alcohol series products and upgrading the overall future.
While guaranteeing the stability of the future supply and quality of high-end liquor, the success rate has also ensured that, in the face of a continuing upward trend in the structure of the industry ' s market, the company ' s dominant brand of wine products will be able to enjoy the competitive advantages of the product power barrier over the long term.
The impact of corporate “secondary entrepreneurship” on corporate performance has been particularly significant, with a gradual improvement in the external environment, such as the gradual recovery of the white and white industry in China, and an effective boost in the prices of high-end five-food liquid products represented by the company.
The overall efficiency of operations has improved significantly, and performance has re-entered into the fast-growing lanes, creating a stronger all-embracing competitive advantage for the market of the five grain companies.
5.1 The development plan for the White Liquor industry is nearly doubled, and the underlying trend is strong. In the industry, the overall development plan for the 14th Five-Year White Liquor industry shows the high level of structural growth in the industry, which is expected to be nearly doubled in five years, i.e., a combination of double-digit and above-digit annual growth planning, so we're...
And, with the development of key indicators nearly doubled by the end of the 14th century, the big industry has developed a positive vision for the future, with a high level of confidence in it. The overall white industry is growing strongly, providing a clear picture of the future of white wine.
At the corporate performance level, because of the above-mentioned series of brand collage, product structure, and product structure, the company’s “1450” sword is a source of confidence.
A number of reforms, such as optimisation, expansion of production capacity, and improved marketing of channels, were initiated at the end of the “13th Five” period, with a significant boost in overall alcohol income between 2017 and 2020, and the release of brand returns.
At the beginning of the 14th Five-Year Plan, the company has set the 14th Five-Year Target on the basis of opportunities for industrial innovation. These include: 1) 120,000 tons of original wine, 220,000 tons of total white wine production capacity, 1 million tons of raw wine storage capacity, which will continue to be the leading national wine storage base; 2) 8th Generation Five-Year Grain
The single item maintains its annual delivery of 20,000 tons; the classic five-food fluids reach out to 10,000 tons; and) the liquor owner sells over $100 billion, which, according to the company ' s above-mentioned plans, will continue to improve high-quality production, increase the production of famous wine, and improve the product system.
For the next five years on average, the first Shanghai Securities Company, Inc., whose sales revenue is divided into two segments, mainly five-fried liquid products and a series of alcohol products, of which five are public products.
Some 77% of those entering. We make a major analysis of the company’s core five-food liquid product series, looking at the company’s medium- and long-term multi-dimensional development vision and considering that the company has the potential to achieve short- and medium-term goals beyond its expectations, and are divided into the following: from an industry’s point of view, disruptions, such as recurring epidemics, have in the short term either put a strain on the domestic or foreign economic environment.
But the trend towards higher and higher net disposable income for the country as a whole remains, so we judge that in the future there will be no change in the trend towards a higher-quality concentration of the overall white and wine consumption market, and that core brand core values such as slogans, values, origins, etc. are not replicable for the long term.
The barriers to development are extremely high. Moreover, because of the high-end white products, which are generally extremely scarce in terms of production and historical prices, in addition to the need to consume, they also give high-end white products certain social and financial attributes that extend to more diversified consumption purposes. We therefore believe that the overall high-end white wine industry is short, medium, long.
At the company level, the long-term plan for the five grains creates a better distribution system, under which the overall distribution channels are expected to become more active, and sales capacity development on both sides tends to be positive. Moreover, as the company continues to move forward, it is likely that it will be better.
In the direction of opinion leaders ' services, increased corporate client development, improved group purchasing and support service systems, and improved marketing management capacity in digital camps, it can be expected that the company’s future consumer groups, which focus on high-end conglomerates, will also grow gradually, thus raising the firm foundation for its overall marketing development.
High-end white-head tickets, which are stable, are expected to continue to be released at a time of high industry volatility and market acceleration towards head branding, and super-high-end classic five-food fluids, which are expected to yield effective additions to the corporate strategic focus, driving the company’s overall future sales as well as its market share to rise steadily.
In terms of sales, the increased demand for high-end white wine in the consumer market in the industry will also lead to a more and more significant premium for the overall high-end product. We are constrained by the objective conditions of the industry’s high-end white wine production, which is grossly inadequate.
Determining the likely future supply and demand of high-quality wine will maintain a very tense relationship, so that the premium capacity of top-level liquor companies, such as the Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Fly-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-F-A-Five-A-A-A-Five-A-Five-Five-A-A-Five-Five-A-Five-Five-F-F-F-F-F-Five-Five-A-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-Five-A-A-A-Fly-A-F-F-F-F-Five-Five-F-F-F
The price of the industry has risen significantly in recent years as the price of the market has continued to rise and, to some extent, has opened a wider price increase for the five grains that follow and for the old cellars in the state of Chenzhou.
According to our market research, the company ' s combined Phuvan RMB has now been raised to $969 in the near future, and feedback from market sales during the spring of 2022 shows that the P-5 price increases have kept up with positive returns. In addition, it is also expected that the faster release of high-end products, such as classic five-food fluids, will be driven by the product structure.
The company’s average sales price has continued to rise, thus raising the overall Māori ratio. In the long run, its high-end brand power has been largely restored after effective changes in its second entrepreneurship, and its quality high-end brand image has been further consolidated, and its brand premium capacity will be strengthened in the future.
Large, and thus feedback on the potential for firm average future sales prices to increase steadily over the long term. (3) Annual marketing summary reports in future performance projections show that corporate sales revenue, market share, product marketing, top marketing
The indicators, among others, have been above expectations, laying a good foundation for the 14th round. Moreover, according to our market regulations, the overall rate of lending by distributors during the spring season of 2022 was slightly higher than we had previously expected, as can be seen from the relatively limited impact of the outbreak in some parts of the country, with companies showing stronger demand for rigid consumption in the high-end white wine market.
We therefore believe that the firm ' s high level of certainty, achieved in 2022, has set a good start to the year ' s performance growth, and that it is expected that the impact of repeated internal outbreaks on the overall market sales of the five grain fluids will also be higher in the long run than in the longer term, and we believe that the company ' s core product is priced along with the growing middle- and high-income circle of China.
Group trends are largely consistent, consumer purchasing power is strongly supported over the long term, and long-term high-quality production patterns in the white and wine industry are extremely beneficial for companies in positioning their core products. As firms continue to strengthen their strategies of fine-tuning their channels, implementation of pipeline inventories, and price regulation, companies’ future growth in the long term is highly certain.
In a combination of the above analysis, we appreciate that the company will be able to achieve a “volume up” in the future from three different cycles in the long term.
The benefits of camp development are being released faster, the legacy of history is being resolved, and the company as a strong fragrance of high-end white wine, and the company is expected to continue to gain full market share in the process of increasing the value of its products, improving its channels, and digitizing it. We therefore believe that future growth in the company’s performance gives very high growth certainty and some.
Long-term sustainability of corporate leadership in the industry. Falling short of an effective breakthrough of $1,000+; 2) Batch prices for core products close to the prices of the plant, with lower short-term profits from the pipeline; 3) Classic five liquid market acceptance still to be improved; 4) corporate management teams facing adjustments or causing
As of 18 February 2022, the company had issued a Board of Directors announcement, declaring that it had served as Secretary, Chairman of the Committee of the Five Grains Group, Secretary of the Committee of the Five Grains Group, Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Committee of the Five Grains Group; Zou Tao as Deputy Secretary of the Committee of the Group of Five Foods and Liquids, to be proposed as General Manager of the Group of Five Grains; Jiang Wenger as Deputy Secretary of the Committee of the Group of Five Grains and Liquids; and former Chairman Li Sun-gwang as no longer responsible.
Since the current leadership team has many years of experience in the group and has a strong understanding of the white wine market and corporate governance, we expect that the leadership of the successor company will be better equipped.
With stability, speed, and better passage, the market's concerns about the operational uncertainty associated with the restructuring of its personnel will come to the product side, and we believe that the company was in a period of transition to management, resulting in a large shipment volume in 2021, insufficient speed control and market regulation, leading to instability in the price of core products.
Given that the core market position of the company ' s five grains brands in the 1,000-dollar price band is hard to shake, and that, with internal personnel changes on the ground, we believe that corporate governance cohesion is expected to be restored rapidly, and that measures such as control firm prices and fine management of channels are expected to follow, and that a breakthrough of 1,000+ in the future of the five batches is expected to be achieved.
In addition, we expect that after the company's restructuring, strategies such as the promotion of high-end products such as classic five-food fluids and strategic transformation of alcohol products will be more effectively channelled into decision-making and eventually public goods.
The overall performance of the Division will be catalytic in the future, with the first Shanghai Securities Company Ltd. (1) expanding new channels less than expected;
(ii) Reform of traditional channels is not as expected; (iii) price control of the five batches is not as good as expected; (iv) classic five fluids are not as popular as expected;
(5) The series of wines is not combing as expected; (6) food safety or product quality issues.
First Shanghai Securities Co. Ltd. February 2022 First Shanghai Securities Co. Ltd.
First Shanghai Securities Co. Ltd., 71 Hong Kong Mid-End Avenue, 19th floor of the Young-Ann Group Building.
The contents, information, data, tools and materials contained in this report are provided to you for reference purposes only, not as an invitation or offer or as an offer to sell or purchase securities or other financial instruments, or as an investment proposal for any person. You shall not rely on anything in this report.
The content of this report does not take into account the investment orientation, financial situation or any special needs of individual investors.