It is recommended (for the first time) that annual operating income of 28,57.1 million yuan be realized, an increase of 2.27 per cent over the same year; that it be attributed to listed companies and 6,469 million yuan in net profits of shareholders of listed companies, an increase of 34.45 per cent over the same year.
The company's annual heating and air conditioning revenue was $12,215 million, an increase of 1.3 per cent over the year, the share of the air-conditioning market in the on-line household, 35.9 per cent, ranking first, the share of the off-line domestic air-conditioning market, company basics (update)
Billion dollars, 4% more than the same year, of which small households have performed well on the electricity line, most of the food, electromagnetic stoves, heaters, drinking water, etc. are ranked first, and the ice box line is ranked second. Robots and automated business revenue are ranked second.
21.589 billion yuan, or 14.3 per cent more than the previous year, is due mainly to the global spread of the epidemic, as a result of the closure of some of the Kuka clients’ production operations.The price of raw materials rose at the end of 2020, adding to the trend of the global epidemic.
In the long run, the company may be expected to recover to pre-epidemiological levels by pushing new price increases to lower the pressure to move up the cost. • Multi-equity incentive schemes are parallel to the drive for long-term development.
Don't publish the eighth stock options incentive scheme, the 2021 restricted equity incentive scheme, the seventh equity holding scheme of the United States Group Global Partnership and the fourth equity holding scheme of the United States Group Business Partnership, involving 1901 members.
Technology staff and middle and senior management, 147 senior managers, 15 CEOs, and 44 core managers. We believe that the announcement of this large-scale stimulus plan will facilitate the consolidation of corporate management and core technical staff, and the alignment of interests with each other.
This report is produced by Chinese securities and is intended only for customers of Chinese securities. The company will not receive this report from recipients.
But there is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information. We have tried to report it objectively and fairly, but the information in the report and the views expressed in it do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, and the information, opinions and opinions do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financial position and specific needs of the persons who were taken from the report and do not at any time constitute an individual to anyone.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial status and specific needs.