May 10th, 2021 Wei Hongmei.
The company started the first round of repurchases this year in February, and as of 2 April, the company had accumulated a repurchase of shares in one round. The company's large-scale repurchase of shares was intended for equity incentives or employee-holding schemes, side-by-side.
Reflecting the company’s confidence in its future operations. This round of buy-backs did not significantly boost stock prices, mainly due to market concerns about the continuing rise in prices of raw materials upstream of domestic electricity.
Roe(ttm) has increased significantly, affecting the profits of home-based electricity companies.
A price adjustment for some household electricity products has begun in March, and the company’s profitability is expected to gradually start a new round of repurchases in 2021, once again highlighting its firm belief in the future. With the firm growth of the company, performance in 2020, as a result of the epidemic, is still on the rise.
The share of China’s market has risen to varying degrees, with a significant increase in the total channel share of household air conditioning in the core category, which is close to 36% online and ranked first on the net. The stock price side, after spring festival, is subject to a capital test. On May 10, the company maintained the secondary market.
On the basis of a combination of business performance, prospects for business growth, the financial position of the company, and future profitability, it was decided to repurchase the shares, which would be cancelled, thereby reducing the registered capital of the company. At the same time, the holdings of the shareholders in the company are in the hands of the United States.
This shows the firm’s and its shareholders’ confidence in investors and the positive signals they send to the market. The American conglomerates are looking to the future, gaining long-term advantages through strategic layouts.
In addition, the company actively expanded its business layout. Since the fourth quarter of 2020, the company has accelerated the business expansion of the Tob plate. In November 2020, the company acquired the Toni technology, the server operations support, and the robotics business. In December 2020, the company acquired the King of the King ' s elevator and the smart building industry.
Synergy: In February 2021, the company acquired ownership of the Vandong Medical Sector, moved into the medical industry, and developed in conjunction with the company’s robotics business. Although the expansion period has led to a slight decline in the overall Māori rate, the technology, intelligence, digitization, iotification can make the company more successful in the future.
Investment proposals: The company is a techno-group of consumer appliances, heating and air conditioning, robotics and automated systems, intelligent supply chains (logistics) that adheres to product innovation, diversified business layout, and a combination of the “market index” reference points of this rating system, which is 300 index depths.
This report is presented independently and objectively, and to the best of their knowledge, in a professional and diligent manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, and asset management companies. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.