In the first three quarters of 2018, the combined operating income of companies increased by 13.08 per cent; total profits amounted to $3.989 billion, compared to the same period in the previous year.
According to the company’s preliminary statistics, the cumulative output of the company’s power plants in China during the first three quarters of 2018 was 3,26,755 million kilowatt-hours (kWh) per consolidated statement, an increase of 11.04 per cent over the same period; the volume of electricity sold was 3,07,819 million kWh, an increase of 11.04 per cent over the same period. In the third quarter of 2018, the company’s operational power plants in China completed 1,16,489 million kWh per consolidated statement.
Growth, particularly in the tertiary sector and residential electricity, has been sustained by double-digit growth; the increase in the number of hours spent on electricity has been greater in the provinces of Fujian, Guangdong and China: the increase in wind power, photovoltaic and gas units has contributed to the growth of electricity generation. In the first three quarters of 2018, the average price of electricity per operating power plant in the company in China was 417.12 yuan/megawatt hours, an increase of 1.99 per cent. The increase in electricity production and settlement prices has contributed to a 13.08 per cent increase in the company’s revenues in the same year.
\triangleright yuan/tonne) has risen: on the other hand, due to changes in the company ' s fuel structure in the third quarter, the share of coal in the first half of the year was 57 per cent (53 per cent in the first quarter and 61 per cent in the second quarter), while the share in the third quarter fell to 53 per cent, the share in the spot coal trade increased and the overall cost of fuel increased.
Loss of impairment of assets and reduced return on investment have resulted in a decrease in net return to the mother. In the third quarter of 2018, companies realized a net return to the mother - $140 million, a lower than expected level.
In addition, the loss of foreign investment in foreign exchange also has a negative impact on corporate profits. The value of coal tap investment shows that the size of the installed engine will expand further.06.
Middle Report: Power Generation and Power \triangleright (600011.sh): Currently, the company is mainly under pressure for coal, but with the implementation of demand-side coal control measures and the release of high-quality production capacity from the supply end coal, the price of coal is reasonable.
In addition, on October 17, the company announcement was published in public, with a total of 498 million shares and a total of 3260 million dollars raised for new investment projects in Sinda Securities. When the project is completed, the company will have 800 megawatts of heat and heat power installed, 500 megawatts of wind power installed, fire power and heat power installed.
Itd 1650 megawatts, the size of the company will expand further to boost the growth of the harvest.
Profit forecasts and ratings: Due to the fall in corporate investment returns, rising coal prices, and rising revenue projections in the third quarter, we lower corporate profitability projections, and we anticipate corporate risk factors: coal market risk, electricity volume risk, electricity price risk, environmental policy risk, interest rate risk. \triangleright
The Charcoal, Gas Industry Chains, special studies on fertilizer, agrochemicals, textile chemicals, fine-cheming intermediates, and new energy sources, car light quantification, methanol economy, carbon emissions. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy, which has been approved by the CSRC. This report is produced and published by the Sindha Securities. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers, with strict mutual agreement on rights and obligations. This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not addressed to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of securities or investment objects should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. At different times, or through the use of different assumptions and criteria, different perspectives and analytical methods have led to the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which special notice may not be given.