Revenue end price rises and performance reverses pending a fall in coal prices - 3-quarterly review by HCI (600011), 2018 3-quarter report released by HCI, which achieved 125,989 million operating revenues in the first 3 quarters
In terms of electricity generation, the average price of electricity settled online in the previous three quarters was $417.12/megawatts.
At that time, the increase was 1.99 per cent in the same year; of this, the average price increase in the Internet access settlement was $8.23/megawatt-hours in the third quarter, while the price differential for electricity marketized transactions continued to shrink or was the main factor in the increase in the price of the Internet link.
The three-quarter Māori rate has fallen and the cost side has remained high. National electricity prices have remained high overall in the first three quarters, with 4.76 per cent higher than in the same period last year, affected by increases in coal prices and power generation, and 12.48 per cent higher operating costs in the previous three quarters than in the previous quarter.
Changes such as Zhang Tai Yong’s net return on investment have had a greater impact on performance, and the reversal of performance is subject to a fall in coal prices. With the impact of corporate investment in the last three quarters, the company will achieve a 12.21% increase in net profits attributable to shareholders in its parent company, with a steady increase in profits.
Long. In the long run, with the release of new coal production capacity and increased rail capacity, coal supply easing will bring the price of moving coal back to the green zone, so that the company’s performance is expected to reverse.
On the 15th floor of the Central China Sea International Center, 1,000th Hengsheng Da, Lujiang Gate Road, and Fukuda District, Fukuwa 6th tax-free.
China (Sichuan) Free Trade Experiment (Sichuan)
The client of the company (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) does not regard the recipient as a client and not a reader who has no business relationship with the company.
This report is based on information that the company considers reliable and published, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of such information.
The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which can be changed at any time without notice. At different times, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.
The company is not obliged to update all recipients of this report on the basis of analytical comments or trade views that are inconsistent with the report, based on different assumptions, research methods, instant dynamic information, and market performance. The information contained in this report may be modified without notice.
This view, the recommendation, does not take into account the specific purpose of the investment, financial position and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, and does not at any time constitute a recommendation for private investment in the client. Based on the company ' s Risk Level Assessment Management for Products or Services, a study on the value of listed companies is consulted with the opinion of a professional finance consultant.
This report and the performance of the company’s future relevant studies.