Utility International (600011) Impairment of assets and a decline in investment returns leading to a decline in performance
In a single quarter, the income of the third quarter increased by 9 to 43.6 billion yuan, while the net profit of the third quarter fell by 107 to 140 million yuan.
Net non-mortality profits fell 114 to -170 million yuan on a year-on-year basis. In the first, second and third quarters of 2018, the main reason for the significant decline in net return profits in the third quarter was the impairment of assets and investment of 11.3 per cent, mainly due to the decline in average Internet access prices (average Internet access prices in the first half of the year and the first three quarters of the year).
The price of coal increased slightly (in the second and third quarters the price of new electricity was confirmed to be ready for a drop in the price of new electricity.The cumulative total of electricity generated by the company's operating power plants in China during the quarter was 326,755 million on a combined statement.
In the first three quarters of 2018, the company had an average online settlement price of $417.12/megawatts, an increase of 1.99 per cent. In the third quarter of 2018, the company had a combined statement of power plants operating in China.
The number of kilowatt-hours per caliber of electricity produced increased by 8.27 per cent in the same year; the volume of electricity sold slowed down by 10,520 million watt-hours of downstream demand, sufficient stocks of coal stored in the winter, and a fall in coal prices is expected to increase the performance of the Gear Power Company. 1) Fire and Power is growing at a slower rate per month: in 2017, it increased by 4.6 per cent in the same year; in the first three quarters of this year, it increased by 4.6 per cent.
The increase in electricity generation in September was 4.6 per cent per month, compared to the first increase of less than 5 per cent since March. 65 per cent of the power-driven coal consumption structure was used for power generation. As a result, the increase in power generation could be reduced to a much lower level than the demand for power coal.
Coal prices are expected to fall: in October of this year, the average coal stock of the six major power-generating groups was 15.18 million tons, an increase of 51% from the previous year. Currently, Qin Island’s 5,500 kcal power flats cost 670 yuan/tonne, and the monthly ring’s increase: the company is a company with a fire power on the market, and the price of coal has performed in a very flexible manner, with a first increase in coverage.
The company is one of China’s largest publicly traded companies, with modern technology and equipment, and with domestic and foreign funds, to develop, build and operate large-scale productions throughout the country.
Power plants. Power plants in the company are widely distributed in China’s 18 provinces, cities, and autonomous regions; the company owns a full-fledged company in Singapore to transport electricity. For the first time in China, the company has introduced 600,000 kW of “supercritical” generators; it owns the Chinese energy plant, which is the country’s first national multi-watt supercritical power plant to run commercially; and it has built the country’s power plant.
The first digital multi-kW supercritical coal combustion unit in China; the first one in the world to use seawater dehydration and sulfur million kW. The company was the country’s first power generation company to be listed in New York, Hong Kong and Shanghai. The company was also involved in the nuclear power company Chinastone Bay, Hainan Nuclear Power Company Ltd., marking the company’s entry into the nuclear power sector.
In 2016, coal prices rose from the bottom to the bottom, resulting in a certain decline in the company’s net return profit in 2016 and 2017.
Two assets are considered to have lost value, investment returns have declined and performance has declined in the third quarter. The cumulative total of 326,755 million kilowatt-hours of electricity generated by the company's operating power plants in China on a combined statement basis increased by 1.99 per cent in the third quarter of 2018, with an average of 417.12 yuan/megawatt-hours of electricity settled online.
The company’s running power plants in China have been able to produce 116.489 million kilowatt-hours (kWh) of electricity on a consolidated basis, an increase of 8.27 per cent over the same year; The current level of coal purchases by the president of the company is more than 60 per cent, effectively matching the risk of price volatility. From recent years, the company’s coal mining of tons has been increasing with the company’s increased capacity.
Between 2015 and 2017, coal purchases were 63.12 million tons, 51.4 million tons and 106.97 million tons, respectively, of which, in 2017, the company increased its share of coal purchases in order to ensure the stability of fuel purchases, resulting in an increase of 108.11 per cent over the same period in coal purchases. Market purchases were 67.44 million tons, 80.2 million tons and 60.99 million tons, respectively, during the same period.
In terms of purchasing prices, the rapid rise in coal prices since the second half of 2016 has been affected by the fact that in recent years there has been a year-on-year increase in unit prices for coal and municipal coal purchases: in 2015-2017, 401.90 ton, $416.23 to $12.6 billion in revenue per year, 29.3 per cent to $1.99 billion in net profit for the mother and 1.99 billion in net profit for the non-mother.
The fall in the lubricant ratio between 4.4% and 1.76 billion yuan. According to the data for the single quarter, income for the third quarter increased by 9% to $43.6 billion on a year-on-year basis, and the large decline in net profit from the third quarter of the company’s return to the mother was due mainly to the impairment of assets and the decline in return for investment.
Financial costs, impairment of assets and losses increased by 120 million yuan; investment returns decreased by 410 million yuan. New electricity in the third quarter confirmed stock price decline preparedness. The decline in performance in the second quarter was due mainly to a decline in average Internet access prices (0.4236 and 0.4186 per cent, respectively, in the first quarter and the first half of this year).
Downstream demand slowed, storage stocks were adequate, and the fall in coal prices was expected to increase the company’s performance. 1) The monthly increase in electricity generation from fire power slowed: 4.6 per cent in 2017 and 6.9 per cent in the first three quarters of the year. In terms of the monthly increase, electricity generation from fire power increased 4.6 per cent in September and fell below 5 per cent for the first time since March of this year.
In the coal-consumption structure, 65% of the power is used for power generation. Therefore, the increase in power generation from fire power can be much lower than the demand for coal power. 2) The power plant completes its storage stock early in the winter and coal prices are expected to fall back: in October this year, the average coal stock of the six major power-generating groups reached 15.18 million tons, an increase of 51%.
This represents a 7.4 per cent increase and a 7.2 per cent decrease over the same period. The division is a company with a fire and electricity market, with a strong elasticity in the return of coal prices.pb is in a reasonably low position among comparable companies in the industry, with the first coverage given as an “enhanced” rating.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.