MSRD (603986) Electronic storage of platform-wide expansion giants, Southwest Securities Research and Development Center
• The storage chip lead, mcu core: Micro-Innovation is a leading domestic store chip and micro-controlr lead business to store +lot strategic layouts, working on the creation of the country’s only storage chip full-scale company. Not with intelligent industry manufacturing (industrial 4.0), artificial intelligence (ai) and object networking (iot)
In the absence of future market growth, the company’s products are widely used in various areas such as handheld mobile terminals, consumer-type electronics, personal computers and peripherals, telecommunications equipment, medical equipment, auto electronics, and industrial control equipment.
A strong rise in emerging areas, and a relaxation of the application landscape has given rise to a new growth momentum in noorflash, with the oasis of innovation in the low volume of noorflash worldwide, number three, and the middle and high end of the net is about to break out.
As a core zero component of the object network, it benefits from a wave of the product network, which is expected to be 12% for the next five years in the Chinese market.
32bitmcu leads the company, which buys 1.7 billion people to interact with Slim, and Slim promises to realize a net profit of at least $320 million in 2018-2020. By the end of 2018, Slim had already taken a heavy weight into the dram track, and the whole platform's prototype was now in place.
With a market size of $72 billion in 2017, the demand for drambit will continue to grow at a rate of 20% in the next four years. Deram, agglomerations of innovation combined with fertilizer, delivered ahead by the end of 2018, with 10% of the positive rate of optimism, with a market share of about 8% of the highest postpartum capacity, and hundreds of billions of drams in the blue sea.
It's a magnified sea of stars. 1. Mt. Innovation (603986): Star Fire to Store Auto-Innovation (2019-02-24)
Micro-commitment risks of less than expected performance: dram's good rate of research and development and the risk of less than expected profitability: 1 trillion dollars of easy innovation: building a full platform for storing chips and leading the future of national production storage.
1.1 The semiconductor industry’s flagship, domestic storage of scarce targets, was created in Beijing in 2005 as a China-based global chip design company. The company contributed to the design and development of various storage, control, and peripheral products, and was tested in 2007 by the national integrated circuit design firm.
In October 2008, the company sent a sample of China’s first serial flash product, which, thanks to its outstanding market performance, was awarded a “China ricket's Best Market Table” for three consecutive years, in 2010, 2011 and 2012, and the firm was rated as “a significant industrial contributor to major scientific and technological achievements”, “Innovation pilot enterprises”, “Excellent”
In 2017, the company joined forces to produce products, cut into the area of dram, and started a 19nm memory (including drams, etc.) research and development project. The mega-innovation has branches in several countries and territories in mainland China (Beijing/Yung Yu/Sian/Shanghai/Hyun), Hong Kong, Taiwan, South Korea, the United States, Japan, the United Kingdom, etc.
The network is global and strategic in partnership with a number of world-renowned crystal-crystal, seal-testing plants to provide high-quality, accessible localized support services to clients. In April 2019, companies invested $300 million in remunerative claims for silicon sorghums, and in May, companies acquired 100% of Slim’s shares through a private distribution of shares.
Figure 1: Mono-renovation history: storage of the whole chip platform, full coverage of mainstream applications: Mono-renovation as a leading domestic flash chip design enterprise with major products spinorflash, 2dslcnandflash and 32bitmcu, currently heavy-pounded to action
The dram track is dedicated to building the country’s only storage chip-wide platform. As intelligent industrial manufacturing (industrial 4.0), artificial intelligence (ai) and object networking (iot) continue to lead to future market growth, corporate products are widely applied to hand-held mobile terminals, consumer electronics, personal computers and peripherals, networks, telecommunications equipment, medical equipment, office equipment, auto electronics and engineering.
There are various areas such as industry control equipment, where the equity structure is fragmented and the holding position is stable: Chairman Chu Il-ming holds 13.5% of his own shares, and he and the third shareholder Hong Kong Wins Fortune Ltd. are acting in concert, sharing 24.5% of the company’s shares and becoming the company’s holdings.
In August 2017, the company introduced strategic investor state funds and capital investments, which were transferred by agreement, and the shareholdings, which reached 10.9% and 5.3%, respectively, in the third quarter of 1818, becoming the second and fifth largest shareholders of the company. This large fund’s strategic equity holdings to the company helped to restructure the company’s equity structure and boost the production of the company’s products.
Focused chip design, built-in with outreach: To focus more on chip design, companies are increasingly dissipating and transferring subsidiaries that differ from the main business. At present, companies have 10 major equity participation subsidiaries, and the scope of operations is largely recombined.
Integrated circuit technology development, product processing and marketing, pooling of resources and energy in flash chip design operations, effectively serving as a sign of easy innovation in the main business. To further enrich the company’s product lines, and leverage the synergies of technology development, product types, customer channels, and supply chains, the company upgraded its position in the industry, and in January 2018, it promoted the acquisition of Shanghai.
E-Tech Ltd. has a 100% stake in e-Technology Ltd. Micro-innovation will result in cross-cutting corporate development based on endogenous development, through extended industry M&As. 1.2 Major camps are prominent and financially sound
Totals grew year by year, and the pace of growth remained steady: gains and progress in product research and development, changing supply and demand patterns, upgrading of the industry, a sign that income from easy innovation was growing year by year, and net return on maternity increased significantly. In 2017, the increase in the Māori rate was greater, compared with the increase in net profits, as a result of new product development, expansion of application areas and optimization of product structure.
125.3 per cent. In 2018, operating income was 2.25 billion yuan, or 10.7 per cent more than in the previous year; the net return to the mother was 410 million yuan, or 1.9 per cent more than in the same year.
The 2019q1 trillion easy-to-renovation net return profit was 40 million yuan, a decrease of 55.1 per cent in the same year, while the annual company store chip (mainly norflash) collected 1.84 billion yuan, representing 81.9 per cent of the revenue, and the business of mcu grew rapidly, with the ratio rising from 0 per cent to 18 per cent in just five years.
In terms of the percentage of revenue collected in sub-areas, the ratio of overseas receipts to 86.7% in 2018 was the main driving force behind the growth in corporate revenues. As foreign revenues are predominantly denominated in United States dollars, and exchange rate movements are uncertain, they are subject to a continued depreciation of the dollar in 2017, which makes it easier to innovate with larger exchange losses in 2017, delaying growth in performance.
The Māori rate has risen steadily and net interest rates have fallen slightly: the Māori rate, which augurs well for innovation, has risen steadily as the company's product lines have expanded, applications have expanded continuously and product structures have been optimized. In 2017-2018, the successful launch of the new product augured for a decline to 8.7 per cent, mainly due to the increased R&D investment in new products, the expansion of the R&D workforce and the improvement of the salaries of R&D staff.
Financial resources and the implementation of equity incentives have led to a significant increase in the cost of research and development: at the three rates, the cost of sales of promising innovations has remained relatively stable, and the financial cost has risen to 20.8 per cent of the year when the United States dollar was affected by the exchange rate of the renminbi.
In terms of sub-product Māori, the Māori rate of the Māori chip, which is a promising innovation, has continued its upward trend, rising from 19.0 per cent in 2011 to 37.0 per cent in 2018, due mainly to changes in the pattern of supply and demand of the flash chip. Māori rate of the Mcu operation, which is a promising innovation, has remained at a high level, with a Māori rate of 43.7 per cent in 2018.
In 2011-2018, cash flows for volatile business activities rose steadily, with the addition of companies in 2011 leading to a significant increase in the stock and capacity deposits for new products. Cash flows for operations in 2018 amounted to $620 million, an increase of 213.4 per cent, mainly due to a significant increase in product sales.
The client base is wide-ranging and more dependent on the crystal circle: according to the company ' s stock offer and the annual report, the top five clients of the magnified innovation are the Purple Group, Cream International, Commercial, Mediceksingaporepte and the Samsung Group, with 31.6 per cent of the sales of the top five clients by 2018. From a supplier ' s point of view, the company ' s top two major clients are:
The first five suppliers accounted for 84.4 per cent of total annual purchases. 1.34 core advantages in building China's top chip suppliers. Moi-Innovative is China's only global chip storage platform, with four core competitive advantages: R & D, R & D, R & D
Focusing on R & D and strengthening investment: in 2018, R & D investment in mega-revenue innovation amounted to 230 million yuan, an increase of 37.7 per cent compared to the previous year, with a yield of 10.2 per cent, and 2019q1, with a view to further improving the firm ' s core competitiveness, making it easier for innovation to increase R & D investment in new products.
Expanding the R & D workforce, improving the salaries of R & D personnel, and implementing equity incentives led to a significant increase in R & D costs by 91 persons and up to 66% of the number of R & D people.
Key areas of chip technology, such as mcu. Fables operations, focused on design: Micro-Innovation is a light-asset design company that uses the Fables model. Fables models refer to an integrated circuit design model for no-crystal production lines, where enterprises only design and sell integrated circuits.
The manufacture of the crystal circle, the encapsulation and testing of chips, etc., is completed by professional crystal manufacturing, encapsulation and testing enterprises, which directly procure the finished crystal round with the company’s design.In the case of idm, the equipment required for crystal manufacturing is invested as the level of the process of storing the chip continues to increase.
Increasingly, idm companies have built their own billions of dollars of crystalline production lines, sealing test lines, and if they fail to maintain high growth rates and higher market sizes, the huge maintenance costs and depreciations associated with high-value equipment will be a heavy financial burden. Meanwhile, idm enterprises lack flexibility, and once technological progress exceeds current production processes, the cost of new production lines will be enormous.
By contrast, the mega-innovation of the production model of the Fables can take full advantage of the entire domestic semiconductor industrial chain, so that companies can concentrate their efforts on the design and development of chips to ensure that they can be quickly adjusted and developed in a fiercely competitive market.
Excellent strategic planning: Moi-Innovative has an excellent management team, and its founder, Jo-Iming, has an excellent strategic planning capability. In 2007, in the wake of the financial crisis of 08, noorflash pioneers withdrew, promising new opportunities to successfully seize, layout noorflash and quickly open the market; in 2013, global storage chips were in the bottom line.
During the period, Mcu was successfully used to sustain the growth trend in corporate revenue and net profits; in 2014, it was easy to innovate in the development of hand-held Nand technologies and to achieve a significant increase in revenue during the 2017 storage upswing cycle; and in 2017, it began to deploy dram, leading to a zero breakthrough in national production, so that the prototype of the entire platform for the storage chip is now in place.
China’s vast consumer market, vast labour resources, and a well-developed industrial support system have gradually become the preferred region for global semiconductor industry transfers. As national product substitution has accelerated, domestic mcu manufacturers have become successful.
In addition, the Chinese government attaches great importance to self-sustaining storage development, which will be rejuvenated in policy, finance, etc.
2.1 The international leader is gradually withdrawing, and the niche stock is three-legged, and 2.1.1 the international leader is leaving the niche market in the field of noorflash: in 2017, the global storage market was only 4.3 billion dollars in size.
Less than 4%. Due to the small size of the nonflash market and the eruption of dram, nadflash demand, the international reservoirs have withdrawn from the middle- and low-end norflash market, producing or giving up high capacity in high Maori, or turning to dram and Nandfalsh.
Misight: Since Samsung withdrew from the noorflash market in 2010, there has been no absolute industry leader in noorlash. With the rise of noorflash manufacturers in mainland China and Taiwan, market competition has intensified, and the level of Māori in products has continued to decline, leaving noor economically inefficient in terms of productive capacity.
To focus heavily on the two main operations of dram and nand, the contraction of product lines focused on the development of dram and 3dnand storage units, the phase-out of medium- and low-capacity nor chip capacity since 2016, the conversion of 20,000 nor.8 in 2017 to 3dnand, and the gradual withdrawal of 12,000 lines of 12 inches of motor electronics and industrial control.
Cypress: Based on the deteriorating environment in the noor market, cypress also decided to step out of the lower-middle market, focusing on high-morigin vehicle-borne electronics and industrial control innorflash. In March 2017, cypress sold a crystallized factory in Minnesota, United States, which was used mainly for noor manufacturing, with a monthly capacity of 17,000. According to the noorflash market,
The cypress exit will result in a supply gap of between 10% and 20% of the low and medium capacity. Slcnand: the market size of the slcnand is roughly the same as that of the nor, and its market positioning, ecological environment, and nor.
Its Middle Eastern Elephant and Light opted out of 2dslcnd, with Samsung and Hercules expanding 3dtlcnand. 2dslc nand producers were mainly located in Taiwan and mainland China, and the international giants gradually withdrew.
On the demand side, the dynamic rise of emerging areas such as amoled, tddi, automobiles, industrial controls, and acoustics, and the expansion of the application landscape have made noorflash more demanding because of its high speed, stability, and longevity. There are rigid demands in certain areas where capacity is low and performance is high.
The penetration rate of amoled has continued to rise: amoled, known as the active matrix organicly glowing binocularly decent board, also known as the magic screen. Because of the light, colorful, low energy consumption and softness of the technology, it has been applied to high-end smarts, with three stars, Huayuan, Mi, oppo and Appleiphonex using amoled display techniques.
Noorflash is a brand for amoled smartphones: because of the high technical threshold of the amoled panel and the volatility of the same batch of products, amoled production is more difficult. At present, the panel manufacturer is mainly using the de-mura function to maintain the same output panel display quality consistency, while de-mura needs to store de-mura through the noorflash.
The mura function needs to be coded. In the Fullhd plant, there is a need to store it with 8bit norflash, while the qhd plant is required for 16bitnorflash products, so the demand for the amoled panel is bound to grow at the same time as demand increases.
The increase in the penetration rate of the smart machine amoled will lead to an increase in demand in mid-end norflash: according to idc projections, the global output of smartphones will continue to grow, reaching more than 1.6 billion in 2021, while the penetration rate of the smart machine will continue to rise, reaching 49.4 per cent by 2020, with 1,440 million smart machines arriving in 2018.
The penetration rate of amoled is 35.3 per cent, and the demand for norflash will reach 510 million, and by 2020 it will reach 750 million, an increase of 88.9 per cent over 2017.
Together, a thin-forming design with the advantages of raising sensitivity, extending longevity, streamlining the supply chain, and fully matching the development of a light and full-screened smartphone. tddi lifts up the demand to again lead to norflash: tddi integrates the touch control into driveic.
Because of the size of the tddiic code, it is not possible to integrate it into the tddiic, and it is necessary to store the torflash code for the tactile. For the norflash market, the market is growing in size and the tddiic market will also generate a significant incremental demand.
Upgrade, by 2020, there will be more than 550 million, and correspondingly, the demand for norflash will rise from 180 million car storages in 2017, and noorflash will take over: as cars become more intelligent, car storage will become more demanding, and every subsystem in an electronic vehicle will increase its requirements for storage, and more complex systems will be programmed as a result of the volume of programming.
Larger, external norflash is required to meet performance requirements. Noorflash is the preferred repository for high-performance car systems because of its advantages of immediate start-up, high heat tolerance, and up to 20 years of data retention time.
The advanced driving auxiliary systems (adas) generate a certain demand for noorflash. From normal cars, semi-automatic driving to fully automated driving, the number of car-mounted cameras has been raised from four to six, and the use of noorflash has increased exponentially. According to icinsights, the global caric market was $28 billion in 2017, with compound growth rates for the next five years.
More than 12%, at the highest rate of increase in downstream applications. According to cypress, the market dedicated to adas systemsnor is also expected to grow from US$30 million in 2016 to US$120 million in 2021, with a projected composite growth rate of 28%.
With the withdrawal of the big international players such as Light and Cypress, the supply-deprived stock (small capacity noorflash/2d slcnand) in 2017, the main producers in the market were left with only the continent’s oscillations of innovation and Taiwan’s magnanimous, Chinese electronics. Faced with the supply gap, companies expanded and seized the market.
Wang-Hun and Wa-bong electronics are subject to the Idm model, with smaller increases: Wang-Hun and Wa-bang-e-commerce are using the Idm business model, which covers the design, manufacture, encapsulation and testing of all the links of the integrated circuits, and the expansion of production requires huge sums of money to build the crystalline production line. According to Wang-Hun, the netflash of 10,000 new monthly production capacity will require more than 30 billion dollars in investment.
Companies are extremely cautious about expanding production. In 2017, the capacity of the 12 inch was increased from 20,000 to 24,000 units per month, and the capacity of the Chinese electricity production increased by only 0.2 to 0.4 million units per month, which is less than 9 per cent, compared to the size of about 90,000 units per month in the noorflash market, and is significantly lower than the 10 to 20 per cent supply gap created by the withdrawal of international dragons.
Table 3: In contrast to the cautious expansion of magnanimous, Wabang electricity, the change in industrial capacity of the nonflash plant has made it easier for innovation to take advantage of its fables, opting for a significant 10,000 units of capacity in 2018, if all used for the production of norflash, based on the current global noor storage capacity of about 90,000 units per month.
In the area of slcnand, MVI began production in 2017, and is still in the early stages, with a large 3dnand in the face of a large Nand factory, allowing 2dslcnand to enter more space. Meanwhile, in 2017, MVI became vulnerable, holding 1.0% of the shares, and this strategic entry provided support and assurance for the future development of innovation.
On the other hand, there has been a price reduction in the low capacity of noorflash up to 32 mb, the medium capacity of 64 mb is stable, the high capacity of 128 mb and above is still in short supply, and the price has increased, while the small capacity of slcnand has been or will continue to increase due to a continuing shortage of goods.
2.2 Solid-based storage, which is a precursor to high-end areas, is easily innovative as a leading domestic flash chip design firm, with products dominated by nonflash, slcnand, etc., and has gradually become a top player in the niche market as large plants fade out.
Low-end area for price swaps: in the noorflash product pattern, foreign and Chinese-Taiwan producers focus mainly on the medium-to-high end, and the omens are now mainly in the low-end area. In the short term, demand in low-end applications is not likely to decline significantly, and there is still much room for greater penetration of the oscillating innovation.
Cost cuts of 20-30% further boost competitiveness in low-end areas. Technology breaks into high-end areas, with performance growth in the future: low-end routes are not long-term, low-capacity noor gross interest rates are generally low, and low-end noor prices and profit margins will continue to decline in the long run.
At the same time, the low-end niche market began to move to medium- and high-end areas, expanding higher-capacity products and offering full-capacity product options ranging from 512 kb to more than 1 gb. Technology - product performance and capacity upgrading: the gap between promising innovation and top-noor manufacturers in terms of process processes
At present, the world’s cutting-edge process is 45 nm, China’s Taiwan manufacturer has 55 nm, and China’s Taiwan manufacturer has 65 nm. In terms of R & D progress, China’s Taiwan manufacturer is moving to 45-40 nm, and China’s remote innovation of 55 nm technology has broken through and has pre-positioned 45 nm process, which is expected to yield 45 nm by 2019.
In capacity, the company ' s main product capacity was 32mb and 64mb in 2017, and by 2018 q1 had made the transition to 64m and 128mb. By the first half of 2018, the high end of 512m capacity had been produced successfully, and the product had started to enter the middle and upper end.
The company’s 256m product has also been successfully used in horizon autopilot chips, and visible innovation is well established at the mid-to-high end. At present, it has been able to provide a slcnand product with a capacity of 32 gb, produced in 2017 at 38 nm, and is raising 24nm’s good quality, with a cutting-edge process of 14/10 nm.
In 2018, Slcnand began to grow, with a conservative estimate of 5,000 units per month at the end of the year, slightly lower than last year’s noor capacity, taking into account the similar Māori rate of two operations and the overlap of Slcnand with Noor’s client base, which is easy to use. Slcnand is expected to move on with Noorflash, becoming a new performance growth point.
3mcu benefits from downstream demand, M&As for micro-base humans interacting with 3.1 benefits network, caters for demand, supply of double profit mcu or microprocessor, commonly known as single-discpu, storage (ram and rom), multiple i/o interfaces, etc.
Integrated on a chip, it forms a chip-grade computer. As a "brain" of electronics, mcu is responsible for the processing and operation of data in electronics, and because of its high performance, low power consumption, programmable, flexibility, there are very broad applications in areas such as network communications, computers, auto electronics, caric cards, industrial controls, consumer electronics, etc.
mcu can be divided into generic and exclusive types by use, i.e. hardware and instructions are not based on a particular usage, different processing places represent different data silo widths and have different applications. Table 5: Uses of different mcu digits
Since 2015, Mcu’s downstream market network and auto electronics have developed at a high rate. The network covers the twin concepts of interconnectivity and macrodata artificial intelligence, whether small nodes for connection or perceptions of collecting and recording information.
As the core zero component of the object network and vehicle sensors, mcu’s demand is emerging and the market is growing rapidly. The market for mcu continues to expand: the global volume of mcu in 2017 increased by 22% on a year-on-year basis, receiving $16.8 billion.
Based on the widespread application of embedded systems, the increase in sensors and the heat of the applications of the object network terminals, it is expected that the volume of mcu will continue to grow steadily. According to the projections of cicinsights, the volume of mcu in 2019 will continue to grow at a high rate, reaching 34.2 billion, an increase of 11.8 per cent compared to the previous year, and the projected 9.3 per cent increase in revenue will reach $20.4 billion, with global mcu sales in five years.
China’s market has been growing at an accelerated rate of 12%: in 2017, China’s mcu sales reached 27.43 billion yuan, benefiting from China’s sustained economic growth and rapid growth in applications such as networking, emerging medical electronics, and new energy sources. According to the year ahead, China’s mcu market is about 54 billion yuan.
Series, Labsefm8 series, etc.). As the tasks of the Internet era became more complex, the demands on computing capacity increased, with consumer electronics accounting for 24.7% and 55.6% of the market share each year.
The highest share was in the field, 36.0%, and the car electronics market, 15.4%, ranked second. Large market spaces and the rise of home-grown consumer e-business provided an excellent environment for home-grown consumer e-business to grow.
Currently, global mcu applications are dominated by auto electronics and industrial controls, with global electronics and industrial controls accounting for 33% and 25%, respectively, in 2017. Given the extensive use of 32 mcu in auto safety and industrial control systems, the demand for 32 high-end mcu in the country is expected to continue to grow at a high rate.
3.1.2 Continued supply and demand stress, a decline in the asp, a re-engineering of the M&A pattern, and a fragmentation of the Länder market. Several large-scale M&As between the mcu major manufacturers began in 2015 to compete for market shares and a strong growth in the layout.
In sub-areas, market ownership reached 19%; Microchip completed its acquisition of atmel as the world’s third-largest mccu manufacturer, with market ownership rising to 14%; and cypress acquired its share of 4%. According to icinsights, the current market share of the world’s top eight mccu manufacturers is 88%, with a significant but not complete head concentration effect.
The global market of mcu has always been dominated by producers in Europe and America, Japan, and Taiwan, China, and has occupied 32 high-end mcu fields, especially auto-electronics, industrial control. Europe and America and Japan have been dominated by high-end products.
Among them are auto-electronics, industrial controls, computers, and networks: Taiwan-China businesses have greater power in consumer electronics, computers, and networking; and mainland China’s suppliers are generally small, focusing on low-end consumption of electronics.
The Mcu market’s long lead time: due to prudent strategic considerations or a contraction of production lines, moving to high-end, high-mori products, or merger restructuring to maintain product advantage, has led to a severe contraction in global mcu capacity, especially low-end production, and a steady increase in the delivery period. Since 2017, many Mcu manufacturers around the world have adjusted their delivery times to 14-16 weeks.
This mccu manufacturer has grown to nine months, and some have even temporarily sealed lists, with insufficient capacity to add up the price of raw materials, which is expected to run short until mid-2019. Full capacity, higher cost: 12 inches of silicon crystals have been available since 2017 and prices have increased seasonally, with prices rising from one year to the next.
The rise in demand, coupled with the short-term and massive expansion of the 8-inch crystal round workers, has left the overall capacity tight, with the price of the 8-inch silicon crystal round rising again in 2018. High-end mcu prices have risen, and the asp has slowed down: production capacity has been strained and costs have increased, and after 2018, mcu
The leading firm nxp announced a full price increase of 6% for mcu products, and the decline in mcu’s asp will be contained. According to icinsights, the average sales price for 2018-2022 will decline by -2.5% annually, well below that, if prices remain constant, the mcu business is expected to act as a powerful catalyst for the company’s performance growth this year.
3.2mcu, followed by a series of 32-bit generic mcu, based on the armcorpex-m3 core, was widely applied to industry and consumer-based embedded markets, filling gaps in related domestic areas and breaking the Euro-American monopoly.
Accurate market positioning: For mcu products, large overseas firms such as Risa, nxp, ti, and st now dominate, but promising innovation has made considerable progress in some areas of partial segmentation. Proximizingly innovative products are located in 32-bit mid-point markets, avoiding leading high-end markets abroad and highly competitive low-end markets.
Performance excellence: the company will expand its product lines along two directions: high performance and low power consumption; advance advanced processes and innovation in due course; integrate technology; continue to expand platform and software development; and provide clients with complete system programs and added value.
Product roll-out, which continues to maintain the leading edge of the m3 product market, while actively expanding the application ecology and integrating into the country’s main joint goods platform, provides a good basis for the development of subsequent product applications. Thanks to the two core advantages of positioning precision and performance excellence, the company’s mcu product has been continuously updated over the past three years, and business development has been rapid.
As China’s 32-digit mainstream option in the generic mcu, wide-ranging application of the 19 series of over 300 product model options has stabilized to the top of the market. And, given the decline in unit prices, Mcu’s Māori rate is stable, suggesting that size advantages and cost controls are constantly emerging.
The company’s products are currently assessing the development of 40nm manufacturing technology on a 55nm basis, further raising industry leadership. The company is also actively developing applications, planning and developing wireless mcu products in the face of demand for material networking, and developing and supporting micro-fi’s wireless connectivity.
Based on the above analysis, we believe that mcu, as the core of intelligent control, will benefit in the future from the growth of applications such as networking of goods, car electronics, etc., and that there is a great potential for development in the domestic mcu sector, especially 32 bits of mcu.
As a result, prices have fallen, and we expect to maintain high growth in the mcu business over the next three years, making it one of three of our own.
In January 2018, a circular was issued stating that the purchase of 100% of the share in Shanghai Sly Electronics was to be made in the form of cash and shares, with shares paid at a price of $1.45 billion and cash paid at a price of $250 million. Sage promised to accumulate at least $320 million in the net profit of the parent company, after deducting non-recurring gains and losses audited in 2018-2020.
By the end of 2018, Slim had achieved a net return of 95,072,000 yuan, or 29.6 per cent of the total performance commitment. Slim is the leading supplier of interactive solutions for smart people in the domestic market, and the main business is currently developing and selling the new generation of smart movers, moving end-sensor Soc chips and solutions, offering them, including capacitors, fingerprinting chips,
An interactive set of solutions, including the emerging senses and system algorithms. From 2016 to 2018, income from Slim's main base camp grew rapidly, with the sale of capacitive touch chip and fingerprint recognition chip, which increased explosively, mainly as a result of the development of a microprint fingerprint recognition chip in 2017.
Broke, 2018 fingerprint chips were produced and delivered on a large scale; the drop in touch chip collection was mainly due to: 2017, when Slim focused on the development and market expansion of fingerprint identification chips, resulting in market share of the capacitor touch chip market, driven by the continuous release of global capacitor touch screen market demand.
Market heat rose, and global capacitator chip sales surged from 40 million in 2008 to 2.04 billion in 2017, with an average annual compound growth rate of 54.8 per cent. In 2017-2018, as a result of the spread of end-touch products, capacitator chip sales were made in China as the manufacturing base for global electronics, especially mobile phones, tablets, mp3/mp4/pmp, etc.
The technology and products of Slim are positioned on smart machine applications, with the main client groups of the capacitor touch chip from 2011 onwards being the odm and whiteboard mobile smart terminal markets in mainland China, which are applied to smartphones, flat-board computers and other smart-end touch screens.
Controls. Through years of technological accumulation, the key technologies of the capacitor-touching chip are autonomously developed, with a certain advantage in the performance optimization, cost control, upstream/downstream co-development capability of the capacitor chip, low-level industry, long-term stability, rich customer resources and high customer stickyness.
Figure 43: Share of global exposure chip shipments in 2016, based on fingerprint chips, according to ccid data, 3120 million United States dollars and 1.12 billion United States dollars in 2017 for global and domestic fingerprint identification chips, and 4,720 million United States dollars in 2020 for global fingerprint identification chips, domestic
Since 2016, fingerprint recognition chips have rapidly infiltrated the smartphone market. Global fingerprint recognition smartphones reached 640 million shipments in 2016, 43% penetration in the smartphone market and 61% penetration in 2017 (packages).
With the exception of iphonex, the global fingerprint recognition smartphone market field penetration rate is projected to rise to 88% in 2020, with the domestic fingerprint recognition smartphone penetration rate reaching 91%.
From ic, algorithm, to system integration, the fingerprint recognition chip product class includes the coating (overlay) fingerprint recognition chip, the plate fingerprint identification chip, and so on. Since 2014, Slim has developed the fingerprint recognition chip autonomously, and is now one of the main suppliers of a domestic line branded mobile phone, and has developed a certain brand in the field of fingerprint identification chip.
Figure 48: Share of global fingerprint recognition chips delivered in 2017, 4 pounds to the dram track, full platform prototypes are now available, 4.1 dram markets are wide and demand is strong in the big data age
Half a wall of semiconductor storage: dram., a dynamic random access memory. High capacity, low capacity, short delay, low cost, etc. are widely used for computers, mobile phones, and part of consumer electronics. According to icinsights data, with data centres, servers, smart phones and other mobile products, demand for drams is constantly increasing, adding capacity to production is not enough.
In 2017, Dramasp rose by 77% from the previous year, with a total sales value of $72 billion, an increase of 74% from $41.5 billion in 2016, and a market share of 57%, maintaining its leading position in semiconductor storage. Hundreds of millions of blue seas, with large markets: apart from mobile phones, data centres, and solid hard disks, artificial intelligence and access to goods are expected to be available.
To be a strong driver of demand in the memory market, starting with 2018. According to the icinsights projections, global chip production will reach $42.8 billion in 2018, while the dram memory will be a champion in 2018, with $10.16 billion, the first product to break $100 billion.
Half a year of dram prices continued their downward trend in 2018, but the delivery of drams in 2019q2 has stabilized and is expected to move upwards in the second half of 2019. Three major downstream markets, demand continues to rise: from a demand perspective, dram uses the market mainly as a mobile terminal, in clothing.
In 2010-2017, the share of mobile terminals and servers increased steadily in the downstream applications of the dram classes, benefiting from high-capacity data processing and data centre construction requirements. In 2017, mobile terminals occupied about 42% of the market share in the dram market, leading the dram application market, with servers next to 30%, and pc ranked in the top 14%.
Third, mobile terminals, servers, and pc are therefore the three main consumption products of dram, accounting for about 86% of the total. Mobile electronic capacity upgrades drive increased dram demand: in the smartphone market, consumer demand for multitasking and high-speed low-cost data space is increasing rapidly the dram capacity of each cell phone.
Apple 8 uses 2gbdram, iphonex uses 3gb; Samsung Galaxys 8 has 4g, and the Chinese version has been expanded to 6gb. Hp10 and htcu11 have also used 6gb drams, and the main Singapore-based razer and dram storage capacity is 8gb, known for video game equipment.
With the continued development of smartphone technology, the demand for smartphone memory continues to rise, and, in the case of home-grown mobile phones, the demand for smartphones continues to rise.
In the context of growing technology and market preferences, the domestic market for memory in mobile electronics is promising. Server expansion has become a major driver of dram growth: the future growth rate of the server dram continues to be at the top of the specifications dram, driven by the need to build in server upgrades and network megadata.
In addition to the strong demand for high-efficiency calculations from craft wisdom and cloud-end operations, server delivery in 2018 is expected to be high, and it will also drive a strong demand for server dram. Intel launched its new server platform in the second half of the year, the purley and amd's 48 core epyc are the main forces driving server renewal. In addition, North American network services giants like Google,
There will also be a greater demand for the construction of web-based data centres, such as amazonwebservice, facebook, and microsoftazure. According to centralized technology, an average data centre can accommodate about 8,000 to 15,000 server racks, while each can carry more than four servers of different sizes, which is estimated to consume about 10 to 20 million gb of services.
Dram, approximately 31~62 million 32gb modules. pc product rotation, dram recovery: pc manufacturer ' s constant technological innovation and product overlap, pc enddram demand has been warming significantly since 2018. It has been determined that Nvidia will release a new video game and Intel will release a consumption card.
The new hardware of these hardware manufacturers will drive the upgrading of users and the start of warming pcdram’s demand. The three-field monopoly is absolute: the dram market is now absolutely monopolized by the South Korean Samsung, Hercules, and the U.S. Trinity Light.
In the third quarter of 2018, Samsung dram collected US$ 12.7 billion sk Hercules to reach US$ 8.1 billion, with 45.5 per cent and 29.1 per cent of the total share of the two major Korean manufacturers, and 74.6 per cent of the total, in the third quarter of 2018.
During the course of the process, the dram storage system has entered the 1xnm phase: currently, Samsung has adopted the 20nm process on a large scale and has taken the lead in producing the 18nm process.
At the end of 2017, three stars developed the smallest dynamic random access memory (dram) chip in the world, using a 10nm class process, which continues to expand their technological leadership over competitors.
4.2 Combining the fertilizer scheme with dram, achieving zero breakthroughs in national production, working with dram, cutting into the new track of dram: Moi-Innovative existing products are mainly flash chips and mcu, on the basis of which a number of ways are being tried to broaden the strategic layout. In October 2017, Moi-Innovative and compost markets have limited ownership of industrial investment.
The company signed a cooperation agreement for the joint development of a 12-inch crystal storage device for the 19nm process, officially launching the dram research and development strategy. The project has a budget of $18 billion, to be financed on the basis of a 1:4 ratio for micro-innovation and co-fertilization. The goal is to succeed by 31 December 2018, while the mega-innovation is obliged to work five years after the target has been achieved.
Once research and development has been successful, it will become China’s first autonomous dram factory and will create a significant synergy with the easily innovative dram chip design, storing the chip’s entire platform, which is a national priority. Still to be broken: China is the world’s largest semiconductor chip consumer, and storing the chip is a national priority.
For a long time, our share of chip demand has been as high as 90%. In 2017, the amount of chip imports was 1.5 times that of crude oil. In the area of dram, there was a gap between domestic manufacturers. In the third quarter of 2018, the market share of tristars, Hercules, and Light in the dram industry was together 95%.
State policy is promising. Dram is expected to take the lead: China Manufacturing 2025, which clearly plans to increase the production rate of the market for domestic demand in the integrated circuit industry to 40% in 2020, and to increase it further to 70% in 2025. The State Integrated Circuit Industry Fund will store it in a highly national strategy, with many emphasis on supporting the development of the industry’s leading enterprises.
Greater support is being given to the integrated circuit manufacturing industry and the special integrated circuit development, with a focus on storage in the Yangtze River, and the combing of the Yangtze, each of the two camps dedicated to it: at present, the producers in our storage area are dominated by the storage of the Nandflash River and the compost of the dram. At present, the compost is focused on the development of 19 nmdram, the main attacker.
Motivated memory, not only the last map of the entire chip storage platform, but also the country's only manufacturer of drams below 20 nm. If planning progress is successfully achieved, the fatty gluten will become the world's fourth largest producer of 20 nm below dram. The maximum planned output in the future will be 125,000 silicon crystals/month, gradually ending with import substitution.
The project is progressing well, and the rate is far higher than expected: based on the discovery by President Wang Ninggang, the compost gluten storage unit project, the rate of product success is no less than 10%; the volume of 8 gblpdddr4 was produced in the 3rd quarter of 2019; it was achieved by the end of 2019.
20,000 units per month; planning for the construction of the second plant started in 2020; development of 17 nanometers in 2021. Currently, the Fertilizer 12-inch Storageer Crystal Production Base project is in the accelerated phase of construction, and, according to a special report by the digitimes media, the Fertilizer 12-inch Semiconductor Storage Base has almost completed production line debugging and testing.
Dram is over-expected to make a successful project, and the 10% success rate is positive. According to the Synchrome project, the company will have achieved a single-month capacity of 20,000 in 2019, and the project is expected to deliver a maximum monthly output of 125,000, which, according to Dramexhange statistics, will have a global monthly capacity of 1.5 million.
Longpoon will account for about 8 per cent of the world’s dram market. 1) The price of the global storage chip has continued to fall, with a low rate of growth in the storage chip business from early 2018 to 2019q1, while the price of the storage chip slowed markedly in the first half of 2019, and global storage chip to stock has progressed well.
According to a recent USF report, the price of 2019q2 storage chips is expected to be at the bottom, and global storage chip prices are expected to recover significantly in the second half of 2019. With the strong rise in emerging areas such as amoled, tddi, auto electronics, and the accelerated substitution of national production, the liberalization of the scope of corporate product applications has led to a strong demand for noorflash, and slcnand products over the next three years.
Entering the fast-discharge period, and working more closely with China will take place in the area of noor and slcand. Over the next three years, corporate chip collections are expected to increase by 20%, 20%, and 10%, respectively.asp remains unchanged, with Māori rates remaining at 37%. 2) Corporate microcontrol products will continue to grow at a high rate, with revenue from their business at $310 million in 2017 and Mcu in 2018 and $400 million in 2018.
At the end of pc, the good sales of airpods and electronic locks will provide firm support for the company’s mcu business, which is expected to grow at a very high rate of 50%, 50%, 30% and Māori over the next three years, as demand for smart household electricity equipment, plant networking equipment and electricity table markets increases significantly.
By comparison, comparable companies have full-minded technology, São Paulo shares, Weir shares, summit technology, etc., reference to the company ' s scarce poles of stock, strong demand for national production substitution, and performance growth due to product structure optimization and product line improvement, 1) risk of output expansion falling short of expectations: the company ' s capacity multiplied in 2019 to take advantage of competitors ' markets, and there is a risk that the company ' s capacity will increase significantly in 2019.
(ii) The risk of lower-than-expected down-cycle storage: the risk of a significant decline in product prices when there is a severe down-cycle;
3) Risks of SMART underperformance: 4) The risk of poor R & D and lower profitability: due to the fact that the 19nm process is a cutting-edge process, it is difficult to climb with a high degree of technical difficulty, which in turn has a direct impact on actual production capacity and product costs, and the risk of growth
There is a risk that future profitability will fall short of expectations; Novo will not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for his specific recommendations or views in this report. Southwest Securities Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “MSC”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.