Continued increase in high-quality reserves, oil price downwards catalytic corporate profit restoration — China PIC (600028.sh) Dynamic Study Investing in “deep ground engineering” to increase high-quality large-scale reserves
In 2023, the company made a major breakthrough in several exploration projects. The company's crude oil reserves reached 2003 million barrels, an increase of 2.09 per cent compared to the previous year; the gas reserves reached fuhh@cfsc.com.cn
In 2024, according to the company announcement, the company’s capital expenditure budget remained stable at a total value of 173 billion yuan.
Over $170 billion, of which exploration, oil refining, marketing, chemical engineering expenditures are projected to reach 279.06 million barrels of crude oil and 1.4 trillion barrels of natural gas in 2024, respectively.
With a high return in oil prices under pressure, corporate profitability is expected to improve, and as the fourth quarter approaches, OPEC’s voluntary cutbacks are approaching, and the end of the market is likely to face greater pressure, with many recent U.S. employment data diverging significantly.
Market expectations raise concerns about the recession in the US and the weakening of demand for crude oil, and demand for an expected return. At the same time, the situation in the Russian Federation is showing signs of détente, the Trump support rate, which is influenced by new and advanced factors in history, and the oil price hub continues to move downwards in the second half of the year.
The rewinding of oil prices is expected to reduce the cost pressures of refining and improve profitability. By analysing the relationship between China’s petrochemical years’ profitability and oil prices, we find that net profits and single-ton refining profitability exist for oil prices.
The company’s profitability will be enhanced when the dollar is higher than $75 or even $70. As the price of oil is expected to fall, the company’s profitability is expected to be incorporated into the performance appraisal, and the value of the high-valued red configuration will be low.
The NCC will further study the incorporation of market value management into the performance appraisals of central business directors, guide central business directors to pay more attention to the market performance of controlled stock listings, and communicate confidence in a timely manner through the application of market-based growth, buy-backs, etc.
Stabilizing expectations, greater cash dividends, better returns to investors, and a low-valued valuation is expected to bring about a rational return. At the same time, the company’s 2023-h dividends rate is high, and the company continues to explore new reserves, both growing and high, against a background of low oil prices.
Downward risks in the economy; risk of high volatility in product prices; risk of under-construction of projects; risk of limited start-up of environmental policies; low demand downstream; petrochemicals in China: development of high-quality stocks in the future, declining
Basic situation: Increased high-quality exploration, positive progress in efficiency gains from increased reserves, a steady growth trend since 2012 following a first decline in corporate hydrocarbon equivalent production, a positive response from the company in 2019 to the national fuel and gas storage policy, a steady increase in corporate oil and gas production, and a 504.09 per cent increase in oil and gas equivalent production throughout the year, 2023
In 2023, the company's Tariwood basin, along the belt of Nishio, the Ordos basin, deep-sea coal-bed gas, and the Sichuan basin, with a million barrels of oil on land, grew by 2.09 per cent compared to the previous year; the gas reserves were identified at 9.3 trillion cubic feet, an increase of 5.73 per cent compared to the previous year; in the future, the company is committed to intensifying risk exploration, increasing exploration efforts in the areas of “deep ground engineering”, shale oil and gas, and continuing to increase quality.
In 2024, the company planned capital expenditure of $173 billion, of which 77.8 billion will be invested in the exploration and development of panels, mainly for the construction of crude oil production capacity such as Ziyang, Taha, gas production capacity such as Chuanxi and oil and gas storage facilities; and 45.8 billion yuan for the construction of industrial block capital, mainly for projects such as ethylene ethylene II, Matoe ethylene and Xijiang aromatic hydrocarbons:
RMB 24.8 billion was spent on the capital of the refined plates, mainly on projects such as the expansion of the refining of the town, the upgrading of the petrochemical technology in Guangzhou, and the upgrading of the Maui technology: RMB 18.4 billion for marketing and distribution of the plates, for the development of the integrated energy station network, the rehabilitation of the existing terminal distribution network, non-oil operations, etc.
In the first quarter of 2024, the total amount of corporate capital expenditure was RMB 20.5 billion, of which exploration, refining and chemical engineering expenditure accounted for approximately 66 per cent, 20 per cent and 10 per cent of the total capital expenditure, respectively, maintaining a year-long bias in the resources of the exploration plate. The company insisted on the integrated operation of refining operations, scientific control of the “oil conversion” “oil turnover” rhythm, and the expansion of the market in Huto.
With efficiency gains, both the processing of crude oil and the distribution of domestically finished oils have reached an all-time high of 188 million tons in 2023, a 15.8 per cent increase over the same period, with the total number of fuel stations remaining the second highest in the world.
Figure 14: Net profits and dividends of companies China ' s share of petrochemicals has been in cash since 2009 and has remained above 15 billion yuan, with dividends.
1.3. Analysis of the valuation of China ' s petrochemical/Chinese petrochemicals shares as at 2 August 2024, China ' s petrochemical pb was 0.99 and China ' s petrochemicals pb was 0.69. According to the pb estimate, the company ' s a and h shares are under one, taking into account the quality of the company ' s assets and the fact that oil prices have entered the downward route.
In addition, the National Investment Commission has incorporated the value realization of listed companies and market value management into the company performance appraisal system and the appraisal of directors of companies, respectively, and the undervalued valuation is expected to bring about a rational return.
2.1. Demand decline worries over the geophysical situation, oil prices are weakening, tensions in the Middle East region are escalating to support, in part, the crude oil market. However, the United States manufacturing activity in July
The largest contraction in eight months caused the market to worry about the weakening of demand for crude oil caused by the recession in the United States. Fears overtook the geo-conflict and international crude oil prices fell again. On 2 August 2024, Wti/Brent reported respectively $73.52/76.81, a decline of 4.72 per cent/5.32 per cent over the previous week, and 11.22 per cent/10.93 per cent over the same period in July.
Geopolitics: Tensions in the Middle East continued, with the assassination of Haniya, head of the Hamas political bureau, in the Iranian capital, Tehran, on 31 July. The Israeli military then announced that Hamas military commander Mohamed Jaefe had been killed in an attack last month by Israeli forces on the southern part of the Gaza Strip. On 2 August, Israeli warplanes entered north-east Lebanon.
On the other hand, Ukraine softened its attitude into the Russian-Turkish situation. On 3 August, Ukrainian President Zelinski made a statement expressing his willingness to hold peace talks with Russian representatives to end the war.
On the same day, the U.S. Department of Labor data showed that, as of 27 July, the number of unemployment payments in the United States had reached 249,000, the highest level since 5 August 2023. The market had estimated 236,000, compared to 235,000 the previous week. The number of unemployment payments continued in the week up to 20 July.
It also rose to 1.88 million, the highest level since November 2021. On August 2, non-farm employment data from the United States, known as the economic barometer, were released, with an increase of 114,000 in non-farm employment in the United States in July and an unemployment rate of 4.3 per cent in July, all of which deviated significantly from market expectations, raising further market concerns about the recession in the United States.
U.S. Elections: According to the state-of-the-art statistics website realcleiarpolling, the Trump support rate for Republican candidates rose to over 48% by the end of the month, reaching an all-time high. According to August 1, Trump's 1.2 percentage point lead to Harris first, still has a great chance of winning. If Trump wins, it supports a tradition of re-mining.
Energy, a rapid end to the war in Russia or policies such as pushing up United States shale oil and oil production, and significantly reducing the impact of the conflict in Russia and Ukraine 2.2, Opec will phase out the cutbacks. Supply end: wind change in Oec+, which will continue to release the cutbacks. The Oec+ meeting on 2 June 2024 announced that
The policy of an additional 2.2 million barrels per day of voluntary reduction was extended until the end of September 2024, followed by the phasing out of the reduction over a period of one year, which was continued at the subsequent OPc+ meeting. The OPc+ meeting of 2 August 2024 stated that it was prepared to gradually resume production reductions since 2022 to boost oil prices from the fourth quarter of 2024, and that production was expected to increase in the fourth quarter of 2024.
Canada’s wildfires have increased the risk of oil supply in North America. Canada’s hundreds of wildfires are burning in the western provinces of British Columbia and Alberta, including the oil sand center of Fort McMurley. The impact of hurricanes on major oil refineries along the United States Gulf of Mexico is diminishing.
After the fall of Beryl to tropical storms, the major oil refineries along the Gulf of Mexico seem to have been affected very little. eia anticipates that US crude oil production will continue to grow in the remaining months of 2024.
Heart cpi rose by 3.3% over the same period, but the pressure remained. Food prices rose by 0.2%, 2.5%, and fuel prices by 2.4%, compared to 1.3%, but retail sales in the United States were largely flat in June, but sales prospects were not positive. Consumer confidence in the United States fell again in early July, with the University of Michigan ' s consumer confidence index starting at 66.0%.
Prices continue to upset consumers about their financial situation. This round of interest hikes may be over, and according to Bloomberg, the Fed will start the interest reduction process in 2024.
Figure 29: Implicit overnight interest rates and increases/downs on interest rates (Bombo forecast) The international crude oil deposition is expected to be maintained in 2024. According to eia data, the global average supply of crude oil in 2024 was 102.42 million barrels/day, an increase of approximately 630,000 barrels/day from the same date; the average demand was 102.92 million barrels/day, an increase of about the same year.
1.11 million barrels per day. The international crude oil market is expected to remain unbanked as a whole throughout the year 2024.3 The higher oil prices are expected to reverse the company’s profitability, given the large number of petrochemical operations in China, especially the variety of chemical products derived from refining, and the overlap between the various operations.
There is an internal settlement price, which is particularly complicated by the relationship between the profitability of the company at the end of the business or product end and the price of oil. So we capture the main contradiction, from the point of view of the company's main business at the source of petroleum refining, to reflect the problem with the relationship between the company's single-ton refining profitability and the price of oil, and to identify the company's overall profitability and oil by comparing the net profit with the price of oil.
The company’s net profit versus oil price: a normal distribution of the higher profit points with the average oil price of $70. As the average oil price rose from $45 in 2015 to $70 in 2018, the company’s net profit rose from 59.2 billion in 2015 to 80.3 billion in 2018.
The impact of the epidemic has weakened the recovery in demand, returning the average price of oil to $71 in 2021, and the company’s profits again reaching a high point of $85 billion. In 2022, the cumulative geo-conflict intensified and OPEC’s combined production cut-off restricted supply, the average price of oil was $99 in history, higher positions, corporate profits fell to $75.8 billion, oil prices fell further to 82 in 2023, and corporate profits were low.
In 2021, oil prices were in the upper zone, but China's economy recovered from the epidemic and domestic producers responded to global demand, leading to an oversupply of downstream chemical products and a significant increase in profitability, which led to a reversal in net corporate profits of 85 billion.
Since 2022, the international situation has become increasingly tense, with successive conflicts in several hotspots around the world, resulting in higher oil prices, rising downstream production costs and shrinking profits for corporate chemical panels. Companies achieved a net profit of 75.8 billion yuan in the year, which is still 2.23 per cent higher than in 2023 than the same year in 2022, suggesting a corporate gain in the process of downfalling the price of oil.
In 2024, if oil prices continue to decline, the company’s profitability will be restored with the warming of the chemical panels. The company’s refining profitability will be linked to oil prices: a normal distribution of the same high profit point with the average tar price of $70.
The average price of crude oil with Brent found that the company’s net profit to oil price was based on a biased distribution of a high profit point of $70 on the average price of tar, the highest profit point of $70, which is what we call a dessert spot. The company’s net profit was extraordinary in 2016-2021, with an average price of $71 on the same price of oil, high profitability and innovation, and after oil prices broke through $80 in 2022.
In 2023, as oil prices fell from a high level, the company’s refining profitability rose to $337 per tonne, and the downward trend in oil prices became apparent in the second half of the year, and the company’s profitability is expected to continue to rise as oil prices decline. Thus, whether from China’s net profit from petrochemicals to oil prices or from its annual single-ton refining profitability to oil prices
As you can see, $70 is the height of a company’s ability to refine its profits, and when oil prices rise from $70 to $70, the company’s profitability starts to diminish; when oil prices approach from a high point to $70, it grows. At a relatively high average price of oil, above $80, the company’s profitability is expected to rise when oil prices turn back and are expected to close to $70.
Downward risks in the economy; risk of significant price fluctuations in products; under-construction of projects; limited exposure to environmental policy start-up: lower demand than expected.
The strategy and the six-year experience of new energy research. Zhang Weibao: M.A. in Chemicals, South China University of Technology, 13 years of research experience in the chemical industry, three years of vendor research, ten years of buyer research experience, good judgment of industries and companies through supply and demand relationships and changes in competition
I did not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or because of, the specific suggestions or opinions in this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the projection of a stock or industry index vis-à-vis the main indicators of the relevant securities market illustrates that: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes: a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreed transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer)
The Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
It is reliable, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information. We have tried to report it objectively and fairly, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See. For all consequences arising from the basis or use of this report, Chinese securities and/or their associates