“Cobalt” price rises in performance, leading to a new future for the Hua-Yo Cobalt industry (603799).
1. The increase in the price of demand for cobalt products has picked up, with lower operating costs increasing profitability The impact of lithium power on cobalt has increased. In the domestic cobalt consumption structure in 2015, batteries accounted for 77 per cent, an increase of 15 percentage points from 62 per cent in 2010 and battery demand for cobalt
The impact of the market is very direct, and the demand for cobalt will continue to be strong as new energy cars demand for lithium in the next four years continues to be strong. The company’s gains in 2016 came from two sources: (i) demand-side increases.
Power performance has improved. The demand for cobalt from smart terminals and powered lithium has continued to pull, reaching $20.82 per pound as at 17 February 2017, up from the release of the company ' s cobalt products at the end of 2016, and the ratio of cobalt products to the company ' s revenues has increased.
From 35.78 per cent in 2012 to 56.54 per cent in 2015, the decline in the first half of 2016 together increased corporate profitability.2 The consolidation of R & D is consistent with the trend towards industrial upgrading, and the triad drive will achieve the company ' s future
In the first half of 2016, the research and development and certification of the company’s pre-thirty drive products progressed steadily, with a new four in colored areas.
Cobalt has been certified as a major international client.
It is a recognized technical difficulty, with 60% of the technical content of the trinity material being prepared in the pre-removement, and the quality of the ex-removement determining the performance of the final burn-out product. The company’s trinity material pre-removement project, which was built in the state, planned 20,000 tons of capacity, 6 production lines, completed production on lines 1 and 2 at the end of 2016, with a capacity of about 6,000 tons, is expected to be fully operational by 2017.
The company is an absolute leader in the field of key cobalt materials upstream of Lithium Trinity, and the industry is currently in a state of undue demand for cobalt products, with a positive industrial trend. According to Antek, the company has a 25% market share of the country’s cobalt products, and the company’s industry has risen with the continuous production of pre-Thirty Dimium production capacity.
For the first time, attention has been given to giving a “strongly recommended” rating. The three-dollar lithium electricity development has fallen short of expectations, the prices of cobalt products have fallen, and pre-drive production has fallen short of expectations.
The East's financial and intellectual sources, the East's financial and intellectual sources, the Chinese friend Cobalt industry (603799), the "cobalt" price has gone up, and it's going to light up a new future.
Yang Jom, head of the basic chemical industry group, nine years of portfolio research experience, good at understanding the development of the chemical industry in a macroeconomic context, and a master's degree in materials, with more than three years' experience in research and development in the new energy automobile industry, two years' experience in securities industry, and currently focusing on new energy vehicles,
The profiler's own research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or ideas in this report.
Our company makes no guarantee of the accuracy and completeness of this information, nor of any change in the information and proposals contained therein. We have tried to report on the objectivity and impartiality of the content, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.
Transactions, which may also provide or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants or financial products to these companies, etc.