The company issued its annual report for 2018, which achieved operating income of $5.04 billion in 2018, a year-on-year increase, changes in fair value resulting in a significant decline in performance, and a sharp drop in the price of lithium salt, which affected the Māori rate.
Operating income of $5,044 million, compared to +14.15 per cent; net parent interest and net net interest loss of $220 million, respectively (holding shares in overseas mining companies, etc.). Corporate Māori rate/net interest rate, respectively, accelerated upstream distribution of resources, with salt lakes/lithium mines moving in both directions during the reporting period. Mineraexar, 48 per cent.
The Hong Kong Stock Distribution Assistance Company Retroves - The Lithium Industry Equity, with a fully-owned first year production of 25,000 tons of battery-grade carbon from the cauchari-olaroz Lithium Salt Lake, will be operational in 2020, with 77.5% of the company's shareholding rights.
In the case of Lithium Expeditions - The Lithium Genesis Company, Heixi Jintai successfully won a pre-screening of prospecting rights for the deep halogenated lithium mine in the phoenix region of Qinghai Province; and in the case of lithium mines, the International Lithium has increased its share in rim 6.9 per cent by 50 per cent and adopted
The sum of $A 50 million will receive 5 per cent of pilbara ' s equity and will hold no more than 9.3 per cent of pilbara ' s equity upon completion of the transaction, and the lithium industry will have the option of allocating 160,000 tons of lithium concentrates per year for the first lithium mine project in pilgangoora; at the same time, the company will enter into a charter agreement with altura, with a minimum of 2019-2021 per year.
By speeding up the layout of the global lithium resource, the company locks in more stable and high-quality supplies of raw materials, guarantees company operations, and consolidates its leading position in the industry.
Lithium production line and Ningdu 175,000 tons of lithium carbonate production line were successfully put into operation, while the company will complete another 25,000 tons of battery-grade lithium hydroxide production line by 2020. In addition, the company's annual production of 100 million watthours of first-generation solid lithium battery development trial production line is planned for 2019.
The productive capacity of the cruises has expanded and companies have strengthened the industrial chain of upstream lithium resources, mid-stream processing and downstream battery production (8675583830558), integrating the synergies of the different business plates to form a unique ecosystem.
In view of the increase in surplus in the lithium industry as a whole, we have revised our 2019 profit forecast downwards and the risk of lower-than-expected sales of new-energy automobiles: weak macroeconomic growth leads to lower demand for lithium.
Risk: The risk of a significant fall in the price of lithium battery products, such as lithium carbonate. $1223 million, a decrease of 16.73 per cent over the same period. The company ' s Māori/net interest rate fell sharply in the market price of lithium salt in 2018, respectively, during the reporting period.
The accelerated deployment of upstream resources, both saline lakes/lithium mines, with 48 per cent of Meeraexar ' s shareholdings, and its fully-owned cauchari-olaroz Lithium Salt Lake first annual production of 25,000 tons of battery-grade lithium carbonate will be launched in 2020 and won by the company.
In addition, the holding subsidiary, Heixi Jintai, successfully won a pre-screening of prospecting rights for the deep-water lithium mine in the phoenix region of the Qinghai Valley; in the case of the lithium mine, its share in the mine increased by 6.9 per cent to 50 per cent, and received a 5 per cent share in the pilbara through an additional $50 million.
At the same time, the company entered into a contract with altura for the sale of a minimum of 70,000 tons of lithium concentrate per year. By accelerating the layout of the global lithium resource, the company will be able to provide a minimum of 70,000 tons of lithium concentrate per year.
The company has locked in more stable and high-quality supplies of raw materials, which will help to guarantee the company's operations, consolidate the drilling of the halogenated lithium mine, improve production capacity in the middle and downstream, and further strengthen the integration of the industrial chain.
During the reporting period, the company ' s remaining 20,000 tons of lithium hydroxide production line and Ningdu 175,000 tons of lithium carbonate production line were put into operation, while another 25,000 tons of battery-grade lithium hydroxide production line was to be built in 2020. In addition, the company ' s investment in a pilot production line for the development of the first generation of solid lithium batteries at the 10000 Wh per year level was planned
Built in 2019. By expanding production capacity in the middle and lower run, companies consolidated the industrial chain for upstream lithium resources, middle and deep processing, lower-stream battery production, and enhanced synergies between the different business plates, creating a unique niche for the analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment