We're looking forward to the development of a company with a strong energy base.
The company is an important conventional energy platform for HEC. By the end of June 2023, the company was operating 45 holding companies with a capacity of 57.28gw, of which coal combustion, the power holding unit, about 46.23gw, or 80.70%, was installed; the gas generating power holding unit was about 80.70%.
8.59gw, or 14.99 per cent; hydro-power holding units, approximately 2.46gw, compared to the commitment made by HMG to address the existing competition situation of its peers, which would, in principle, be cost-effective in terms of the principle that it would be beneficial to resolve competition among its peers and avoid substantial competition between its counterparts.
In the same province (or region), the assets in question are injected into the company, in the same province (or within the region). The company is now being injected into 82.56% of the shares of the company ' s HEC North Power Company Ltd. Some of the assets have not yet been injected into the public company because they do not meet the conditions for injection, as of 2022.
At the end of the day, the Chinese Electric Group (HEC)-controlled power-generating enterprise has shipped non-market conventional energy generation assets to 63.25gw. The HEC will complete the injection of assets to the company within three years of the non-listed conventional energy generation assets meeting the asset infusion requirements.
The company has a 31.03% share of the new power source, one of the first companies to participate in the development and operation of the new energy generation business in the country.
Long-term deep-farming of new energy generation areas, forward-looking deployment of high-quality resources in the three northern regions, active expansion to the south-central and south-eastern regions with the advantage of overcoming them, and gradual expansion of innovative operations such as “new energy +” in the south-west, with full coverage of regions with abundant wind and wind resources in the country and high demand for electricity consumption.
In 2022, the new power plant grew from $16.507 billion to $24.453 billion, and the capr to 43.99 per cent. With the transformation of our energy structure, the new energy source has grown rapidly.
In 2022, companies issued low-carbon transformation corporate bonds to raise $1.5 billion, of which 70 per cent (1.050 billion) was spent on low-carbon transformation projects such as integrated coal resources and clean and efficient natural gas development and utilization.
The total annual power supply for the low-carbon transition company bond collection project was 35,839 million kilowatt-hours (kWh), and the heating supply was 74,48.12 million jicaries.
Group, the fund-raising project involves the estimated annual savings of 149.81 million tons of standard coal and the reduction of CO2,331.07 million tons. As of the end of June 2023, the total annual power supply of the low-carbon transformation company bonds was 16.569 billion kilowatt-hours, and the heating supply was 57.1794 million guilars.
The base level of power supply, etc., has been put into projects to save the fleet by 6263 million tons of coal per year and reduce the emissions by c0213.41 million tons. The continuous upgrading of the engine units will help companies to improve fuel efficiency, reduce power consumption and enhance market competitiveness.
Investment proposals: maintain the company’s “buy-in” rating. Companies rely on powerful energy sources, and are expected to benefit from power-fired coal prices and capacity-price policies.
1. The company has grown from a strong energy company to a large, integrated energy company, mainly engaged in power generation, heating, coal sales and other related operations, with power generating assets mainly in the power and power units. As of the end of June 2023, the company was operating in controlled shares.
There are 45 power companies with a holding capacity of 57.28gw, of which the coal-fired power generation holding unit is about 46.23gw, or 80.70 per cent; the gas generating power holding unit is about 8.59gw, or 14.99 per cent; the hydropower holding capacity is about 2.46gw, or 4.29 per cent.
Directly administered city, mainly in power-loading centres, heat-load centres, or coal-rich areas. 1.2 Companies rely on powerful energy companies, which hold shares in the energy conglomerate.
The company is 45.17% owned by the China-Cable Corporation. According to the China-Cable Network, the State-owned sole-sourced power generation enterprise, which was formed for the 2002 reform of the national electricity system, is a very large central enterprise under the supervision of the State Treasury Committee of the State Council, and a central-directed major State-owned enterprise. The main business of the China-Cable Group includes power generation, coal, science and technology.
Industry, finance, and assets and operations are mainly located in the 31 provinces of China (regions, cities), as well as along the “one-way” lines of Russia, Indonesia, Cambodia, Viet Nam, etc. China Electric Power Group (HEC) installed more than 200gw, and Clean Energy Plants (CEF) is an important conventional energy platform for HEC.
In the case of competition among peers, the Group will commit itself, in principle, to the use of assets such as 70% of the shares of the relevant assets in the same province (or region) of Changsha Power Co. Ltd., in accordance with the principle of facilitating the resolution of competition between peers and avoiding substantial competition between them. Some assets have not been injected into listed companies because they do not meet the conditions for infusion.
By the end of 2022, the company’s share-holding power-generating enterprises had shipped non-listed conventional energy generating assets to a total of 63.25gw. The company will have completed its asset injection to the company within three years of meeting the asset-infusion conditions for non-listed conventional energy generating assets.
1.3 The company’s profits are influenced by such factors as the price of coal and the price of electricity, and the company’s revenues are mainly affected by the amount of electricity generated and the price of electricity. Apart from the decline in the company’s electricity generation in 2020, which led to a decline in the same rate, the company’s revenues have increased in recent years. In 2018-2022, the company collected $88,365 million from the company’s revenues.
When prices are high, the company still achieves a year-on-year loss, mainly because of the rise in coal machine prices and equity gains. In the first three quarters of 2023, the company achieved a net return profit of $4,499 million, a year-on-year increase.
2.1 The price of the power coal market is or will be low, the performance of power-fired electricity has improved slightly, and coal imports have increased significantly. With the progressive release of coal production, in 2023, coal production in our country increased by 4,658 million tons of primary coal produced in industry on a year-long scale and above, a 2.9 per cent increase in the same year.
Coal imports increased significantly in the same year, with 474 million tons of coal and lignite imported in 2023, an increase of 61.8 per cent in the same year. Coal consumption increased slightly in 2023 by 5.2 per cent in the same year. The value added of industry above size increased by 4.6 per cent in the same year. Coal consumption was 4,039 million tons, an increase of 8.02 per cent in the same year. Coal production was 591 million tons in the same year.
In March 2023, the National Development and Reform Commission (NDRC) mentioned that it had been able to carry out all its tasks and achieve positive results in 2023, with a total contract of over 2.5 billion.
Next, the Development Reform Commission will further strengthen the performance of medium- and long-term contracts for electricity and coal.
In December, at the National Coal Exchange, 32 large coal supply and demand companies signed on site.
In 2024, a medium- and long-term coal contract with a total contract value of about 400 million tons, the power coal market price may be low. For port coal, 22,67 million tons of coal were deposited in the North Port as of 23 February 2024; and, as of 28 February 2024, the port of Qin has been powered by Yuyuan (q5500) power coal since this year.
In January 2024, at a press conference, the National Development and Reform Commission mentioned that coal storage at the national power transfer plant was currently at over 200 million tons, an increase of about 30 million tons. According to ifind, as of 28 February 2024, the average daily consumption of coal by the six major power-generating groups was 793,000 tons.
Overall, in the context of the continued replenishment of imported coal and coyopa coal, the power plant stock is abundant, the demand for power coal is relatively limited, and the price of power coal market is likely to be low. A future low price shock on the power coal market will help to improve the performance of the coal industry.
The cost of power-related fuel for the company’s power generation, the company’s power generation, is about 70% of the company’s total cost. The price changes for power coal, the main raw material in the coal industry, have had a significant impact on the production costs and business performance of the company.
The net return profit (including thermal power generation, heat services, and other energy sources) of 57.420 billion yuan is an increase of 458.42 per cent in the same year. Therefore, future low price shocks on the coal power market will contribute to the sustained improvement of the operation of the coal-fired enterprises2 and the lack of data for the first three quarters of 2021.
The National Development and Reform Commission has recently proposed the establishment of a coal electricity capacity price mechanism, which would adjust the price of coal power from a single to a two-generation electricity price, i.e., electricity volume and capacity.
In 2024 - 2025, Henan, Hunan, Chongqing, Sichuan, Qinghai, Yunnan, Guangxi, etc., implemented a capacity-price policy based on annual rates of $165/kW, and others based on annual rates of $100/kW. We believe that in the process of our green low-carbon energy transformation, coal power units were used as a result of their use.
The implementation of the coal-power capacity pricing mechanism will help the fire power industry to function healthyly by recovering fixed costs from coal-conforming power companies. 2.3 Large energy companies account for a major share of the market.
The fire and electricity sector is capital-intensive, and firms often have to invest a lot of money in the development of projects. Often, large energy companies are more powerful and have diversified financing sources, such as equity financing, debt financing, etc.
Data from the Network and the National Energy Agency (NEA) show that, by the end of 2022, the national energy group, the China Energy Group, the China Power Group, the Great Tang Group, the National Power Source, the China Rain Power Power Power Power Power Power Company had a capacity of approximately 688.42gw, representing about 52 per cent of the national capacity of the Fire Power Plant, and that large energy companies accounted for a major share of the market.
The company is owned by the China-New Energy Group Inc. (“New Power for China”)
31.03% shareholding. In 2020, under the New Energy for China Network, to facilitate the transition, the Group promoted the restructuring of new energy assets within the Group system and the creation of a new energy development engine. In 2021, the New Energy for China completed the replenishment campaign, successfully introducing 13 strategic investors to build a new energy integration platform covering national industry funds.
In March of 2022, the new China Power energy system was transformed. In June of 2023, the new Chinese energy energy energy energy agency met at the local master tableipo and managed well.
As one of the first companies to participate in the development and operation of new energy generation operations in the country, it has long-term deep-ploughed new energy generation, has been able to provide a forward-looking deployment of high-quality resources in the three north-east, has actively expanded to the south-east and central regions with the advantage of dissipation, and has gradually developed innovative operations such as the South-West “New Energy Plus” to cover the country's wind and light resources.
With the transformation of our energy structure, it has grown rapidly. The company’s participation in it has helped to manage the opportunities for transformation of the energy structure.
Fig. 22: New Energy in Power, with an increase in the rate of increase in the year, Figure 23: New Energy in Power, with a net profit from the mother and an increase in the speed of the year. New Energy in Power, with its nuclear component, helps to supplement the overall cash flow. New Energy in Power is the only nuclear power in the country.
One of the companies with an equity interest. HNE owns 10% of the three nuclear power companies (“the three nuclear power companies”) and 39% of the Fujian Fukuo nuclear power company (the “Fuku Qing nuclear power”). Two nuclear power companies are doing well and have been profitable in recent years. HNE was split between two nuclear power companies in 2021, 2022 and the first half of 2023.
Cash inflows from investment activities amount to $702 million, $1,079 million, and $1,585 million, respectively, representing the main components of cash inflows from investment activities in new energy sources in China and New Energy. The company helps to supplement the overall cash flow, thereby better promoting new energy projects such as wind power, solar power, etc.
Financial data for the first half of 2023 have not been audited. 3.2 The coal industry, which contributes to mitigating the impact of coal prices, will have an impact on the company’s performance.
The company’s share-in-coal industry receives investment returns that help to mitigate the impact of changes in coal prices on the company’s performance.
Upstream coal industry, which is involved in the silver and silver star coal industry Ltd. (“Singsung Coal”) and in coal production enterprises such as the China Electric Coal industry group Ltd. (“Hong Kong Power Coal”) owns 50% of the Silver Star coal industry and 12.98% of the Chinese Electric Coal industry. In 2021-2022, the Māori rate of the company's fire and electricity business was hampered by high coal prices, with two companies participating in coal power companies during the same period.
The impact of the change in the price of slow coal on the company's performance. 3.3 The company's orderly push for engine remodelling 70 per cent (1.05 billion) of the coal resources are used for low-carbon categories such as “integrated coal resources” and “clean and efficient natural gas development and use”
The period of bond is three years. The total annual supply of electricity for the low-carbon transformation project is 35,839 million kilowatt-hours and 74,48.12 million guilars.
By the end of June 2023, a total of 16.569 million kilowatt-hours had been invested in the project, and the heating was 57.1794 million kWh. It was measured to be on the basis of the same amount of electricity.
A high-level crew, which has already been put into projects, will save 62.63 million tons of standard coal per year and reduce co.2138.41 million tons per year. The continuous upgrading of the engine units will help companies to improve fuel efficiency, reduce power consumption, upgrade the city’s 3.4 successful reits, and broaden access to finance.
On December 19, 2023, the company's first single-exchange market, the Reits Project - a special project to support investment in Xuhua thermal energy infrastructure (type reits), was launched on a scale of 2,141 million yuan, and the book book received extensive attention and buy-in from investors on that day, with final ticket rates.
3.35%. This type of reits product provides a viable equity financing scheme for the company ' s coal-fired electricity assets, further broadens corporate access to finance, reduces reliance on traditional debt financing and reduces asset-liability ratios. At the same time, the product creates a record of low interest rates issued by reits for the coal-fired infrastructure category, creating a record of the shortest time available to review and declare a similar project.
The successful release of Xuhua Heat and Power, a pilot company, is a model for other Chinese and Chinese affiliates in their kind of reits product financing. Maintenance of the company’s “buy-in” rating.
In addition, the company’s participation in the new energy industry, HEU, is expected to drive (1) less forward than expected: coal is an important raw material in the coal electricity industry, and policies such as the maintenance of coal prices can have a significant impact on the company’s performance.
(2) Economic development is less than expected: electricity demand is more affected by the economic cycle. If future economic development is less than expected, the company will be affected by the demand for electricity across society. (3) The risk of price fluctuations in the Internet: electricity is the main product of listed companies in the power generation industry, and the price of electricity is usually connected to the Internet.
Electricity price indicators are measured. Large fluctuations in electricity prices on the Internet can have a direct impact on the company’s performance. (4) Power coal price volatility risks: power coal procurement costs account for a larger share of the cost of coal power enterprises, and large swings in power coal prices will affect the company’s performance.
“Positive” investors are only suited to the use of “middle- and high-risk” studies, and “radical” investors are fit to use the various categories of our Department who have their own qualifications or considerable professional competence in portfolio investment consultancy, as granted by the Chinese Securities Association, to produce this report independently and objectively, within the limits of their knowledge, in a diligent and professional manner. This report clearly and accurately reflects their research views and is free of the company's relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, funds.
I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and that I have not used them.