NORTH HAIKO (002371); Semiconductor Equipment Enterprises with the prospect of breaking the country's foreign monopoly pattern
In addition, the company's products include vacuum equipment, lithium electric materials, a semiconductor equipment, vacuum equipment, lithium electricity, etc.
Equipment and precision electronic components, etc., make up four major clusters of companies. These are semiconductors, equipment, precision electronic components, and one-person platform-based high-tech enterprises, with downstream users involved in semiconductors, photovoltaics, new energy.
How can a company take over a number of new semiconductor equipment manufacturers break the existing pattern? We find that the semiconductor equipment market, the major national research project, is the most important semiconductor in the country.
There are three characteristics: first, the domestic market is growing rapidly, but the share of domestically produced equipment in the market is less than 10%; second, the process equipment is relatively independent, with most of the areas broken down by foreign corporate monopolies; third, although downstream customers are concentrated, semiconductor equipment dealers are highly profitable.
From an enterprise perspective, semiconductor equipment is a R & D-driven industry that requires a scale effect to share R & D costs, and significant matters for the next three to six months point to: pre-dispatch firms have easy access to significant advantages; and, in terms of the industrial chain, the potential of the mill to replace equipment suppliers
The loss is much greater than the cost savings of low-priced equipment, and it is difficult for the new Jinners to get a share. Thus, the new Jinners need to meet three conditions in order to break the monopoly: first, to be able to achieve a technological breakthrough; and, second, to be able to achieve a technological breakthrough.
Second, make breakthroughs while saving R & D expenditure; third, get the support of the mill's customers and the company has the basic conditions to break the monopoly. First, catch-up R & D can avoid the risk of error, increase the success rate of R & D, and second, the dividends of our engineers can bring the company home.
Finally, the support of large domestic customers to domestic manufacturers of equipment is unprecedented. Companies have built up their mature experience with equity incentives and have succeeded in breaking foreign monopolies in some areas and are expected to increase their market share.
Thus, we appreciate the potential for companies to develop in the area of semiconductor equipment. 137 and 101 times, maintaining a “very recommended” rating.
North China (002371), semiconductor equipment enterprises that are expected to break the pattern of foreign monopolies.
In 2001, the Beijing Seven Stars Incorporated Electronics Company was set up to manufacture the main semiconductor equipment and sophisticated electronic components. In March 2010, the company was placed on the market at the deep end of the market, with the stock called Seven Star Electronics (002371.sz).
The strategic reorganization with the North Microelectronics was achieved through the addition of shares, and was renamed the North China Technology Group Inc., with a change in the short title of the shares to North Fanghua (002371.sz). Currently (as of the end of 2020), the top three shareholders of the company are the Seven Star Group (35.89 per cent), North Power Control (10.47 per cent) and Large Funds (7.92 per cent), and the company integrated into four things: semiconductor equipment, vacuum equipment, new energy lithium appliances and precision electronic components.
The main business of the company when it was listed in 2010 (the seven-star electronics) was integrated circuit manufacturing equipment, mixed integrated circuits and electronic components. The integrated circuit manufacturing equipment consisted mainly of monocrystal furnaces for photovoltaic silicon silicon growth, oxidation/distribution furnaces, cleaners, gasses for processing in the transistor.
Quality flow meters, etc., downstream in the areas of photovoltaics, tft-lcd, chip manufacturing; mixed integrated circuits and electronic component products consist mainly of products with more applications in high-end areas such as mixed integrated circuits, electrical resistors, tantalum capacitors, stone crystals, etc. In 2011, the seven-star electronic relay country “02-specific” industrialization of 45-32 nmlpcvd equipment.
By 2015, the seven-star electronics product has been involved in various fields, such as photovoltaics, lithium electricity, and has been successful in the development of lpcvd, pecvd, etc. In the same year, the company also took over the national “02” project “28-14nm Atomic Sediment System (ald) Research and Development and Industrialization” of products.
In August 2016, the company completed a major asset restructuring of the Northern Microelectronics, changing the name of the listed company to North China and adding carpentry machines, pvd, and cvd equipment to the listed company. This increase brought in strategic investors such as large funds, raising about 920 million yuan. In 2017, the company acquired the American company Acronysystemsllc at a price of about 100 million yuan in semiconductor forwards.
The company is integrated into four major business clusters, of which semiconductor equipment is the most important area of operation. According to the 2019 report, semiconductor equipment received about 64%, electronic parts received about 21%, and vacuum and lithium equipment together 15%.
Figure 1: Four existing business clusters in North China. Figure 2: Main business collections in 2019.
Table 1: Breaking down the composition of the North China Business Year (millions of yuan) Table 2: Māori performance in the North China Year Year (%)
In 2019, the North recorded operating income of $4.058 billion, an increase of 22.1 per cent, and the mother ' s net profit of $309 million, an increase of 32.2 per cent, a rise of 32.2 per cent, according to the Department ' s performance forecast, in 2020 the net return profit of companies was $460-580 million, an increase of 48.9-87.7 per cent, and since the major asset restructuring in 2016, a relatively high share of the household ' s glimmers, influenced by the prevailing weather and the company ' s performance for two consecutive years.
In 2016-2019, after major asset restructuring, companies added integrated circuit front process etching machines, film machines (pvd, cvd), etc., and integrated circuit semiconductor equipment became the most important direction for the company.
As a result of the boom in domestic investment in integrated circuits, corporate performance is growing year by year.
In 2012, the company made an increase in its investment in photovoltaic projects, but with a subsequent decline in the landscape, the equipment’s profitability and performance were reduced, leading to a marked decline in the rate of return on ps and assets. Since 2015, the company’s profitability has been restored as part of the high-tech project of large R & D inputs has been profitable.
Figure 5: The company’s eps (in dollar) calendar year, because semiconductor equipment is a R & D-driven industry, the cash flow of the company does not fully cover the investment and R & D needs of the company if it has not obtained a stable customer order, and since it was listed, the company has relied mainly on targeted increases and government subsidies for R & D and investment funds.
Inputs are its main cost, and the cash flow of a mature product will improve significantly when it is rolled out, so that as mature products become more abundant in the future, companies are expected to change the status quo of capital-based access to major R & D funds.
Semiconductor equipment is the company’s most important business direction, promising to break the foreign monopoly pattern. Semiconductor equipment is the company’s most important business and the most important future development direction. Semiconductor equipment technology is very difficult, though the global market is not $70 billion, but it is based on more than trillion dollars.
Profit levels are extremely high. In this market pattern, it is very difficult for the newcomers to develop, but we believe that our enterprises still have the opportunity to break through with their own advantages and those of the foreign environment. 2.1 Industry is characterized by one: the domestic market is growing rapidly, but the share of the national equipment market is less than 10 per cent.
In December 2020, the International Semiconductor Industry Association (Semi) projected that the sales of semiconductor equipment would reach $68.9 billion for the whole of 2020, with global semiconductor sales of $43.315 billion for the same year, an increase of 5.1 per cent over the same year, and projected to reach $46.9403 million in 2021. Since semiconductor sales would have a direct impact on the investment expectations of the crystallized mill, the global market for semiconductor equipment has increased and decreased in size compared with the sales of semiconductors in the same year, based on data from previous years.
Figure 11: Global sales of semiconductor equipment and mainland China sales of semiconductor equipment (US$ billion)
The size of the semiconductor equipment market in mainland China was approximately $13.45 billion in 2019, or about 22% of the world’s total. Semi projected the size of the continental equipment market in 2020 at $14.92 billion, close to 2019.
According to the Chinese Association of Electronics Professional Equipment Industries, in 2019, our semiconductor equipment manufacturers earned about RMB 16.2 billion in sales, while the Association expects to sell about RMB 21.3 billion in 2020, but it is worth noting that this statistics includes solar energy equipment of around RMB 100, battery equipment of around RMB 2 billion, and integrated circuit equipment of about RMB 9 billion.
The actual share of domestic semiconductor equipment in the continental market is less than 10 per cent, as they are manufacturing and encapsulating equipment for integrated circuits and separation devices. Figure 12: Sales of semiconductor equipment by region in 2019 (US$ billion) and ratio to 2.2 industry characteristic II: process equipment is relatively independent, with most areas broken down into oligopolies
Each process during semiconductor manufacture has a different specialized equipment, which is technically relatively independent. The value of the processing equipment exceeds 80% in semiconductor equipment, while the rest is for containment and testing equipment. In crystal circle processing equipment, the combined value of the three main types of equipment amounts to 60-70%. The market value of the various types of equipment for 2017 is detailed in the figure below.
Figure 14: Share of market value of semiconductor equipment of all types (2017) 2.2.1 Decline in the light engine market, erosion and increase in the cvd market over the last decade
In 2017, the value of corrosion equipment in the line of production reached around 24%, exceeding the light carver to become the highest investment in crystalry processing plants. Since 2012, the value of carving machines and cvd equipment in crystallizer equipment has been gradually increasing, corresponding to the ratio of light carvers to the value of optical carving machines, which has slipped, mainly as a result of changes in optical procession resulting from technical bottlenecks in light carving machines and changes in chip structure.
Advanced process - The technical bottlenecks of light-engineers have prompted more applications of corrosion equipment in the field of advanced process: 193 nm wavelengths, the product of deep UV at duv, was born in 2000 with a theoretical maximum accuracy of 65 nm, and even if the later use of impregnated light mitigation reduced the equivalent wavelength of light via liquid refraction to 134 nm, its theoretical maximum accuracy was raised to only 28 nm.
For more than a decade of stagnation, the process process of the chip is intended to increase the idea of double light etching + etching, or multiple membrane + etching. The exact approach is determined by process needs, but either approach is dependent on the increase in etching and film deposition steps.
The pace of etching and deposition during the manufacture of the 7nm chip is about three times higher than that of the 28nm chip, so the corrosion device has been semiconductor equipment in recent years.
There is no need to use the state-of-the-art process, but all have reached the level of 1xnm (ten centimetres), which is a significant increase in the use of corrosion equipment. Nand is not going in the direction of upgrading the process, since 2016, when the major plants have entered the production age of 3dnand.
About 40% of the year went up to about 70% in 2019, and the variables came mainly from corrosion equipment. So 3dnand's output rose again, and as the asml's euv luminum machine was laid in the most advanced process, the market value of the light engraved device was expected to again exceed that of the corrosion device.
2.2.2 The global semiconductor equipment market is dominated by oligopolies, the most important of which are asml, applied materials.
These manufacturers usually focus on a certain area and have a higher market share in the area of excellence.
Of the major equipment manufacturers, Asma has an absolute advantage in the field of optical carving, with the oligopolies of applied materials, Tokyo electronics, and pan forest semiconductors in the fields of etching and film deposition, while Kosten has a market share in the use of its technological advantages in the area of process control. The market share shows that three types of major equipment manufacturers, optical carpentry, etching machines, and sedimentation have an absolute advantage.
Figure 18: World ' s top ten semiconductor equipment producers and market share, 2019
Figure 19: Global market patterns of light-engineers (2018) Figure 21: Global market patterns of equipment cvd (2018) Figure 22: Global market patterns of equipment pvd (2018)
Figure 23: Global market patterns for semiconductor thermal treatment equipment (2018) Figure 24: Global market patterns for semiconductor frontal cleaning equipment (2018)
2.3 Industry characteristic three: While downstream customers are concentrated, semiconductor equipment dealers are highly profitable. High industry monopoly is one of the reasons for the high profitability of semiconductor equipment, but the special business model of semiconductor equipment plants and downstream crystal circle manufacturing plants is the most important reason for the high annual profitability of the industry.
(1) The need for a division of labour has arisen when the process of processing of products has become complex. Since the 1990s, the mode of workables+foundry+osat (chips design + crystal round + professional sealing) has gradually emerged, compared to the traditional idm model (from design to processing all on its own).
The model’s industrial chain is more nuanced, lowering the entry threshold for each link, and untying the investment risk of each component. So the chip is designed as a light asset industry, which also allows chip design companies to flourish.
The plant needs to be continuously provided with up-to-date products and technical support from the equipment manufacturer, who has a higher voice throughout the chain. (2) The equipment enterprise has taken on important research and development work at the crystal circle plant.
The development of chip manufacturing processes can be seen as part of the development of advanced equipment and manufacturing processes. In a nanoscale micro-world, the accuracy of the equipment can be associated with a breakthrough in basic theory and applied technology. And crystallines are not simple connections to the equipment, how to use them.
The development of a thousand-step crystal circle processing process in the process has already made it difficult for the mill to absorb, and transferring the tasks and risks of equipment development to the equipment manufacturer is a wiser option. Thus, the mill and the equipment manufacturer are more cooperative than the upstream and downstream customer relationship. The mill not only does not attempt to lower the profits of the equipment manufacturer, but also offers the resources to support the equipment manufacturer’s research and development.
(iii) The customization of the equipment entails a high degree of customer stickyness and conversion costs The source of Eastern financial intelligence The equipment from the plant to the crystalline usually takes a period of installation and debugging. Some of the equipment is highly calibrated due to differences in the crystal-crystal process.
If the equipment is made, special R & D and set-up is required for the mill. The complete process development needs to be done in collaboration with the plant and the mill, and the proven process, if replaced, will require significant additional costs to be reinvested and an unknown risk assumed, so the mill is usually highly sticky to the equipment. This sticky again improves the status of the manufacturer of the equipment and seems to make the lead manufacturer more effective.
2.4 Summary of the reasons for the current pattern of semiconductor equipment Summary of the preceding discussion, we find the reasons for the current pattern of semiconductor equipment markets: (1) Enterprise ' s own factors: Semiconductor equipment is a R & D-driven industry and R & D inputs require a scale effect.
The marginal manufacturing costs of entry are low, so the firms that have taken the lead in achieving technological breakthroughs will gain a clear advantage and will quickly take over the market. This brings with it two phenomena, one of which is that the market forms a unique set of niches, such as the literal Asma and pvd applications: the other is that when a technology co-existes along multiple technological routes.
The pattern of head monopolies, such as application materials in carpentry and cvd equipment, pan forest semiconductors and Tokyo Electronics, (2) factors in industrial chain relations: the loss of good practices or process failures in crystal-crylic manufacturing plants is much greater than the cost savings that may result from replacing the equipment, which prevents the crystal-crypt manufacturing plants from easily trying newer and cheaper products, further entrenching the pattern of monopoly in equipment manufacturers.
For the finddry plant, once the new equipment has led to poor product performance, the enterprise will not only bear the loss of crystallized materials, but may also bear the more serious consequences of a series of late delivery compensations, even loss of customers. Thus, the newer equipment manufacturer would have to meet three basic conditions to break the monopoly:
Second, to save as much as possible on R & D costs in the event of a breakthrough. More importantly, to obtain bold testing and certification from the mill’s customers.
2.5 Internal and external conditions provide our enterprises with an opportunity to catch up. First, our engineers’ dividends, combined with catch-up research and development, offer the possibility of achieving efficient and low-cost technological breakthroughs. Secondly, the current external environment provides the strongest incentive for our crystallized mill to test national production equipment.
2.5.1 Efficient and low-cost technological breakthroughs - Engineers contribute to the catch-up R & D of our enterprises, first of all, with a relatively low risk of catching-up R & D. Leading firms usually bear two types of risks in the development of new products, one of which is the risk of failure in technology R & D and the other of market technology
For technology catchers, the market direction of the technology route has been determined by the pioneers, and the risk of R & D is relatively low. The main difficulty for catchers is to focus on how to achieve technology convergence while circumventing existing patent restrictions.
The competitiveness of semiconductor equipment manufacturers is derived from the efficiency of R & D, and the labour costs of R & D can have a direct impact on the price competitiveness of companies.
In developed countries, where the average salary of engineers is three to four times higher than in the country, domestic producers have a clear cost advantage in forming a research and development team, which is an unnecessary benefit for a less well-funded catch-up. As long as a comparative advantage for firms abroad is realized in a given focus area, our firms have an opportunity to make technological alternatives.
Moreover, the fact that our R & D workers generally work longer than developed countries, influenced by national circumstances, is also objective, and contributes to improving the efficiency of R & D in domestic firms.
In a freely flowing market, downstream customers have difficulty in being willing to cultivate new suppliers at the expense of their economic interests, so the vast amount of customer resources and user feedback available to oligarchy firms is an insurmountable advantage for other competitors, especially in high-technology industries dominated by R&D. For China, however, global market integrity is cut off by the United States. Semiconductor equipment and materials are located at the top of the chip-making ecological chain once the United States has made them.
In this context, the creation of our own semiconductor manufacturers of equipment and materials becomes a consensus across the semiconductor industry, the risk of unattainability of imported equipment increases the real cost to domestic firms, and it is possible that a portion of the entire industrial chain will yield benefits to support domestic equipment manufacturers in their research and development.
First, the transfer of the semiconductor chain to the country is a historic opportunity: according to the icinsights, 236,000 crystal mills per month in mainland China at the end of 2018 accounted for 12.5 per cent of the world ' s total. In China, in 2018, the value of indigenously manufactured chips was about 15 per cent of local sales and could rise to 20 per cent by 2023. The global semiconductor chain was tilted towards China.
The trend has emerged, and such a historic opportunity will certainly open up the opportunity for our equipment enterprises to seize the opportunity of our domestic customers to make a breakthrough with our domestic equipment enterprises. Figure 25: Size of China ' s chip market and size of China ' s indigenous chip manufacturing market (in millions of United States dollars). Second, the replacement of national storage units is an important opportunity for our equipment manufacturers:
First, storage systems do not require state-of-the-art processes, and the existing 193 nm impregnated light engraved machines are sufficient, and there will be no large-scale use of euv in the short term, so the corrosion and thin film deposition equipment will remain the most important equipment on the storage line for some time.
There has been no real breakthrough in the field of luminescence, with there being some national substitution in the area of etching and membrane deposition, and the demand characteristics of storage lines match the current state of equipment development in the country. Second, storage is mostly run on the Idm model, and there is no need to compete with customers like a substitute factory.
It is clear that there are bulk merchandise properties and storage plants do not need to maintain specific customer relationships. And it is easier for storage manufacturers to test new manufacturers.
Domestic equipment manufacturers are expected to grow together with storage manufacturers. 2.6 Companies have the talent, financial and customer support needed to make a breakthrough. 2.6.1 Equity incentives and targeted enhancement of necessary human and financial support
The company has already achieved a number of results, starting with the seven-star electronics and the northern microelectronics, which have taken over various national “specialties” of 02, and has industrialized many products through accumulation. The company’s semiconductor equipment covers, inter alia, etching, membrane deposition, oxidation diffusion and cleaning, using line design integrated circuits, power devices, advanced encapsulations, led lighting and photovoltaics.
oxidizing equipment is the company’s early breakthrough with more production line applications, with more than 20% of the city’s share in some of the country’s production lines. The icp (sense-coupled plasma) carving machine is one of the most technologically difficult products of the company, which is used mostly in processes such as metal etching and silicon etching in integrated circuits, which were often monopolized by giants such as pan-forest semiconductors and applied materials. The company’s icp etching machine can already be used in some of the production line processes.
In addition, as a result of the same use of plasma technology, a breakthrough in the icp corrosion machine will create synergies with the development of membrane sedimentation equipment, such as pecvd, peald, etc. The pvd equipment is also one of the company’s most advantageous products and has been replaced with applications of materials at some production lines.
Table 3: Summary of the main semiconductor equipment of the North China Corporation, the source of financial prosperity in the East, the North China Corporation (002371), semiconductor equipment enterprises that are expected to break the foreign monopoly pattern.
For R & D-driven companies, talent and finance are the basis for their development. The 2019 annual report revealed that the company had 1121 R & D workers, or 24.1% of the workforce, and that the total number and share of the workforce were more stable than in the last five years. Equity incentives were one of the effective ways to maintain core talent stability and stimulate the potential of the workforce.
So most of the good R & D firms have a more sophisticated system of equity incentives. The company awarded two equity incentives to core technicians and cadre managers in 2018 and 2020, which will help to maintain human stability and increase R & D motivation.
In addition to the stability of talent, substantial investment is essential, often through self-cash flows. In December 2019, the Department raised $2 billion in targeted additional funds, most of which will be used for the development and expansion of semiconductor equipment, with the explicit objective of industrialization of semiconductor equipment below 28 nm, and for the development of 5 nm and 7 nm line-related equipment. About 45.5% of the targeted additional funds came from the country.
The growth in the size of the household integrated circuits fund has also increased our confidence in companies to achieve technological breakthroughs. Hundreds of millions of dollars. As more products shift from basic research to applied research and development, the ratio of capitalization of R & D inputs has increased in recent years.
2.6.2 The accumulated experience of the trusting support companies of the mill ' s clients, in the current external environment, increases the risk of unattainability of imported equipment, which increases the cost of domestic crystallization plants in intangible terms, and thus the willingness of more domestic enterprises to support domestically produced equipment.
During the year, Idm, a leading company, developed its own 3dnand storage unit, planned to invest 160 billion yuan in the production capacity of 300,000 units/months. The Yangtze River stock has been tendered for equipment since 2017, while the northern Chinese plant has achieved a successful breakthrough at a visible rate. From 2018 to 2020, the North Chinese plant was marked with 9 units, 24 units, and 37 units, respectively, with 0 units, 6 units, and 12 units, respectively.
The winning pvd equipment was two, one and four, respectively. At the end of 2020, the number of high-bid treatment devices stored in the Yangtze River was 29.4 per cent, followed by Tokyo Electronics, and 3.1 per cent of the total, with the top four being Panforest Semiconductors, China Micro Corporation, and Tokyo Electronics and Applications. The constant increase in the winning number also contributed to the growing maturity of the company ' s products.
It is worth mentioning that while the home company of another national etching plant has significantly more winning marks in the Yangtze River than in the North, due to the fact that the mature product of the U.S.M.U.D. is a ccp (modular coupling plasma) etching machine, which is not in conflict with each other, is the equipment for different process steps under different technical routes. While S.M.I. is also developing an irp etching machine, the application process of the icp etching equipment is also more numerous, and the two companies will probably choose not to do so in the future.
A breakthrough with the same process will undoubtedly be a foreign giant, and the source of the financial boom in the East is figure 28: The number of places in the Yangtze storage facility in the North.
Figure 30: Statistics on the number of hits on storage carving machines in the Yangtze River: Figure 29: The number of hits in storage in the Yangtze River (end 2020) Figure 31: The number of hits in storage in the Yangtze River (end 2020) Figure 32: Statistics on the number of hits in storage of oxidizing equipment in the Yangtze River (end 2020)
The source of financial prosperity in the East is currently home-grown enterprises in the major semiconductor equipment areas, with the largest North Chinese setup, and the most semiconductor-plated enterprise. While there may be competition among domestic firms for some of the products as domestic equipment breaks out more and more, semiconductor equipment can be used for semiconductor equipment.
In terms of the type of equipment and the market value of the equipment, there is a huge national alternative, and domestic firms will not compete for a while, but because semiconductor equipment technology is extremely difficult, the replacement of equipment abroad is a long process. For example, a chip may be made in hundreds of ways, each process may be different, and a model type of carver may be able to complete only a few of its etchings.
This is the case for pvd, cvd, cleaning equipment, etc. So, with sufficient support from domestic customers, the process of national production substitution of equipment depends mainly on the progress of equipment companies.
From product roll-out to product-line validation, to uncharted treatment, downstream customer support can undoubtedly provide a valuable help to equipment manufacturers. Current markets underestimate the possibility of rapid breakthroughs in home-grown equipment, and we appreciate the company’s potential for development in the area of semiconductor equipment.
The company’s vacuum equipment and lithium equipment operations are under the umbrella of the fully-owned North China Vacuum Technology Ltd. and the North China Innovative Lithium Power Equipment Technology Ltd., respectively, and are mainly used in photovoltaic material preparation and lithium cell electrodes. Thus, the spread of new energy applications, such as photovoltaic power and electric cars, will contribute to the growth of company performance.
The North’s Vacuum, which belonged to the original electronics department 700 before 2001, has been equipped to produce a variety of vacuum electronic tubes since the 1960’s, laying the foundation for China’s vacuum electronics industry, with strong technical capabilities. After 2000, as companies followed the market’s needs to develop single-crystal furnaces for photovoltaic chip production, it has gradually become one of the country’s leading manufacturers of single-crystal furnaces, and has also become the major supplier of equipment for Lungi’s shares.
We are already the world's leading photovoltaic producer, with a global photovoltaic silicon production capacity of about 185.3gw in 2019, with mainland China accounting for about 173.7gw, or 93.7 per cent of global capacity.
The company’s monocrystal operations are expected to grow steadily as a result of the continued expansion of large clients. The North’s titanium equipment company, formerly the Ministry of Electronics’ State 706th Plant, currently includes slurry preparation systems, vacuum mixers, coating machines, cutters.
Equipment such as machines, powerful swirling machines, high-speed cutters, etc. are used for lithium-electric materials. Since 2016, when the global power cell usage exceeded 50% of the total, the power cell for new energy vehicles has become the most important increase in lithium-based batteries, and according to the plan of the mainstream car company, the construction of conventional fuel vehicles will be largely discontinued over the next decade, with almost all the models on board.
With the ever-increasing use of vehicle-borne power cells, lithium-powered equipment will have huge space for demand.
Table 8: Corporate lithium battery production equipment 3.2 precision electronic components operations will increase steadily