High-quality congener synthesizing taps, new S.S. (002001) in-depth reports, new S.S.
Shinsuzu is one of the leading companies in the country's fine chemical industry. From the pharmaceutical center, the company has expanded its operations to vitamins, fragrances, new materials, and protein amino acid. The company is now one of the four largest vitamin producers in the world and has grown into an influential spice company.
At present, the price of ves is at the bottom of history, and it is high up. The company's ve process has been upgraded several times, and there is a clear competitive advantage.
Twenty-five thousand tonnes per year of new capacity under construction is expected to come into production in March 2020, when the company will become the world’s largest producer of vitamina core intermediates.
The company is the largest producer in the world, with its own core intermediate of lemon ellipse, and its ability to resist volatility is better than that of the same industry. The potential for ecstasy is great, and it is expected to “recreate a new composition.” The demand for ecstasy is high and in place.
The company’s first 50,000-ton capacity was put into production in early 2017, and the second 250,000-ton capacity is expected to be completed in 2021, when it will be the world’s fourth largest producer of ecstasy. At the current price of nearly $20,000/ton, it is estimated that the ecstasy project will generate about $6 billion in revenue for the company, with a "resort."
The market for fragrances is wide and stable. The company's products have scale effects and are promising for the development of new materials. The company is the largest producer of apps in the country, along with soil, soil and soil.
The company’s ability to compete with international producers, in cooperation with Tesman, has great potential for development. Moreover, the company’s 10,000-ton/year ppa project is expected to break the foreign monopoly.
The source of wealth and wisdom in the East, Shin and Cheng (002001): High-quality congener synthesynthesis.
Sino-Seng (002001): The high-quality congener complexion of chemical complexes 1. New and ingenuity is one of the leading companies in the fine chemical industry in the country. Zhejiang Seng-Seng is one of the leading companies in the fine chemical industry in the country.
Over the years, it has focused on fine chemical industries. In June 2004, the company was listed as the first company to be listed. The company focused heavily on the accumulation of fine chemical synthesis technology, starting from the pharmaceutical intermediate, using organic synthesis as a link, and successfully expanded its operations to vitamins, spices, new materials, and egg amino acid.
The company is currently one of the four largest vitamin producers in the world, and has developed into an influential fragrance business, a competitively competitive condensed acid production firm, and a promising new material enterprise.
From its inception to the present, the company has developed a four-fold business pattern of nutrients, fragrances, new materials, raw materials, and medicine intermediates. The company’s main nutrition business has a high market for vitamins, a prominent industry, a strong brand, a well-known leader in the country, and a well-known market position abroad.
At present, the company has three major production bases in Zhejiang, Zhejiang Xinchang, Shandong District, the main base for raw materials and nutrients; the main base for risk camps for nutrients, new materials; and the main base for spices, nutrients, nutrients.
Figure 2: The structure of new and formed major products The source of financial and intellectual growth in the East New and lasting (002001): High-quality, fine chemical synthesizing poles
Figure 3: Performance of the company's main products The source of financial and intellectual growth in the east The shareholders in the company are New and Consumptive Group Limited, the real control is Hobbes, and the equity structure is stable.
66.07 per cent of the company's operating income per year and 70.81 per cent of its gross operating profits; and growing abundance of fragrance plate products, figure 8: Level of Māori in New and Main Business
The company's growth path: “Technology-driven” and “Industrial-chain-driven” companies have steadily expanded from the original pharmaceutical intermediates to vitamins, pyre amino acid, new materials, biology.
In many areas, such as fermentation, but the growth path of the company is clear, and we summarize it briefly as “technology-driven” and technology-driven: the company is a typical representative of the initial platform for fine chemicals, and technology-plating is the core instrument through which the company can break through the limited market space for a single refined chemical product.
At the same time, a breakthrough in a combination of technologies can enhance the competitiveness of multiple products. For example, in 2008 or so, the company took control of the methification of c4 compounds and used them to upgrade the process of vitamine (the old process is based on acetone).
The new process is based on the production of isopal formaldehyde, with significant costs and environmental advantages, and fragrances. Industrial chain-driven: integration and serialization are the company’s main development path. For example, in the vitamin area, the company has continued to refine the main intermediate trimethylhydrazine (the main ring) and isoplant alcohol (the side chain) and through the process process.
The East’s financial and intellectual boom has led to the production of fragrance products in the middle, which are integrated, integrated and integrated. At the same time, from the company’s main downstream, feed companies, the company’s newly developed operations of ecstasy and vitamins can be shared.
In addition, in 2018, the company opted to invest in a biomeat project in the Heilong River, where residues can be fed, and the feed business, which is a downstream customer of the company's vitamin products, is expected to develop further.
The advantages of an integrated industrial chain, leveraging technological synergies, reducing costs and increasing profitability. 3. Vitamin operations have grown steadily and are gaining momentum.
Products such as vitamine and vitamina are mainly used in the feed industry, where vitamin additions promote animal growth, increase feed conversion efficiency, promote the absorption of key nutrients, increase reproduction and immunisation, and prevent vitamin deficiency.
In August 2018 to date, the outbreak of swine fever in Africa has been occurring in various parts of the country, directly or indirectly leading to the death of pigs. According to the Ministry of Agriculture, in March 2019, there was a 1.2% decline in the price of pig-bearing bars, a 18.8% decline in the same year.
The constant decline in pig stocks has led to an increase in the price of pork, which in March 2019 was 19.48 yuan per kilogram, a 6.3 per cent ring price increase, 2.1 per cent higher than before the outbreak of the African pigpest in August last year, 7.6 per cent higher than the same period last year, and 14.3 per cent, a 20.5 per cent higher price, for the whole country.
With the peak of demand, the price of pigs may be rising rapidly, the level of profits from pig farming will continue to improve, and Eastern financial and intellectual growth is expected to increase the temperature of pig farming, trigger upstream feed demand and hopefully boost the price of vitamina and vitamine.
The company ' s excellent technical and managerial capabilities and the profitability of its vitamin products have been significant advantages. The new production of 3.1ve, the source of financial prosperity in the East, has brought about new growth.
3.1.1 Vitamine prices are historically high and resilient. Vitamine is a human and animal essential vitamin and plays an important role in increasing immunity, resistance to oxidation and the prevention of infertility, improving animal productivity and improving animal meat.
Vitamin tungsten supply is based on a homogenous monopolistic pattern, with a tight supply and demand balance in the industry, and a high price elasticity. The price of vitamine can increase several times in a few months in the event of a shortage of intermediates triggered by an accident, while the newcomer companies are highly resilient and priced because they have achieved a full industry chain layout.
Since the second half of 2018, the price of vitamine has been on the rise since then. The market price of vitamine in April 2019 averaged $41.5 per kilogram, a cumulative increase of 18.6 per cent over the price of $35 per kilogram in October 2018.
Figure 15: Changes in historical prices of vitamine
The global production of vitamine is currently about 140,000 tons, and the global demand is about 70,000 tons, of which China needs about 12,000 tons, with a larger excess capacity. Forage is the largest sector of vitamine use in terms of consumption structure, accounting for 65%; medicine, cosmetics, 30%; and food and beverages, 5%.
Our vitamine is mainly exported. In terms of domestic export patterns, there is a rise in the price of pork, and in the second half of the year there is an increase in demand for feed, and the demand for vitamine is expected to rise.
According to 83 per cent of the export market share, the largest share of the new and formed sector was 30 per cent.
3.1.3 The supply pattern of vitamine has been rebalancing, and the supply and demand patterns of vitamine have been characterized by a preponderant monopoly, global production, and global marketing. Vitamine production has evolved rapidly since the 1980s, from nothing to weakness to strength, and has now become part of our chemical system.
The synthesis of vitamine is divided into three main steps: the synthesis of the main ring structure trimethylhydrazine, the synthesis of the synthesynthesis of the trimethylhydrazepines, the synthesis of the ethanol of the syllables, and the synthesis of vitamine from the main ring structure and the syllable structure. In this case, the production of trimethylhydrazine is new.
Kazeng, Zhejiang medicine, technology, Bassov and Tesman are monopolized; the production capacity of isoplant alcohol is monopolized by new, Zhejiang medicine, southwest synthesis, technology, Bastov and Tesman: vitamine production is monopolized by new and formed, Zhejiang medicine, technology, Jilin Nortesha, Tesman and Bassov.
In terms of concentration of the final product, vitamine is well-placed in the industrial chain. Newly available technologies have had a major impact on industry patterns.
In 2019, Tesman entered into a partnership agreement with Tesman, the leader of the industry, to operate vitamine and its intermediates. The two sides will form a new public division in Jingzhou, which will be run mainly by Ishigumi, a tech subsidiary, and Ishigumi, a new company.
This cooperation is expected to increase industry concentration, which will help leading firms to raise prices.
The Vitamine sector is expected to generate more productive capacity in the future, with an estimated 65,000 to 20,550 tons globally by 2021, according to company planning. The main new production capacity is concentrated in new and developed, technologists, Heljano, and domestic plants.
Figure 20: Global vitamin e production capacity and additions New and emerging sources of Eastern financial intelligence (002001): High-quality fine chemical synthesynthesizing taps
3.1.4 The new and completed vitamine process has been upgraded several times, with a clear competitive advantage. The company currently produces 25,000 tons of vitamine per year, while another 20,000 tons/year nutrition project is under construction, the main product being vitamine, which is expected to be operational by March 2020.
45,000 tons will be the largest global producer of vitamine.The company ' s vitamine production process has undergone several upgrades, and current production techniques and costs are competitive.
Methol is a feedstock, while methol is an important feedstock for synthetic pesticides, and there are no other ingredients to replace and sell, resulting in high production costs for trimethyl hydrazine. In order to escape dependence on methphenol, new and introduced amphromone production processes, acetone is used as a feedstock to aggregate into atropone and further oxidize to trimethyl hydrazine.
The method requires re-ladening and lodification of the amber ketone, which is more demanding for the technology of the process.
Acetone and acetylene processes. Newer and more economically safe aphrodite is used as a starting material, and can be produced on its own. The cost per unit of production of vitamine can be reduced by more than 5% compared to the previous production process.
Combination of vitamine by the main ring structure and the branch structure: After many years of research and development, the company, in addition to the traditional vitamine synthesis process, prepared trimethylhydrazepine diethylene (MHDP), trimethylhydrazepine (MHDP) and isoplantol (IDP) to produce vitamine. The process addressed the “triple waste” of the original process and reduced wastewater emissions from production.
More than 90% less, slag emissions less than 95%, reaction energy consumption less than 80%, and significantly lower end-of-pollution stress. And the main raw material is readily available from the market to petrochemical products such as trimethylphenol.
Regulate the production of different processes to control costs and have a certain degree of initiative in the market. 3.2 Take control of the va core intermediate and ensure industry leadership. Vitamina is one of the most important medicines for human growth and development and enhances resistance to disease.
Power, which is also an important feed additive, promotes animal growth and reproduction, maintains normal visual functions, guarantees the normal growth and development of bones, and improves the quality of animal products. Vitamina, similar to vitamine, is vulnerable to accidental events and has a high historical price volatility.
The fire at the Lemon ellipse production line, of which Basfe is the world’s leading supplier of vitamina intermediate lemon formaldehyde, led to a severe shortage of vitamina supplies and rising prices. The new and intermoniteur production process at the heart of vitamina has a relatively small competitive advantage, with its relatively small impact on market risk events.
The Vitamina industry is in a bourgeois monopolistic pattern, with a strong supply-side control, a high rate of business start-up, and a high level of industry.
The production cut-off between February and March, during which time its vitamina product was suspended and its price increase was expected to be strong.The market offer for vitamina in April 2019 averaged $333 per kilogram, an increase of 22.9 per cent from the average price of $271 per kilogram in October 2018.
2.7% to $375 kg. The current market offer for vitamina is $370 kg and is expected to remain at the top of the Eastern financial boom. The current global demand for vitamina is around 20-30 million tons, with downstream consumption mainly in feed, food and medicine.
In the health sector, feed is the most heavily used industry for vitamina, with a consumption rate of up to 80 per cent. The demand for vitamina is expected to increase as a result of the effects of the African pigpest, the continuing decline of pig stocks, the rising prices of pork, and the revival of pig farming.
In terms of domestic export patterns, three enterprises, namely, Soushuan, Zhejiang Medicine, and Kim Dawei, have the largest share of the domestic market for vitamina exports, 65% of which are new, with a prominent leader. 3.2.3 Vitamina technical barriers are high and supply patterns are more stable.
Unlike Vitamine, which is largely intermediate and integrated production, vitamina is not only influenced by raw materials, but is also complex in its own synthesis process, in highly financial and technologically intensive industries, with larger investments, higher entry thresholds, global oligopolistic patterns in the industry, and supply patterns that remain generally stable from year to year, with few exceptions.
The financial and intellectual sources of the east are in a state of monopolization, with a strong supply-side control and a high rate of business start-up.
A total of 36.1 million tons of vitamina are produced, with an estimated increase of 12.24 million tons to 48.5 million tons by 2021. Visoe ' s main production companies are Tesman, Bassov, Shining and Andesu, among others, and currently have 84 per cent cr4. 3.2.4 provides its own core intermediate lemon formaldehyde, which is more resistant to volatility than its peers.
With a new and current vitamina capacity of 10,000 tonnes/year, the largest global vitamina production capacity. Lemon formaldehyde is the key vitamina intermediate, the complex process of synthesizing lemon formaldehyde, and only three enterprises worldwide are industrially producing, with a high concentration of supplies, and the supply of lemondehyde directly limits the production capacity of vitamina.
Lemon formaldehyde, with a capacity of 40,000 tons and a global share of more than 70%, has been supplied by companies like Andy Sue, Kindaway and others by Basve: Zhejiang medicine has imported lemonde from Japanese cola: new and made-up lemon formaldehyde, can feed the raw material needed for vitamina production, and is more resilient than other companies in the same industry.
The current capacity is 8,000 tons of fresh and lemon formaldehyde, which is now used entirely for self-sustainability and is not sold to the outside world. New and planned 15,000 tonnes/year of lemon formaldehyde modifications and expansion projects are planned for the existing 3,000 tonnes/year of lemon formaldehyde production line.
Technological changes and the outsourcing of the new 12,000 tonnes/year production line have been completed, the extension project is under way, the additional capacity is being built, the company's lemon formaldehyde is expected to reach 20,000 tons, and the vitamina 4.
4.1 The price of ecstasy is historically low, and anti-dumping investigations have benefited domestic firms. Ecclesiastic acid is a product produced by fine chemicals with a high supply and demand pattern and a steady increase in demand. The price of ecstasy is currently at a low level, and is expected to rebound as the production landscape returns.
Fig. 31: Changes in historical prices of the national production of ecstasy, a source of financial prosperity in the East, is one of the most important amino acids necessary for synthetic animal proteins in animals, and is an important increase in protein feed.
Nutrient additives to compensate for the balance of amino acids, which are about 0.1% to 0.3% added. Ecliptic acid cannot be synthesized naturally in the animal body, must be taken from food, and downstream demand is rigid. Add 0.2% of Ecliptic acid to feed as opposed to complete non-aggregation of Ecterine, which reduces the cost of avian feed by about 23% and is of high value. Eclipsine is a poultry.
The first restricted amino acid for corn-bean daily food is the second restricted amino acid for pigs.
The source of financial growth in the East has benefited from the economic development and modernization of breeding methods, and human demand for animal proteins has risen steadily, leading to a steady increase in demand for pythonine. The global demand for pythonate is currently about 1.3 million tons, and it is about 6% annually.
Growth dynamics; domestic market demand is about 250,000 tons, or about 20% of the world’s share. Because of the high technical and financial barriers to the production of ecstasy, its production pattern is oligopoly abroad, with the top four firms in the industry being the largest overseas giants, cr4 being up to 85%.
Pilot production, thus breaking the country’s almost exclusive dependence on imports. With the gradual increase in techniques, techniques, and R & D, and the full use of labour cost and location advantages, large-scale domestic manufacturers with the technical and competitive power are expected to contribute to the process of localization of the country’s protein production, with active participation.
The world’s global monopoly on the pyrecine industry is gradually breaking down, in competition with the international community. With nearly 1.7 million tons of global production, there will be more planned new production in the future, and the total industrial output is expected to reach 2.6 million tons by 2021, if delivered on schedule.
New and productive, with new and future production, industry cr4 will fall from the current 85% to 76%. It is expected that demand growth in the egg amino sector will absorb some of the additional capacity and that the remaining additional capacity will have a certain impact on industry supply, and industry demand and prices may look for a new balance.
This is one of the few large tons of fine chemical products with a high degree of external dependence in the country and a high degree of import dependency.
General Customs Department statistics, 2007 - 2018, the import volume of ecstasy increased from 90 million tons per year to 169,000 tons per year, an increase of 88 per cent, from $230 million per year to $350 million per year, an increase of 54 per cent.
The monthly Department of Commerce decided to open an anti-dumping investigation into the imports of ecstasy originating in Singapore, Malaysia, and Japan. In 2018, our imports of ecstasy from these three areas accounted for 76% of the total imports, and if this application succeeds, domestic prices of ecstasy are expected to rise and domestic producers of ecstasy are expected to benefit.
Source of Eastern financial and intellectual boom 2, dumping margin** = absolute dumping/export price (cif) 4.2 PP2 will be in the first echelon.
After 10 years of technological closure, the company has fully mastered the production process for ecstasy. In January 2017, the company successfully tested a 50,000-ton ecstasy project, gradually tested and steadily expanded its products through equipment processes, released its capacity and successfully reached production. The company's two-phase 250,000 ecstasy project is expected to be completed by 2021, when the company will be able to do so.
As the world’s fourth largest producer of ecstasy, the industry’s first echelon, the downstream clients of ecstasy and vitamins are predominantly agro-feeding companies, and companies have well-established marketing networks within the global landscape, with long-term cooperation and a more stable presence in major feed markets around the world.
The benefits of business development are significant. At the current market price of nearly $20,000/t, it is estimated that the company’s pneumonic acid project could generate about 6 billion yuan in revenues, close to the company’s business income in 2017, with the potential to “recreate a new composition.”
The company insists on a development strategy centred on the product chain and is committed to enriching and perfecting the same fine industrial chain.
Product lines. The company dominates the process routes for vitamina and vitamine, with a large number of intermediates, and has many intermediates that can be sold as spices, and naturally begins to develop fragrance business blocks, which are becoming bigger. Fragrance plates have become one of the company’s core businesses, earning 24.02 per cent in 2018 and Māori 24.40 per cent in 2018.
Fragrances are artificially synthesized aromatic oils that imitate the smell of fruits and natural spices, which are pleasant aromatic scents that can be used to reconcile their compounds or mixtures with daily chemical spices, food spices and tobacco spices. The fragrances are widely used in a variety of industries, such as food, drinks, cosmetics, etc.
With economic development, people’s quality of life has been improving, and demand for fragrances is increasing. According to the data from Leffingwell & Associates, the global market for fragrances in 2006 was $18 billion, $26.3 billion in 2017, and cagr was about 3.5%.
The increase in living standards, as well as the transnational transfer of the global spice industry, the increase in the demand for and supply of spices in both directions, the faster development of the spices industry, the expanding market size of the spices industry, the market model for the spices industry in 2017 was approximately $62.1 billion, and the cagr in 2010-2017 was 7.8 per cent.
Figure 40: The size of our fragrance market from 2010 to 2017. 5.2 The profits of the company ' s fragrance business are growing. The application of the company ' s fragrance products covers a wide range of areas such as solarization, food and medicine.
There are synergies between the company's fragrance operations and its vitamin operations, such as aromatic aromatics and lemon formaldehyde, which are important raw materials for the production of vitamin e and vitamin a, the main ingredients are uniform, and the products have a scale effect that helps to reduce them.
Production costs increase profitability. Corporate revenue from fragrance business is growing, with a perfunctory business income of $2,086 million in 2018, or 24.02 per cent of the company ' s total revenue. The company ' s rate of Maori for fragrance business is steadily increasing in 2018, as a result of optimization of production processes and synergies with other business sections.
The company has a growing variety of fragrance business products, and according to the company's environmental review documents, there are currently several fragrance items under construction, new products are expected to be released, good trends are expected to remain high.
6. New material business expands the company ' s business profile. New material business is the company ' s future backbone, with companies guided by cost leadership, with integrated, serialized development thinking, with a focus on large products, building technological platforms such as chemical polymers, special fibres, applied processing, and so on.
Listing of products to enhance market competitiveness. At present, the company ' s new materials focus on products such as pps, ppa, etc., with 6.1 pps of excellent performance and a strong demand for polysulfur ethers (pps) as a special engineering plastic with a production capacity of nylons, polycarbonate esters, etc.
The polysulfur ethers have properties that are resistant to high temperature, radiation resistance, flame retardation, low viscosity, high-size stability, good smelting and chemical corrosion resistance, good intermediate electrical performance and wear resistance. They can be used in many industries, such as textiles, electrical appliances, automobile parts and components.
Currently, the world’s leading producers of pps are in the United States, Japan, Germany, and China. Japan is the largest producer of pps, with production capacity of more than 45% of the world’s total capacity.
New Union (002001): High-quality fine chemical complexes. Figure 43: Global pps production performance in 2017. Most of our apps production companies have introduced digestive absorption technologies, but the capacity for innovation is still clearly inadequate.
The production capacity and output of the pps are far from meeting actual production needs, requiring large annual imports and increasing year by year, with two of the most productive enterprises in the country, Sichuan, having stopped producing part of the postpartum production, and Xiaohua Hung, which is still in a state of shutdown due to environmental concerns, exacerbating the supply gap for polysulfur ethers.
Currently the largest producer of apps in the country, planning 30,000 tons of fibre-grade pps production capacity (inputed tons/year project is largely full in 2016: two 10,000 tons/year project completed trial production at the end of March 2017, currently functioning and producing products that meet design requirements; three future phases of work 15,000 tons/year project
The new and the Chengpps operations are divided into four blocks: raw material set-up, convergence, adaptation, and functional parts. The raw materials package and the Zhejiang soil work together to create a joint venture, Zhejiang Yau Chemical Materials Limited, to bring the raw materials closer together. In terms of adaptation, the company works with Tethman.
Sman is primarily responsible for research and development and marketing, and Seng is responsible for producing human and material resources. R & D, marketing platforms are starting the whole world, and production is in danger. Tesman's new and engineered plastics (Zhejiang) Ltd., a joint venture with Tesman, has been completed and will produce 14,000 tons/year.
New apps have been certified in Japan, the United States, etc., and have been exported to markets such as Japan, Korea, Europe, and the United States, with initial client approval. The company’s apps project has made a breakthrough in the production process, has developed its own know-how, has developed its ability to compete with international producers in terms of performance and cost.
Fig. 44: The business development of new materials in the company, the source of financial growth in the East, 6.2 ppa is expected to break the foreign monopoly.
The company is also involved in the new material area with the high-temperature nylon (ppa) project. Polybiphenylacetamine, short-term, is a semi-crystal thermal aromatic aromatic polyamide, commonly known as the aromatic aromine nylon, belonging to the semi-aromatic polyamide project plastics. Long-term working temperatures can be up to 180 degrees, short-term temperatures up to 290 degrees, high modulus, hardness and high.
ppa offers a wide range of applications in electronics and automobiles. Although our country is now the world’s largest consumer of polyamino fibres, polyamide engineering plastics are being produced on a small scale, technologically backward, low-grade products, and varieties.
It is difficult to meet domestic demand with a large volume of imports every year, especially from the high temperature polyamide-resistant engineering plastics project and the 10,000-ton/year high-temperature nylon (ppa) project, which is expected to address the situation of high-temperature nylon products being cut off or blocked by foreign firms, leading to the development of upstream and downstream industries.
Second, three production lines of 9,000 tonnes/producer lines will be phased or built in accordance with market demand. Performance has grown well. Corporate operating income and net profits have increased rapidly and steadily since 2016.
Corporate Māori rates and net interest rates have both recovered steadily since 2016, with corporate revenues growing steadily since 2016.
New Sink (002001): High-quality congener synthesizing taps, Figure 47: Corporate Māori Rates, Figure 48: Net Interest Rates on Corporate Sales
The collection of $4.9 billion in net assets increased significantly, the company slipped significantly in 2015 and in 2017, and the rest remained largely stable. In 2018, the company grew to 19.04%, with good profitability, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
Low asset-liability rates and good liquidity. Corporate asset-liability ratios remained stable for a long period of time, and the private-movement ratios fluctuated in 2017, but the overall level remained high and liquidity was good. Cash flows were strong and robust.
The annual operating cash flow has remained stable. The ratio of operating cash flows to net return profits has remained stable over the years, with new and emerging products as the backbone of the country’s high-quality congener complex, with higher market positions in the areas of vitamins, fragrances, new materials, egg amino acid, and so on. In the Vitamin industry, the new production of vitamine will bring about new growth and survival.
The supply of the core of the Sua intermediates has expanded, and the industry has a strong leader; the market for fragrances is wide and profitable; and the potential for new materials and proteins is enormous and promising.
New Satu (002001): The quality of fine chemical complexes is doubled. For the first time, coverage is rated as “strongly recommended.” Prices for major products have fallen, new production capacity in the industry has dropped rapidly, and environmental protection has weakened.
A source of wealth and wisdom in the East, Shin and Cheng (002001): a high-quality, fine chemical complexion leader, Liu Woo-joo.
Master of Finance, University of Management, Singapore; B.A., Beijing University of Aeronautics and Astronautics + Bachelor of Laws, cfa.
Research assistant profile: Law 4-D Bachelor of Chemical Engineering, University of Qinghua, Ph.D. in Chemical Engineering, New York State University, United States of America, cfa-witness, three years of chemical engineering experience.
Author of 5 national and foreign patents and more than 10 articles signed by leading international academic journals, with a cumulative number of references. Bachelor of Science in Chemical Engineering, Beijing University of Technology, Master of Chemical Engineering, University of Tarsa, United States of America, four years of experience in overseas chemical industries, joined Dong-hing Xu Kunlun in May 2018
Both undergraduate and M.A. are in the Department of Chemical Engineering at the University of Qinghua, where they worked at the China Petroleum Chemical Research Institute, three-year experience in the management of chemical technology development, and analyze their own research views. Any part of their remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
Our company makes no guarantee of the accuracy and completeness of this information, nor of any change in the information and proposals contained therein. We have tried to report on the objectivity and impartiality of the content, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.
Transactions, which may also provide or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants or financial products to these companies, etc.