q1 performance is affected by the epidemic, with high annual performance rates - 3 1 in the first quarter of 2020
On 28 April, the company issued a quarterly report for the year 2020, which generated revenues of $17,266 million. The fall in revenues of q1 was mainly due to delays in the start-up and investment of downstream industries such as infrastructure, mining, real estate, etc., affected by the epidemic. The cumulative sales of q1 excavators were 686,000, or 8.22 per cent.
Market value in circulation (million yuan): Since March, with the orderly resumption of work and the start of major capital projects, the demand for engineering machinery has gradually been released, the volume of excavators sold in March was equal to +11.6 per cent, and we expect the sales in the excavator industry to be equal to +50 per cent in April.
q131 excavators sold 18.2 million, a decline of 6.93% from the previous year, which was lower than the industry, with 26.6% of the city, an increase of 0.8 pct over 19 years, indicating a continued increase in corporate brand competitiveness. There was a slight decline in profitability, and a decline in operating cash flow, mainly due to increased corporate support to distributors.
q1 overall Māori rate is 28.17%, corresponding to 2.55pt, mainly to implement new income guidelines, lower sales, increase corporate support to distributors and customers, and help to overcome temporary difficulties. 20 years ahead, capital build-up capacity and high downstream demand will continue, and companies will be far away.
In 2020, the Ministry of Finance issued $1.29 trillion in advance in special debt, and by the end of q1 a total of 10.08 million was distributed nationwide.
In March, the excavator began with a digital and international transformation, with increasing competition. Moreover, the potential supply of overseas epidemics.
Reciprocal chain risk is expected to accelerate the domestication of core parts and components, which will help strengthen corporate-wide supply chain voice, and future competition between companies and foreign brands on the international stage is expected to be more competitive.
The firm’s investment in capital fixed assets has not been as forthcoming as expected: increased competition in the market: the global epidemic has been over and overtaken by events. The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner.
The data used in the commitment reports are based on compliance channels and the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional integrity and competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects his research views and concludes by reasoning his judgement that the conclusions are not subject to any third party ' s approval or influence.
According to the Securities Operating Licence (z23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.E.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the CVM. The securities investment advisory business is the act of the institution that acquires the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and its consultants in providing securities investors or customers with relevant information, analysis, forecasting, and publication of securities investment to customers.