The annual report for 2019 meets expectations, and the engineering and machinery landscape cycle is expected to continue. Events: The company published the annual report for 2019, which achieved revenue of $75,665 million, compared with the increase. The annual report's performance is in line with expectations. Profitability and quality of business are at the best level in history: the public.
billion, an increase of 83.23 per cent over the same period, and overall performance is in the medium forecast, in line with market expectations. The Māori rate for process machinery products is 33.26 per cent (+2.14 pct); net profit from sales is 15.19 per cent (+3.9 pct); and, on the cost side, the overall cost for the period is 14.72 per cent (-0.3 pct), which is 14.72 per cent (-0.3 pct).
Middle sales, management, financial cost rates have fallen by 0.71 pct, 0.95 pct, and 0.3 pct, respectively. Public lines have grown strongly and core competitiveness has continued to grow: sub-products, excavators, total equity/flow (million shares)
This is a decline from 3.96% growth in the previous year, mainly from Pumay and South-East Asia, where export markets are growing at a lower rate. Companies spend 3,644 million dollars on R & D throughout the year, compared to the same increase, and the firm’s core competitiveness continues to be raised.
107.72% long, increasing the competitiveness of their products and technologies. Counter-cyclical policies are increasing, and the engineering and machinery landscape is expected to continue: short-term epidemic versus 3 1-heavy jobs (600031).
On April 17, China’s financial equity pushed companies to “manufacturing plus” the Central Bureau of Political Affairs to identify the need for greater macro-policy responses to the epidemic.
“Services” transformation - fiscal policy needs to be more active, with higher deficit rates, special national debt against the epidemic, with an increase of three-time jobs (600031), Quarterly Performance Cards
By the end of the quarter, additional debt of $10.82.9 billion had been issued nationwide.
Large ahead of schedule, and clear that a specific debt cannot be used for earth storage and real estate, and that a high proportion of capital investment will be sustained. The engineering and machinery plate will significantly benefit from an increase in capital investment, and the second quarter will be a profit forecast and investment proposal: we expect the company to make a net profit for 2020-2022, respectively.
“buy-in” ratings are maintained. Performances are expected in 2019, the engineering and machinery climate cycle is expected to continue, and the engineering and machinery climate cycle is expected to continue in 2019.
For eight years, the financial sector has been active in such areas as Robot Trends. Before entering the financial sector, there is a wealth of business experience, and has been involved in production technology, markets, and strategies in the fields of engineering machinery and automobiles.
The Center, which joined the Pacific securities in July 2017, is good at bottom-up investment opportunities. The Center, which joined the Pacific securities in September 2017, is good at capitalizing on investment opportunities from industrial trends.
He worked at the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre and joined the Pacific Securities Association in July 2017.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.