The capital-to-bottom industry has a stable demand, corporate profitability, three-time jobs (600031.sh) and a year-round increase of $75,666 million in revenue from the company ' s 2019 annual report.
35.55 per cent: The net return to the mother was RMB 1,120.6 million, an increase of 83.23 per cent over the same period the previous year: the net cash flow generated by the operation was RMB 13,265 million, an increase of 26.01 per cent over the same period.
Our analysis and diagnosis are that the company's products are core competitive, with high net profit growth.
These factors influence the rapid growth in sales of engineering machinery. During the reporting period, company excavators, U Perede, earned $27,624 million in arms sales, an increase of 43.52 per cent over the same period, with the domestic market co-opt.
The military, with 60,000 sales out of the year, accelerated market share; concrete machinery sold $23,200 million, an increase of 36.76% over the same period, maintained the world’s first brand, and continued to consolidate the market position. During the same period, companies competed for such products as heavy machinery, stench machinery, road surface machinery, etc.
There has been a steady rise in competition and market share. The company’s earnings and operating profits have grown at a high rate as a result of increased sales of engineering machinery.
The transition has resulted in a significant increase in operating efficiency, per capita output and profitability, with a gross gross gross Māori rate of 33.26 per cent for engineering and machinery products, an increase of 2.14 percentage points over the same period in the previous year; net sales interest rates have been significant in recent years in terms of firm capacity-building efforts;
Cost is effectively controlled with a cost rate of 14.72 per cent for the period, a percentage point, and interest income is increased by $161 million over the year. Overdue payments continue to decline significantly, and the value sales rate is kept at its lowest level in history.
Promoting digitalization, internationalization strategies, and future sales of the bottom line of policy. During the reporting period, the Department continued to pursue its digital and intelligent strategy, with per capita output at the top of the global engineering and mechanical industry. In 2019, companies achieved $14,167 million in international sales revenue, a year-on-year increase.
3.96 per cent of corporate overseas sales continued to grow steadily, with a marked increase in export market position, and sales grew in all major overseas distribution regions, with rapid growth in Indonesia, the United States, Europe, Russia and Latin America.
With the second tranche of the special-purpose debt to ensure that investment remains stable, the rate of downstream recovery and the strength of the new capital policy, we believe that the demand for the new infrastructure, based on traditional infrastructure, is gradually being released. We expect this year's sales of engineering machinery.
Given the company’s high market share in the engineering and machinery industry, the current state of business and its profitability, we expect that the company’s performance will continue to grow steadily. The company’s forward-looking strategy of digitalization and internationalization, with a digital transformation, will facilitate the release of productive capacity, we expect.
The “recommended” rating is maintained. The risk of volatility in the engineering and machinery industry, internationalization does not expand as much as expected, and market competition exacerbates the risk.