A decline in the 2020 q1 performance affected by the epidemic and a significant increase in the q2 profit level is expected
17,766 million, a decrease of 18.92 per cent in the same year, a decrease of $2,194 million in the net return to the mother, a decrease of 31.90 per cent in the same year. The decline in income and profit was mainly due to delays in the start of work affected by the epidemic, which resulted mainly in a decline in the scale of sales and the impact of an adjustment in the calibre of the freight cost of sales; and cost aspects, sales, management.
The decrease is mainly due to an adjustment in the calibre of sales freight costs, the increase in management costs and R & D rates is mainly due to a decrease in income, with a slight increase in the combined cost of both, and the increase in the financial cost rate is mainly due to exchange losses (millions of shares)
Support for distributors and customers has helped to overcome temporary difficulties. Countercyclical policies are increasing, and the level of profit from 2020q2 is expected to rise significantly: 1-quarter epidemic, 3-hour work (600031), Annual Report 2019
The situation has had a significant impact on the domestic economy, and the recent growth of the overseas epidemic has had an impact on external demand, with expected performance in line with expectations, the engineering and machinery boom, and the domestic countercyclical policy will be stepped up, as noted by the Central Political Bureau of the Communist Party at its meeting on 17 April.
Prospectively sustained - 2020/04/24.
In order to raise the deficit rate, issue a special national debt against the epidemic, increase the number of local government bonds, increase the number of local government bonds, increase the number of large-scale growth, maintain the core competitiveness of companies, use the capital efficiently, and truly play a key role in stabilizing the economy.
With an additional special debt of $10.02.9 billion issued, much ahead of schedule, the capital will be invested in three heavy jobs (600031), a high proportion will be purchased, capital investments will be increased, and we will be able to judge the corporate surplus for the second quarter of the year.
Car finance equity drives companies to “manufacture plus” and maintain “buy-in” ratings. Performance of 2020q1 affected by the epidemic has declined, and q2 profitability is expected to rise significantly
The impact of the epidemic has declined in 2020q1, and the level of profit from q2 is expected to increase significantly. Industry research in the field is good at industrial chain research, especially in robotics and automation-related plates.
The Centre, which joined the Pacific equities in July 2017, is good at capitalizing on investment opportunities. The Centre, which joined the Pacific securities in September 2017, is good at capitalizing on investment opportunities from industrial trends.
The Centre, which joined the Pacific Securities Centre in July 2019, was dedicated to studying industrial fluctuations and finding certainty opportunities, and was employed at the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre, which joined the Pacific Securities Institute in July 2017.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.