The performance of the Centre for the Study of High-end Equipment Manufacturing and New Materials will increase significantly in the second quarter; the valuation of the weaker cycle will increase the company fundamentals (RMB)
The company released its first quarterly report in 2020, which achieved business income of $17.3 billion, a 19 per cent decline in the same year; net profit of $2.2 billion, a 32 per cent decline in the same year; net profit of $1.95 billion, a 37 per cent decline in the same year; delays in the growth of engineering machinery, with performance in the first quarter; and research and development costs and financial costs (exchange losses).
The same-year increase of nearly $300 million; increased corporate support to downstream distributors and customers, performance pressure. 3. "To the world's giants, Equipment Manufacturing + Finance" was affected by the epidemic in the first quarter of 2020, with the company's combined Māori rate of 28.2 per cent, down.
On April 23, 2020, the company issued an announcement that it would launch financial derivatives.
Operations, hedge exchange-rate risk in international operations, and reduce the impact of exchange-rate and interest-rate fluctuations on companies. Companies are pushing for a digital transformation and developing smartness, informationization, and research and development of key spare parts, with R&D costs still increasing by 18% in the first quarter of the epidemic; R&D costs are nearly $100 million more than in the same year.
The net cash flow of operating activities during the quarter, which is 900 million yuan, has been affected by the epidemic, sales have fallen, companies have increased their support for distributors and customers, helped to overcome temporary difficulties, and made them more sticky with distributors and customers.
The company's performance in the second quarter is expected to increase significantly! The build-up of the domestic demand policy, the build-up of the demand, the build-up of the industry, the build-up of the industry, and the growth of the company's market share are expected to increase further since mid-March.
The company’s main plant raises the price of small digs by 10% and the price of medium digs by 5%. With the impact of the epidemic, future capital investment is expected to increase by a factor and improve the edge of the property.
In 2020, growth is expected to be 15-20%. Overstretched policies are expected to increase the volume of blended car sales rapidly, and the elimination of old machines and the replacement of the environment continue to drive growth. Corporate concrete machinery generated $23.2 billion in 2019. A significant 37% increase, with the market maintaining its first position, with the Māori rate at 29.8%, a significant 4.6 pct increase over the same period.
Heavy machinery: In 2019, revenue amounted to $14 billion, an increase of 50 per cent in the same year, sales were historically high, and track cranes were in the forefront of the industry. Since 2019, heavy machinery has been 24.3 per cent of the gross, with a weakening of the base year, and companies are expected to have a premium on firm certainty over the next three years, with a further improvement in valuation.
Capital, real estate investments are not as high as expected: the risk of a new domestic crown epidemic is higher than expected overseas.
Figure 3: Corporate Māori Rates, Rapid Increases in Net Interest Rates, 2019
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment