Entrepreneurship has increased significantly, and companies have re-innovated.
On April 23, the company published a 2019 report, and in 2019 it achieved an operating income of $75,666 million, an increase of 35.55 per cent, and a net return profit of $11,207 million, an increase of 83.23 per cent. In addition, the company intends to return to its historical highs, with a marked recovery in the gross rate of gross-origin in concrete machinery.
During the reporting period, the company achieved an operating income of 75.666 billion yuan, an increase of 35.55 per cent over the previous period, which is a historic high. By way of sub-products, the company has achieved 45.4 per cent and 36.88 per cent respectively in the excavator machinery, concrete machinery, crane machinery, pillar machinery, surface machinery.
The cost rate was effectively controlled during the period, with a significant decrease of 1.96% \triangleright step over the same period and effective control over the cost during the period.
Significant improvements in entrepreneurial capacity and high re-innovation of net cash flows from operating activities \triangleright reported a decrease in the number of working days in accounts receivable from 126 days in the previous year to 103 days, with a continuing high level of overdue payments
The decline in value sales was kept at the lowest level in history, with a net cash flow of $13.265 billion in corporate activity, an increase of 26.01 per cent compared to the previous year, which was again at an all-time high.
As a result of the new crown epidemic, the cumulative sales of domestic excavators fell by 8.2 per cent in January-March this year, however, s010,1199030014 postponed the pace of resumption of the current round, but did not affect the overall needs of the industry.
To control, business operations begin to return to normal, and the demand for the deferred sector is released. Given the epidemic, the country’s demands for steady economic growth have risen, and the countercyclical regulation of infrastructure has continued, we anticipate that the engineering and machinery industry will maintain a high profile, and that the company, as the leader of the industry, is expected to fully enjoy the industry.
The company’s current concrete machinery has become the world’s first brand, the United Market Champion for nine consecutive years. With its excellent product quality and excellent service capacity, the company is expected to further expand its market share, both domestically and globally, taking into account its branding strength and excellent product competitiveness, and to combine it with its performance.
Growth and current valuation levels, for the first time, were covered with a “recommended” rating; demand in the engineering and machinery industry was lower than expected; increased competition in the industry led to a price decline;
Li Feng, Executive Vice-President of the Institute, served on the National Economic and Social Commission, the Ministry of National Materials, the Ministry of National Trade, the China Sindha Trust Investment Corporation and the Chinese Galaxy Securities Corporation.