For the first time, the net profit from maternity fell by 10 billion, with business performance at an all-time high. 24 April 2020, business performance at an all-time high in 2019. In 2019, companies achieved a revenue of 75,670 million yuan.
This represents a 35.6 per cent increase in the same year; a net return of $11.21 billion, an increase of 83.2 per cent in the same year; and a steady increase in the state of the mechanical industry, with the company selling its products and performing at a record high level.
In 2019, the company ' s Māori ratio was 33.3 per cent, an increase of 2.1 per cent in comparison; the net interest rate was 15.2 per cent, an increase of 3.9 per cent in comparison; and the weighted average net asset collection.
The Māori ratio of company excavators/concrete machines/heavy machines/powder machinery/road machinery, respectively, as at 23 April 2020
In 2019, the company ' s stock turnover/receivables turnover rate was 3.9/3.6 times, increasing by -0.1/0.7 pct each year. The net cash flow from operating activities was $13.27 billion, compared to the high demand for engineering and machinery industries and the high sales rate. Work resumed throughout the country in March.
Speeding up, adding up the demand of the first two months, the 49,000 excavators sold a month, up 11.6% from the previous month, and in March the number of excavators sold was one month higher than ever before. As a result of the outbreak abroad, the industrial chain of engineering machinery, both offshore and offshore, was hit by a major shock, and the main plant was left with zero.
The component manufacturers have announced successive stoppages or reductions in production, shortages in the supply of core parts and substantial increases in production costs; the prices of products such as excavators, concrete pumps, etc., have been revised upwards in major mainframe plants since April, and the price wars in the industry were effectively curbed in 2019, with the industry entering a high-quality development phase.
On the other hand, market demand remained strong in 2020, with capital investment expected to pick up rapidly with the intervention of a series of countercyclical adjustment measures, housing investment expected to recover gradually, engineering and machinery needs “overcompensated rebound” periods, mainframe and spare parts manufacturers continuously overloaded, and product supply was in short supply.
The rating system's “market index” is referred to by 300 indexes. I am qualified for portfolio investment consultancy or considerable professional competence by the Chinese Securities Association, and I am diligent, professional, independent and objective.
This report is produced with knowledge. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.