— Trinity Work (600031.sh) issued its annual report for 2019 on the evening of 23 April. During the reporting period, the company achieved operating income.
A cash dividend (including taxes) of $4.2 per 10 shares is proposed for all shareholders.
Operating income: 2019q4 achieved operating income of 16,975 million yuan, an increase of 15.13% over the same year, and 10,91% over the ring. The engineering and machinery industry has a pattern of sales throughout the year, and has continued to grow steadily as traditional sales in the last four quarters, with the engineering and machinery industry showing an over-resilient outlook.
Quarterly Māori is over 33 per cent, with a marked increase in the Māori rate for concrete machinery and strong competition for small-scale excavations, points where R&D inputs for key spare parts have increased, and benefits for disposal of fixed and intangible assets.
Total financial/operational analysis: high turnover in net operating cash flow: 32.69% Māori sales achieved during the reporting period, an increase of 2.07 percentage points over the same period, mainly with a scale effect.
The machines and excavators grew at a rate of over 40 per cent, while benefiting from strong industry demand and rising market ownership; on the other hand, intense competition led to a “price drop” in the price, a digging machine, a weighter-rich ratio 1, the Tri-Eight Worker Annual Report: excellent performance and higher performance throughout the year.
Taking into account the impact of the epidemic on core parts and components, a rational increase in prices would help the industry to return to benign competition. Strong “manufacturing + services” layouts 2020-01-222, Trinity work half-yearly reviews: high rates of product markets
Income, reflecting a solid marketing policy. Outlook: The strong will continue to live up to the countercyclical + the strong + globalization. Countercyclical: macro-level, the Ministry of Finance calls for accelerated implementation everywhere.
At the beginning of the year, local debt was issued at a speed, with priority areas focused on infrastructure development. The strong are strong: after two full cycles of training, the country’s leading mainframe plant has acquired the strength to further oligopoly concentration, and the market share of a large number of tail companies will be eroded globally.
The distribution has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report. What changes? We have tried to report objective and fair content, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only, and the information or observations in the report do not constitute the purchase of the said securities.
Any investment decision made by an investor on the basis of a bid or bid is not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek investment for them.