2019: Performance met expectations and industry was up to 112.10 billion on 24/04 2020, +83.2 per cent year-on-year (performance forecast: $10.8-118 billion, as expected); net profit deductions
In 2019, the company actively promoted digitalization, intelligent transformation and a record level of business capability.
The overall Māori ratio for engineering and machinery products is 33.26%, compared to +2.1pc; the annual net interest rate is 15.19%, compared to +1.7pc. As the company’s digitized and intelligent strategy moves forward, we expect that the company’s cost side will remain steady and its net operating cash flow will return to record highs and asset quality will continue to improve.
During the reporting period, the Division ' s net operating cash flow was $13.27 billion, compared to +26.0 per cent, a further record high. The number of days spent on accounts receivable decreased from 126 days in the previous year to 103 days, and the amount of overdue payments was significantly reduced and the rate of late sales of value was controlled.
The meeting of the Political Bureau on March 27 called for a “higher fiscal deficit rate, special state debt, higher size of local government bonds”.
Performance: The target of 3.5 trillion new special-purpose debt and 70 per cent investment in infrastructure this year will be 1.9 trillion more than in 2019. With the impact of the new crown epidemic, we expect the government to increase its contribution to capital.
There will be increased countercyclical regulation, real estate policy is expected to ease and boost steady capital growth, capital investment increases 2, Trio Work (600031): adjustment of AFC purchases to reasonable prices
The industry’s climate is growing, and its share of profits is focused, raising the valuation level. With capital investment going back + replacement peaks, the industry’s climate is growing in 2020.
3. Triple One Work (600031): Tight to be collected, good share focussing on the top, and it is expected that the rate will accelerate throughout the year at Trinity, with an estimated premium on the purchase of engineering machinery financial services.
▪ The internationalization strategy has been advancing steadily, the internationalization strategy in overseas markets has been advancing steadily, and overseas sales have been growing steadily. In 2019, the company's overseas sales revenue of $141,700 million, an increase of 4.0 per cent compared to the previous year, was constrained by a decline in exports from major market sectors, and companies have experienced a decline in exports over the past year.
There has been a limited increase in overseas sales. Corporate products are internationally competitive, and “sales + finance” channels are being continuously expanded to boost market shares along the “one-way” route and in developed countries, with significant results: 100 per cent, up to more than 50 per cent, with substantial growth in the form of overseas earnings over the long term.
Over the long term, overseas markets are optimistic, looking at a 30% or more of the future composite growth rate. In the case of the epidemic, companies have a high degree of uncertainty about short-term overseas sales, but they can remain cautiously optimistic.
At a lower level, the epidemic is relatively manageable and the demand is high; second, a follow-on countercyclical policy for emerging countries is expected and potential demand is still in place; and lastly, the company ' s product value is high and continues to increase its overseas municipal services resources, with a steady increase in market share expected to continue.
The company’s share of the excavator abroad is currently only about 3%, which is highly incompatible with the quality of the company’s products and product orientation. As the company’s services resources increase, the share of overseas cities rises year by year, and we expect that the company’s overseas market revenues will continue to grow at a compound rate of over 30% in the future.
The epidemic may provide opportunities to accelerate production, import substitution, and international mergers and acquisitions of parts and components. The company’s core parts are now more productive, with $2.18 billion in 2019, or +48.4 per cent, in the company’s hydraulics camp at the bottom of the fence; and a net profit of $320 million, or +63.9 per cent, in the case of the epidemic, in the case of the national production engineering machinery.
Manufacturers are better prepared than foreign firms, creating an enabling environment for home-owned enterprises to move out, and promising opportunities for high-quality organizational, industry-chain mergers and acquisitions, leading to changes in global engineering and machinery patterns. Figure 4: Concrete machines generated $23.2 billion in 2019, compared with 37 per cent in 2019.
Figure 5: Gross sales of domestic excavators, 236,000 in 2019, an increase of 15.9 per cent over the year, figure 10: annual increases in the roe and roa levels, figure 9: annual increases in the turnover of receivables
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board