Three heavy jobs (600031), performance meets expectations, superb glory continues - three heavy jobs in 2019.
Income growth has been strong and core competitiveness has continued to grow Sub-products, with diggers earning $27,624 million, i.e. +43.52 per cent, municipalities 25.8 per cent (i.e. +0.8 pct), sales out of 60,000 a year, with nine consecutive years of domestic sales champions; concrete machinery
Market value in circulation (million yuan): Won, equal to +49.55 per cent, a record high, market position has risen significantly, and track cranes have been established first in the industry; the machinery of a piece of work earns $4,809 million, i.e., +254 per cent, and the first brand of China has a steady share.
Regionally, international revenues of $14,167 million, or +3.96 per cent, have remained steady despite the decline in exports from major market sectors. Corporate sales abroad have grown steadily.
In 2019, the company actively promoted a digital transformation and significantly increased its operational capacity. The total number of engineering and machinery products continued to fall significantly by 103 days, the rate of overdue sales was kept at its lowest level in history, at 49.72%, and the level of management of operating risks, especially of goods, was the best in history.
4.1 million dollars, a net per capita profit of $6.1 million, is at the top of the world's engineering and machinery industry.
Billion dollars, year-on-year +63%, the country has increased countercyclical regulation, accelerated capital investment upwards over 20 years, adding to the growing demand for renewal and the growing demand for artificial replacements, and continuing the downwinding of engineering machinery. q1 excavator sales have fallen by 8.2% on a year-on-year basis, still better than expected; Trinity has 26.6%.
In addition, the potential supply chain risks associated with the overseas epidemic are expected to accelerate the domestication of core parts and components, which will help strengthen the corporate supply chain discourse.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association, has been able to present this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner.
The data used in the commitment reports are based on compliance channels and the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional integrity and competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects his research views and concludes by reasoning his judgement that the conclusions are not subject to any third party ' s approval or influence.
According to the Securities Operating Licence (z23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.E.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the CVM. The securities investment advisory business is the act of the institution that acquires the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and its consultants in providing securities investors or customers with relevant information, analysis, forecasting, and publication of securities investment to customers.