The impact of the epidemic is a short-term pressure on the performance of a quarter, the demand for engineering machinery is delayed in the second quarter, and the performance of the company is short in the first quarter.
The epidemic has delayed the demand for engineering machinery and a short-term pressure on the company’s performance in the first quarter. The impact of the epidemic on the country, the construction period, and the compensatory demand release of the next week in the second quarter. The start of the mechanical infrastructure, real estate, mining, etc. has been significantly delayed and the demand for equipment has been delayed.
The resumption of work at various locations has advanced in an orderly manner, major projects have accelerated down, the landscape of the engineering and machinery industry has begun to turn up, and demand from the industry has been gradually released. According to the Association, there has been a cumulative drop of 8.2 per cent in the sales of excavators in the first quarter of the year compared to the previous, with a cumulative increase in the level of year-to-month adjustments, a return to the high growth track of 37.0 per cent in corporate performance, a similar increase of 11.6 per cent in March, and a decline in the sales of vehicle cranes in the first quarter compared to 14.6 per cent in concrete.
In absolute terms, the increase is close to $100 million, mainly due to the continuous expansion of the digital transition, cutting-edge technologies and products in the industry, and spare parts research and development. The net cash flow of $890 million in the first quarter of operations is mainly due to a decline in sales and increased corporate support for distributors and customers, which is difficult to share with clients.
Reciprocal demand began in the second quarter, releasing a higher degree of countercyclical adjustment, and the company’s performance will return to high-growth trajectory. As the resumption of work is accelerated downstream, engineering and mechanical products, such as excavators, concrete pumps, car cranes, etc., are suppressed in the first quarter, demand will be released in the second quarter, adding to the higher level of in-country countercyclical regulation, and the engineering and mechanical industry will continue in the second quarter.
We expect that the sales of excavators will increase by more than 50 per cent in April, the domestic market by more than 20 per cent in the second quarter and by 5 per cent in the year as a whole, and that the sales of car cranes will also increase at a higher rate in April, which is expected to be prolonged and subsequent sales of blenders are expected to be relatively stable, with a modest positive increase expected in the second quarter and throughout the year.
In the second quarter, the industry’s performance will return to a high growth trajectory, with a single harvest expected to achieve a high growth of more than 30%, while we still expect companies to meet their revenue target of more than $85 billion throughout the year. Short-term market shares will fluctuate from productive capacity, marketing policies, etc., and the company’s market share in core products will continue to grow in the medium to long term.
The branding influence, the market position and the impact of the epidemic on small and medium-sized firms are expected to increase further, as is the company ' s market share of excavators and profitability; concrete machinery continues to be a leader, the market share of concrete pumps is expected to fall temporarily over 2019, and the market share of company pumps is expected to recover during the second quarter of the year as the supply chain and capacity resumes.
It appears that the pump is still expected to achieve about 45 per cent of the market share, that the company mixer market continues to be in the forefront of the industry, and that both the cure and the impact of the epidemic have contributed to the concentration of the industry into leading firms, with a market share of about 20 per cent of the company mixer in 2019, with much room for improvement in subsequent markets; and that the three-tier pattern of cranes is clearer, with the company-industry gap narrowing over the last two years.
The volatility of short-term market shares does not change the three-way trend. Global epidemic control is not as fast as expected, downstream recovery is not as fast as expected, industry competition is increasing, and capital and real estate investments are not as expected.
Qualifying for portfolio investment consultancy, Yang Shao Fai