The decline in electricity prices has affected performance, the construction of new energy projects has advanced in an orderly manner, business income has grown and net profit returns have declined in the same year. In 2024, companies achieved operating income.
The main reason for the increase in income from the industry was the company's investment in new projects, which generated more electricity on a year-on-year basis; the main reason for the decline in net profit on a year-on-year basis was: (1) changes in the structure of electricity on the Internet, market-based transactions (s098052106002)
Increase in the share of electricity, combined with a decrease in average electricity prices on a year-on-year basis, combined with the distribution of power sources and the combination of the region's consumption, resulting in a failure to increase the generation income with the size of the installed machinery and the increase in the volume of electricity generated; (2) new grid-connection projects in 2023, with depreciation and operating costs associated with the construction work in progress in 2024
(4) The level of profitability of participating enterprises fluctuates, operating income falls on a year-on-year basis, with a small increase in the net return to the mother. In the first quarter of 2025, companies were able to absorb new energy electricity markets in the region, market trading effects, and combined electricity prices fell on a year-on-year basis, resulting in revenue collection.
The company’s increase in net profits from the same period was due to the company’s strategic re-focus on the main business, which generated higher returns and higher non-recurrent gains and losses. New energy projects were advanced, and installed capacity is expected to increase.
The Bureau, which focused on Guangdong, Fujian, Jiangsu, expanded the areas of Shandong, Liaoning, Hainan, Shanghai, Tianjin, Zhejiang, Guangxi and others, continued to increase its resource reserves and steadily promote project approval, construction and production.
By the end of 2024, the company was planning to build a project with a capacity of 16,435,000 kW, of which 4.8684 kW and 7,45001 kW are wind power.
In the wake of the release of the “Map 136”, the introduction of new energy sources into the Internet has been promoted.
Three Gorges Energy (600905.sh) - Decreasing electricity prices affect performance, and it is expected that the profitability of energy generation projects in construction projects will gradually become more robust.
Three Gorges Energy (600905.sh) - Multiple factors influence a decline in profitability, new energy lines, three Gorges Energy (600905.sh) - a decline in cost increases, new energy projects, billions (-13.60%). The main reason for the growth in corporate operating income is the generation of electricity from new projects.
same-year increase: the main reasons for the decline in net profit on the same basis are: (i) changes in the structure of electricity on-line, marketized metr/kwh (-7.95 per cent) and average photovoltaic electricity cost of 0.3673/kwh (-25.61 per cent) and the failure of electricity generation revenues to increase in proportion to the size of the units and the increase in the volume of electricity generated as a result of the combined distribution of the power sources and the region ' s dissipation.
Long; (2) New Connectivity Project 2023 continued production in 2024 with depreciation and operating costs shifting with construction work in progress Declined on a year-on-year basis, resulting in a small increase in net profit for the mother. In the first quarter of 2025, companies achieved business income of billions (-13.87 per cent).
Trading effects, combined electricity prices have declined on a year-on-year basis, leading to lower revenues. The reasons for the increase in net corporate return profits on a year-on-year basis are: (i) lower running income on a year-on-year basis, higher depreciation and higher operating costs, as a result of changes in the number of new projects and power source categories; and (ii) strategic restructuring of the company ' s main industry to dispose of the revenue generated by the hydroelectric block operations.
The profit was larger, with non-recurring gains and losses increasing on the same basis. 45,173 million kilowatt hours, an increase of 15.96 per cent in the same year (29,395 million kilowatt hours of wind power generation on land, a rise of 65.44 per cent in the same year compared to 25,401 million kilowatt hours of electricity generation; and 820 million kilowatt hours of hydroelectric power generation, an increase in the same year.
6.36 per cent; stand-alone storage capacity generated 558 million kWh, an increase of 469.39 per cent in the same year; 13.368 million kWh of electricity, an increase of 11.21 per cent in the same year (9.03 billion kWh of land-based wind power generation, an increase of 20.30 per cent in the same year; 4.33 billion kWh of offshore wind power generation, a decrease of 3.90 per cent in the same year); and solar power.
Power generation: 6,234 million kWh, an increase of 12.93 per cent in the same year; stand-alone energy generation: 181 million kWh, a comparison to figure 3: net profit and increase (in billions of yuan) of energy from the three Gorges, with corporate financial cost rates of 14.50 per cent, administrative costs of 6.81 per cent, financial cost rates and management fees, respectively
Less funding for process and fixed assets and less debt financing on a year-on-year basis. Figure 7: Energy cash flows in the three gorges (billions) Figure 8: Energy Roe in the three gorges and Dupont analysis
New energy projects are under way and capacity is expected to continue to grow. The company continues to deepen the sea wind layout, bringing together the regions of Jia Guangdong, Fujian, Jiangsu, Shandong, Liaoning, Hainan, Shanghai, Tianjin, Zhejiang, Guangxi, and continues to increase its resource reserves, steadily promote project approval, construction and production, and further implement the “Maritime Wind”
Meanwhile, the development of a large land-based clean energy base has been continuously expanded, and the base-based project has been fully promoted. In 2024, the company added 791.7 million kilowatts of installed capacity to develop land-based wind and light projects around priority areas such as Inner Mongolia, Xinjiang, Qinghai, Gansu, etc.
The planned installed capacity is 16,4385 kilowatts, of which 48,684 kilowatts of wind power, 745.01 kilowatts of light voltage and 3.6 million kilowatts of pumping water. After the release of “letter No. 136 on conversion prices”, the introduction of new energy sources into the electricity market has been promoted.
The author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; that the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, that, by reasoning and drawing conclusions, independence, objectivity, impartiality are sought and that the conclusions are not directed or influenced by any third party; and that the author has not studied them in the past, now or in the future.