Impairment delayed performance, disposal of hydropower assets focused on new energy masters -- tri-gorge energy annual report 2024 & one-quarter review 2025 — tri-gorge energy (60905.sh)
Billion yuan, +12.13 per cent; net profit on return to the mother is $6,611 million (6,056 million deducted), compared to pottery, Liang Yunan
At the end of the day, the company had a cumulative installed capacity of 4796.14 million kilowatts, of which wind power (sea wind), photovoltaics, hydroelectrics, single-access electricity, the company ' s online electricity prices in 2024, wind power, PVs 0.453 and 0.367, respectively, the price of electricity, depreciation and increased operating costs, and the loss of margin impairments, which together resulted in the company ' s 24-year profit.
On the basis of lower prices, the company ' s 24-year reconnection of new energy projects with the company ' s 24-year fixed-up plan and increased operating costs resulted in the company ' s 24-year wind and light-voltage Māori ratio, which was $892 million more than in the same period the previous year. More specifically, 24 years of company accounts receivable, long-term
25q1 electricity, electricity prices, and cost trends continue, with the disposal of hydropower assets yielding a great deal of money to the company’s performance. 25q1, the company achieved 19.783 billion kilowatt-hours (kWh) of electricity generation, +11.55% of the year. The wind (sea) power, photovoltaic, independent storage capacity were 133.68 (43.36), 62.34 and 181 million kilowatt-hours (kWh), respectively.
At the same time, taking into account, inter alia, the increase in depreciation costs associated with the installation of additional machines, the company ' s total Māori ratio of 25q1 was 49.32 per cent, a decrease of 9.59 pct (25q1 compared to the test operating income of 24q1) compared with the Māori base.
In addition, for reasons of managing the radius, the company sells its own hydropower assets, and in the future it will be better focused on the new energy business. As a result, the company generates investment revenues of 736 million yuan, compared to +572 million, of which the disposal of hydropower assets contributes about 474 million yuan, the rest of which we expect to be largely in the factor.
By the end of 24 years, the company was building 16,4385 kilowatts of installed capacity. Specifically, within the wind power project, the company is currently building offshore wind power projects, including the Tianjinnan Sea.
The upper wind power demonstration project, the Yangtze Qingzhou 5 offshore wind power project, the Yangtze Qingzhou 6 offshore wind power project, etc., together accounted for 2.224 million kilowatts, or 30 per cent of the aircraft installed in late 24 years.
Wind leaders continue to benefit from the profitability and flexibility of sea wind assets. As compared to this increase, it is proposed to invest in the Xinjiang base project, and I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively, with due diligence, with a clear and accurate view of my research.
Downstream research. Used to work on civil securities, Pacific securities, and joined China’s Galaxy securities in January 2022.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.