China Science Dawn (603019) Computers with robust growth in performance and enhanced eco-economy in the computing industry
Realization of a net return to the mother, 560 million yuan, an increase of 3.4 per cent in the same year; realization of a deduction to the net return to the mother, $370 million, an increase of 20.0 per cent in the same year. Single q2 achieved an operating income of 32.3 billion yuan, an increase of 4.2 per cent in the same year; realization of a net return to the mother, an increase of 420 million yuan, an increase of 1.6 per cent in the same year; realization of a deduction to the net return to the mother, an increase of 310 million yuan, an increase in the same year
20.8% of non-profit performance exceeded previous performance reports. Qualitative non-profit performance continued to increase, reinforcing the eco-economy of the computing industry. In the larger context of arithmetical nationalization, companies continued to break through the core of high-end computers, and the proportion of self-researched products continued to rise, reaching a Maori rate of 2024h1.
26.3 per cent, with an increase of 0.21 pp in the same year; at the cost end, the company ' s own business performance was relatively stable at 6.0 per cent for sales, management and R & D, respectively, but the net return on investment was $220 million, an increase of 37.3 per cent over the reporting period; the company, as a high-performance lead in the middle-class system, owned sealight information, dawn figures, Chinese science.
A number of high-quality assets, such as star charts and dawn clouds, contribute to the growth of corporate performance on a continuous basis. Quiz/Technology, driven by two wings, benefits from the depth of the company’s overall layout.
Technology systems to develop high-end computer products such as impregnated liquid cold blades and man-smart workstations, based on upstream product rotation and downstream customer needs: to accelerate import of national production core parts, to explore best cluster practices, best performance storage matching, and to enhance system stability.
In 2023, six departments jointly issued the Plan of Action for the Quality Development of the Arithmetic Infrastructure, placing greater demands on the construction of a network of arithmetic.
The company has been building a national platform for physical numeracy services since 2019, integrating distributional resources such as numeracy, storage, networks, data, etc., and, through the integration of numeracy standards and interfaces, wrapping the algorithms into envelopes to achieve universal, intelligent numeracy flexibility;
In 2024, the company was actively involved in the construction and operation of urban computing services platforms such as Beijing, Chongqing, Qingdao and others, with a growing influence. $2.12. Companies, as leaders of the country’s core information infrastructure, are expected to benefit in depth from the figures.
China Society (603019): There has been a steady increase in profitability, and Nose will not receive any form of compensation either directly or indirectly due to, for example, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.