Middle Science Dawn (603019.sh): Strong performance, growth, steady progress in arithmetic
The company, which was strongly promoted by the Chinese Academy of Sciences and based on the major research results of the national “863” programme, returned to its mother's non-net profit of $366 million, an increase of 20% over the same period.
A high-technology enterprise. The company is mainly involved in research, development, production of high-performance computers, general servers and storage products, and provides software development around high-end computers.
Integrator and technology services. Companies are leading domestic firms in high-performance computing. The nebula, developed by Dawn, accounts for $366 million in non-net profits, an increase of 20% over the same period.
High-performance computers, in the context of the 35th Global Supercomputers, are still able to achieve a double increase in revenue and net profit, with the company withholding the net profit rate from the parent, which peaks 30 billion times per second in the "top 500" system.
The reason for the higher net return is that other gains have declined, but overall revenue and profitability remain steady, with millions of times, the second most successful global achievement, and the third most measured performance in the world.
In the first half of the year, the company’s Māori/sales/management costs/calculations remain under investment, and the company’s stock-keeping and network-building are progressing steadily.
With the introduction of the Plan of Action for the High-Quality Development of Arithmetic Infrastructure, central state-owned enterprises and local governments have implemented the central “moderately pre-positioned digital infrastructure” to build new infrastructure represented by the Centre for Idea, with operators taking the lead in generating a summation of 10,000 kilocalories.
The trend towards national production is also clear, with several policies in place in various parts of the country supporting the development of national production capacity: Shanghai has a 100% capacity-building capacity for autonomous centres of intelligence; Tianjin has proposed that the use of a home-grown numeracy chip in 2026 will exceed 60%. In the last two years, more local governments have introduced a “calculation voucher” policy.
Government subsidies have reduced the cost of using numeracy resources for businesses and accelerated the digital transformation of industries. Companies 146,326,146,326 have received customer approval for stockkeeping products, and Chinese high-end computer products have been widely applied to operators, operators and operators.
The company is expected to benefit from a sustained decline in the value of the follow-up calculation. (2) The state strongly supports the value of the calculation.
Connectivity construction, the implementation opinion on the in-depth implementation of the East and West Count project to accelerate the construction of the national integrated numeracy network, proposes “the construction of a cross-regional computing system, the establishment of a cross-regional numeracy resource movement mechanism and the establishment of a cellular numeracy movement system”; and the Informationization Standard Building Action Plan (2024-2027).
In the reporting period, the company actively participated in Beijing, Chongqing, Chongqing, Beijing, and Beijing.
The company’s profitability projections and investment ratings: the company’s ability to generate both revenue and net profits is high in the context of overall environmental pressure and overseas technology sanctions.
National production is strongly supported, companies are making steady progress in their stock-keeping operations and in their network-building, and the long-term growth of their companies is a source of financial and intellectual growth in the East.
The source of financial and intellectual growth in the East, the source of financial and intellectual growth in the East, the source of financial and intellectual growth in the East, the source of financial and intellectual growth in the East.
The source of financial and intellectual growth in the East is Jan Young-ja, financialit, car intelligence, etc.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
China Science and Technology (603019.sh): Performance is growing steadily, and arithmetic is advancing steadily, and there is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice. We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only, and the information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter that this report evaluates or recommends.
Businesses may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.