Performance meets expectations, building the whole chain of national production to calculate ecology 25 August 2024 Mid-Survey Light (603019.sh)
Performance meets expectations and focuses on high-quality R & D inputs. The company achieved operating income of $5.71 billion in the first half of the year, an increase of 5.77 per cent compared to the previous year, a net return of $563 million to the mother, an increase of $1,841.15 million over last year’s reporting period.
+0.21 pct, with a steady increase in profitability; in the first half of the year, companies further developed R & D management systems and products, vigorously developed operations such as digital infrastructure construction and smart computing, with R & D costs of $625 million in the first half of the year, an increase of 6.93 per cent over the same period, and companies focused on high-quality R & D inputs and promoted staff through a variety of incentives
Industrial and technological innovation drives; employees are encouraged to apply for high-quality patents, with core patents in the first half of the year being larger than the full-scale eco-situation strategy of national production, with significant synergies among the controlling companies. Companies, with their leading technological and product advantages, extend ecological operations by introducing storage, network security, big data,
Products and solutions, such as cloud computing, complete the whole industry chain layout of the "Cycle-End-Cyber-Cyber-Cyber" and, at the same time, build the "National Platform for Integrated Arithmetic Services" with links to a variety of arithmetic infrastructure resources, and complete the national production computing ecology. During the reporting period, companies actively participated in the inter-county of cities such as Beijing, Chongqing, Qingdao, and others.
In our view, in the context of the nationalization of computing power, it is expected that policies will continue to build up an infrastructure of extra-code intelligence, and that national production capacity will open up new opportunities for development, with companies investing in sealight information, Chinese stellar maps, dawnings, dawns, etc.
The full coverage of chips, server hardware, Io storage, central cloud computing platforms, large numbers, arithmetic services platforms, etc., is expected to generate a stronger co-alumni, which will provide a sustained momentum for corporate business development.
In March of this year, the Central Government Procurement Network issued a circular on the updating of the central state agencies’ standards for desktop computers and the bulk and centralized procurement of portable computers.
The Directorate-General of Market Supervision and the Ministry of Industry and Informatization jointly issued the Information Standards Building Action Plan (2024 - relative depth 300, 2027), which calls for a more robust information standards working mechanism by 2027, among other things.
In order for our IT industry to progress steadily at the pace of “2+8+n”, with the advent of the 2027 time-point for the creation of a national alternative to IT, it is expected that the party-based innovation will accelerate its development, multiply its policies and promote a more normative and standardized development of the IT industry, and companies will lead the country's technology of IT.
Investment proposals: A company is a leading player in the core technological infrastructure of national production, relying on the arithmetic advantage of a national team, accelerating the build-up, arithmetic and nationalization process, with a promise of sustained and steady growth in performance. We expect companies to be 2024 - and expected risks: downstream demand does not match the expected risks: industry competition increases the risks.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.