Shinji Shan identification, general computer equipment, Central Science and Light (603019.sh)
Income and performance have been growing steadily, building the ai software ecology on a continuous basis. On August 30, 2024, the first half of the year saw a steady increase in income and net gains.
At the profit end, as the company continues to increase its sales, management, and this year, the company has introduced the ai technology software store das, the " dawn light-ai model warehouse" and the "stereometering" system, which builds the ai software ecology based on hardware capabilities.
Hardware systems and the development of tool hangars, combined with a reserve of efficient algorithms, frames and components, to provide users with smart computing services such as data processing, algorithm development and modelling training, which are currently applied in key industry areas such as government, the Internet, operators, science and education; and 2) the `Operum Lightai Model Warehouse'.
With 100 plus key scenes and 100+ fine-tuned best models, the developers have been given a secondary development reference. At present, dozens of mainstream ai businesses, including 100 degrees, Ali, tweak, and tweak technology, have become a source of knowledge.
Its users. As the company continues to expand its base of models, the number of refined models is expected to reach 240 this year, 720 in 2025 and more than 1,000 in 2026; 3) the “stereo-calculation” system is built with stereo-calculation, stereo-applications, stereo-ecological symbiotic symbiosis, accelerating the transformation of computing into productivity, and now, the system of “cube-cube-cube-cube-cubes”
In the case of the Changsha 5a Ideas Centre, which has been built to attract hundreds of businesses to co-build, and to provide access to more than 10,000 commercial applications, the company has continued to launch, through self-researching, the ai technology software store das, and the dawn, based on its own hardware capabilities.
Products such as \triangleright luminous storehouses to build an i-software ecology. Companies are expected to be exposed to the risks of technological development in eps 2024-2026.
\triangleright ' s lack of progress in technology R & D or product rotation is likely to lead to the loss of existing technology and market pre-eminence for companies, which in turn has a negative impact on their performance and development.
Supply chain risks. Although the supply chain of national production is improving, the company is still in the frontier information area, where \triangleright still needs to use advanced components from abroad, and where export control policies in other countries will become more stringent in the future, the company purchases
Market competition increases risks. Companies face more competitors for high-end computers, storage, etc.
If a future competitor seizes a share of the market by lowering product prices and increasing marketing inputs, it will have a negative impact on the company’s development.
The opinion or opinion is in any form directly or indirectly compensated.