5 years of low-altitude economy, avita c wheel financing accelerated the transformation of new sources of energy The Chang An vehicle (000625.sz) evaluation report The Chang An car signed a strategic cooperation agreement with the billion air intelligence on December 21st.
Investment rating: Purchase (maintenance) to build a flying car in order to achieve complementarity of advantage between the two sides; Aveta, a joint venture under the banner of the Chang An car, was announced on December 17 for the completion of the c-round financing, amounting to more than 11 billion yuan.
The company and the company plan to invest $20 billion over five years in a low-altitude economy. The company and the ship's intelligence will rely on the ability of the ship's intelligence to develop products in the field of aircraft, in combination with the production of the vehicle.
Building base and market resources, and exploring the creation of a future eco-technology joint venture. In addition, the Jang Cars Project is investing more than $20 billion in low-altitude economy over the next five years, fast-tracking the development of the flying car industry; and more than $100 billion over the next 10 years.
In 2026, Ipo will be on the market.
According to Arvita’s official sources, the company has started to market equipment, which is due to be marketed in ipo in 2026.
Certification companies are well funded to support new product R & D and overseas expansion; Aveta's investment in technology is high, with a proposed 10% shareholding, and further deepening of strategic collaboration with China is expected to ensure that flag-drawn intellectual power is maintained in the country's first echelons.
Look at the new energy transformation in 2025. Globalization expands and expands. The new energy transformations are full of three new energy brands: deep blue, avita, and apocalypse.
l Series; Aveta 06 locates medium-sized cars, providing two power types of pure electricity/exposure, expected to be marketed in 2025q2. In the context of the expansion of globalization, companies continue to invest more overseas, and Thailand’s right rudder production base is expected to be operational in the first quarter of 2025, pre-positioning its first year of capacity.
Up to 100,000 vehicles, which will grow to 200,000 in the future, with the prospect of a global right-wing market for radiation, "Autonomous new energy performance. Monthly sales are equal."
Sales Point Assessment Report 2024.11.08 Profit Forecasts and Investment Ratings: The Company's New Energy Transformations in 2025 & Globalization Expansion Double Line +48.9% Autonomous Mother-to-Child Net Profit Ratio +48.9% New Products
+ Seaboard-driven growth - The valuation level of the Cheonan vehicle (000625.sz) is below the comparable corporate average and maintains a “buy-in” rating. Base construction is below expectations; upstream raw material prices increase; and geopolitical risks.
Please read the text carefully and have the exemption clause for this report. Without the interference and influence of the relevant business departments of the company, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. The paper clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
Lew, to the extent that you know it, you have no interest in the securities evaluated or recommended, in your company, in yourself, and in your property.