Long An (000625): three-quarter drops, R & D plus, q4 or a turning point in performance Reason reported: due to increased performance rating. 2024q3 single-quarter net profit return, net profit deduction from non-mortality, and decline in the ring ratio were mainly sold by q3 as vehicles
The impact of such factors as the decline in volume, the slowdown in high-profit overseas operations, the increase in research and development costs, and the losses of joint ventures. In particular: the impact of such factors as the de-pacing of sales in new cars and stock adjustments prior to October’s intensive listing; and the price side, where the share of new energy vehicles in the sale of the 2024q3 autonomous brand is higher than the q2 ratio and the asp ring is more or less flat.
With the Aveta 11 and 12 incremental editions on the market, the company's 2024q4 is expected to rise in real terms. After the new accounting standards have been removed from the impact of the transfer of the insurance premium from sales costs to operating costs, the company actually operates.
The interest rate ring ratio continues to improve, and the whole industry chain drops have shown remarkable results. 3) Cost end: smart electrical transformation accelerates, R & D input plus. 2024q3 sales/management/R & D/financial cost ratio.
The increase in the cost of the same ring is mainly due to the acceleration of the pace of smart electrical transformation by companies and the increase in the scale of research and development, taking into account the return of long-term vehicles in October and the intensive listing of new intelligent products - the company has released a sda-based architecture (including the sda-central ring structure) and a Constellation Model (combining end-to-end intellectual driving technology)
The development of the new technology, such as the "Long An Ji-mi" intellectual system, is expected to continue to grow in research and development inputs for 2024q4; the financial cost ring is higher than the "Long An Car (000625); the August capacity repair increases the major exchange differential.
The effect is clear, with an increase in sales, new energy sources and exports by one company's summary report, "Long An Car (000625); two-quarter performance."
1) Intensive cycle of new corporate smart electrodynamics and expected release of q4 sales; 2) steady growth in overseas capacity-building, increasing exports and continuous improvement - corporate summary report; 3) Aveta's entry into the stock pool to drive high-level intelligently and fast-tracked transformation; 4) downside effects
To be significant, the profit margin is expected to improve continuously, among other things, we believe that the company has clear logic over the medium to long term, maintaining the “buy-in” evaluation appendix: three major statement forecast series, using data information that is legally compliant, carefully presenting its findings, and producing the present report independently and objectively.
There is no direct or indirect relationship between the specific recommendations or views expressed in this report. Reflecting the personal analysis and judgement of the researcher at the time of the presentation of this report, and not representing the position of East Sea Securities Co. Ltd. or any of its affiliates or affiliates, the company may issue other reports that are inconsistent with the information contained in this report and that have different conclusions.
Reports and review articles. Where permitted by law, the company’s associated institutions may hold and trade securities issued by the companies covered in the report and may be providing or seeking to raise them.