Promotion of Electrification of whole-sector products and acceleration of overseas deployment of the Chang-Ang (000625.sz) company dynamic study
The linzj@cfsc.com.cn factor, which sells a total of 571,000 vehicles or 11.1% ring ratio for 24q3, the cost rate during the period of autonomous new energy is mainly influenced by the sales cost ratio + 3.8 pct. 24q3
In 2025, Chang An will launch Avita 06, Deep Blues09, Long An Xingenc798, and Long Amazuda.
11 new products, j90k et al., and 13 new energy products will be marketed, resulting in more than 1.2 million new energy additions for distributors.
On December 29, Chairman Chu Hua-Yung of the Chang An Automobile came to the market with a double-powered Aveta 07, with a powerful intelligence in the dry-wielding and Hong Men's cabins.
2024-09-29 The car will do five big things overseas: 1 South-East Asia Rojung factory, GLONG, and 1 South-East Asia.
2. Cheong An Car (000625). New energy strategies are officially entering phase 2.0; 2 European brand launches, official entry and continuous export flows are expected to deepen and deepen.
Land-based European markets: 3 CIS region (e.g., Kazakhstan, Uzbekistan, 3 Jang (000625), etc.) kd project officially operational; 4 Central and South America completed the establishment of the Brazilian subsidiary; 5
2023 & 2024q1 has a strong revenue performance, electric power, completes the import of three major brands: Changan, Deepal, and Vatr. Long and accelerated sailing process 2024-06-26
Ann expects to import nine products into overseas markets in 2025. The strategy is steadily moving forward, working more closely with China, with greater potential for growth in the future, and maintaining a “buy-in” investment rating.
(1) The expansion of new models is less than expected; (2) the demand for automobile consumption is less than anticipated; (3) the overseas market is not expanding as expected.
Lin Chien: Master of Arts, Automation/World Economy, cpa, six years of auto industry research and advanced research, good at bottom-up and share-drawing. Deep coverage of Tesla Industrial Chains/One Mind: Vuhan University undergraduate, Columbia University Master ' s degree, 2024 in Chinese securities.
Working experience in automobile business, mainly responsible for strategic planning of car selection and related competitive analysis. Morning: Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, in 2024, joined Chinese securities to study auto and human robotics as a reflection of my research.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.