q3 performance is under pressure and new vehicles are on the market in a more intensive manner to improve their performance.
• Q3 performance has been under pressure, with an improvement in the performance of new vehicle-intensive listings of billions of dollars, i.e. 66.44% of the year, mainly due to a drop in sales and higher promotion costs associated with the listing of new products. Given the competitive industry, the pressure on company fuel trucks to sell, and the need for new energy vehicles to be released,
Given the strong start of the company’s new car cycle and its continuous expansion abroad, it is expected to develop over the long term and maintain a “buy-in” rating. Q3 performance is held back by a drop in Q3 and the average car price ratio is largely flat. Quality assurance costs are included in the operating cost base. q3 sales/management/research and development costs are also low.
+2.2pct/+1.4pct/+1.1pct, mainly q3 new car markets, leading to an increase in extension costs/scaling effects/a decrease in electric intelligence inputs. q3 investment returns have dropped significantly, with “self-research + collaboration” in Avetaq3 marketing efficiency, and a period of growth in the intensive marketing of new vehicles.
Big smart technology has been installed on e07, and it's been set up in the era of smart cars. And, with Avita's interest, we're going to have joint branding, joint product definition and design, core technology priorities, best prices.
Cooperation on preferential treatment, preferential supply of spare parts, etc., and currently looking to make a profit, is expected in the future to enjoy the return on investment from the increased volume of sales - corporate update report.
The city's golden period: (1) deep blue delivery of 27.9 million in October, full orders of 3630,000, s05 on the market.
Ten-day orders are over 10,000 and are expected to move closer to the profit-and-loss balance point; (2) Aveta first sold 10,000 vehicles in October, and Aveta 07 is listed on 17 days, with 254,000 vehicles, and the 11/12 extension is on the way, and sales are expected to increase significantly.
Comprehensive upgrade of strategic cooperation - company update