In the first half of 2023, the net return to the mother grew by 7 per cent over the same period and continued to benefit ai development by $4.91 billion, or 31.8 per cent over the same period, of which $19.52 billion was collected in the second quarter.
During the reporting period, the company Xinhua earned 24.9 billion yuan over three years, an increase of 4.9 per cent over the same period, and 1.82 billion yuan in net profits, the same amount.
This represents an increase of 2.6 per cent, driven by aigc, a well blow-out of the needs of the one server, and the company ' s share of the one server city based on British Weidagpu is already more than half, with the company ' s one server earning $3.93 billion in the first half of the year, a 52-week increase in the highest/minimum price.
At the cost end, the company’s combined Māori rate is 20.3%, a decrease of 1.3 pct. In the first half of the year, the company’s server revenue was reduced by 1.3 pct.
Rapid growth, with a low Māori ratio of server products leading to a slight decline in the Māori ratio of the main campict equipment. At the cost end, management costs are 1.3% and sales are 6.5%, which is almost the same as the ratio. The company continues to add new technological inputs, such as the Bigai, and during the reporting period, the company launched a global first cpo800g switch, release.
The company has maintained its alinall smart strategy for three years, and the core of the equipment is more competitive. Idc data shows that core ict equipment, such as switchboards, servers, routers, etc., continues to compete in the second-highest position in the market.
On the Internet side, the company’s undamaged data centre solution, based on ruce, has moved forward on the issue of Purple Shares (000938.sz) - the acquisition of 39% of Xinhua’s shares.
At a slow pace, the Ethernet switch or remains the mainstream protocol for network transmission, the market pattern is currently stable, and companies are expected to benefit from the development of the Ethernet switch and related clouds, networks, end-products in the Tainet application.
Xinhua shares (000938.sz) - proposed acquisition of 39% of Xinhua shares, substantial upgrading of the public ownership of Xinhua stock, a 10-year strategic partnership with Hewlett-Packard, with overseas operations becoming the company's “second growth curve”. The company announced earlier this year that it was going to acquire 49% of Xinhua's shares, and that
Utility shares (000938.sz) - Multi-product markets kept ahead of schedule - signing a 10-year strategic agreement, companies continued to represent Hewlett-Packard brands in the country, international markets. Utility shares (000938.sz) - domestic and foreign operations synchronized, ict services opened
The company will sell products through the H3c brand, while hpe and h3c will continue to work together in oem. Investment proposal: maintain a profit forecast, expected to return a net profit of 25/30/35 billion to the mother in 2023-2025, maintaining a “buy-in” rating for a comprehensive solution capability in a digital transition.
The growth in corporate income slowed in the first half of 2023, resulting in a 6.5 per cent increase in net return to the mother. In the first half of 2023, the company lost $4.91 billion in net profit, a 31.8 per cent increase in the same year, of which $19.52 billion was collected in the second quarter, a 2.4 per cent increase in the same year, and $580 million, a 0.7 per cent decrease in the same year.
Figure 4: The single-season share of the purple light returns to the mother ' s net profit and increase (in billions of yuan, per cent) Xinhua has earned 24.99 billion yuan in three years, an increase of 4.9 per cent in the same year; the net profit of $1.82 billion, an increase of 2.6 per cent in the same year, of which the income of the i-related product has increased by 200 per cent in the same year, and the size of the operator ' s business has expanded rapidly.
One server needs a well blow-out, and the company’s i server market based on British Weldagpu has more than half its share, earning $3.93 billion in the first half of the year, an increase of 200 per cent over the same year. 400g exchange product has exceeded $200 million in the first half of the year, with orders increasing by more than 50 per cent. Beneficiary operators have increased their net input, with operators growing 30.8 per cent over the same year, accounting for Xinhua San.
The share of Xinhua income is 21%. Figure 5: Xinhua's income and rate of increase (in billions, per cent) Figure 6: Xinhua's net profit and rate of increase (in billions, per cent)
At the end of the spectrum, the company ' s combined Māori rate was 20.3%, a decrease of 1.3pct. The company ' s server revenue increased rapidly in the first half of the year, and the low Māori rate of server products resulted in a slight decline in the Māori rate of the main business ict equipment.
The rate is 1.3 per cent and the cost of sales is 6.5 per cent, roughly equal to the same rate. Companies continue to increase their investment in new technologies, such as ai. During the reporting period, companies launched a global headline cpo 800g, released large private domain models supporting hundreds of millions of parameters, and developed a 14.5 per cent increase in the cost of research and development over the same period.
Figure 12: Xinhua III publishes a large private domain model, the company has maintained the aiinall smart strategy for three years, and the core of the equipment is highly competitive. idc data shows that the core ict equipment, such as switchboards, servers, routers, etc., continues to be the second most competitive in the market.
Server revenues are expected to exceed $10 billion, while orders are needed on a large scale, and products are still in short supply and supply filling. On the web side, the company-based free data centre solution, based on ruce, has been phased out, swapped into a web network or remains a mainstream network transmission protocol, with stable market patterns, companies swapped into a web network and related clouds, etc.
Xinhua San is expected to benefit from the development of its end-products in the Xinhua web. It is proposed that Xinhua San be fully owned, with 10 years of strategic collaboration with Hewlett-Packard, and that overseas operations become the company's “second growth curve.” The company announced early this year that it would acquire 49% of Xinhua-Shun-Shu shares and sign a long-term deal.
The 10-year strategic agreement that the company will continue to represent the Hewlett-Packard brand in the country, and that the company will fully sell its products through the H3c brand on the international market, while the hpe and H3c will continue their oem partnership.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject