R & D is growing, with deep arithmetic industry chain layout H1 generating a total revenue of $36.45 billion, an increase of 4.78 per cent over the same period; net profit on return to the mother; purple light shares (000938).
\triangleright, according to company announcements, in 2023, q2 earned $19.517 billion in operating revenue, a year-on-year increase.
In 2023, h1, continuous innovation in corporate ict infrastructure and services, digital transformation programs accelerated and cloud service capabilities further enhanced. Companies strengthened digital technology and industry applications to integrate deeply and continuously enrich industry digital solutions; optimized domestic marketing systems, industry
Co-development of markets and commercial markets; steady expansion of overseas markets, income from product sales and a growing number of overseas partners; companies to overcome the adverse effects of the epidemic and actively promote delivery and project implementation. Companies continue to implement the “Cunt-in-the-shelf” technology strategy, with deep-deep “core-cloud” configurations.
At the end of the net, the whole harvest is rising steadily, and with the acceleration of the digital economy, Sinda Securities Co. Ltd.
In terms of profitability, the company's Māori rate fell in the second quarter of the year and the net interest rate ring improved. In 2023, h1, the company grossed out, and we thought that with the company's market share, the product structure, the expansion of the overseas market and the self-research chip, we'd seen a lot of progress.
The increase in financial costs is mainly due to the increase in currency exchange losses in the current period for the company’s subsidiary, Xinhua Three Group Limited. Companies are investing in research and development on a continuous basis, with many excellent R & D teams and strong innovation capabilities.
27.74 billion yuan, an increase of 14.47 per cent in the same year, and 7.7 per cent in R & D costs, continued to contribute to the growth of companies by increasing their R & D investment in cloud computing, big data, information security, physical networking, storage, 5g, and industry applications.
The year H1 achieved operating income of 24,991 million yuan, an increase of 4.87 per cent, and net profit of 1,823 million yuan, an increase of 2.62 per cent. In 2023, H1 Xinhua 3 focused on three main markets for domestic business, domestic operators and international operations, of which domestic business grew steadily and generated business income of $18,661 million; domestic operator business cooperation deepened and opened.
Revenues amounted to $5.236 billion, an increase of 30.79 per cent over the same period; international operations were steadily advancing, and the scale of product and solution sales continued to increase, with operating income of $1,094 million, an increase of 20.94 per cent over the same period, with Xinhua ' s 3h3c brand products and services receiving domestic business: in the field of digital government, Xinhua was marked as the City of the Highlands, the City of Shawsan ' s brain, Cheng.
In-depth participation in the construction of a number of smart city-wide projects in Zhejiang, Jiangsu, Henan and Chongqing, promoting the technological integration of cities, business integration, data integration, coordinated management and services across layers, geography, system-wide, sector-wide, cross-practice, and the provision of holistic solutions for urban management and public services;
Economic development through the establishment of multi-land, smart park solutions in Hong Kong, Icheon, Smoking Stations, and the creation of smart park management camps to improve efficiency and safety factors in the management of parks effectively; participation in the construction of multi-territory cloud management in Anhui, Hebei, Jiangsu, etc. Domestic operators: Xinhua 3 operators have been fully and rapidly developed in the first half of 2023 and continue to deepen their work with operators.
Strategic cooperation, based on the continuous consolidation of the market share of the ict equipment, to actively support the development of the ICC, the innovation of the new network, and the rapid expansion of new operations. China’s Telecommunication Convergence and Data Centre Exchanges in China during the year focused on the procurement project, and China moved its network cloud resources in 2023
In addition, Xinhua San has built several IQC national poles for operators, setting up a leading position in the area of operational intelligence.
In terms of strategic markets, the Xinhua 3 China Telecommunication Core Router Collection project achieved the first breakthrough of the cluster router in China's telecommunications backbone: the central node of the urban area network - new business router vbras continued to land and apply in China's mobile and Chinese telecommunications, carrying user operations on a scale in 10 provinces. In terms of 5g, Xinhua 3 5g
Small-scale landing in China’s more than eight provinces has been achieved, and China’s telecommunications pilot has been completed, with good results. In terms of politics and new business, Xinhua Sanjiang operators have built the Pudong China Health Area, Guangxi China China’s Health Area (phase 2), and Guangxi China China’s Telecommunications Network has been successfully piloted.
A number of major projects, such as the Hebei Administration Cloud, have continued to raise market shares in the area of dict; and to provide safe brain products and services to operators on the ANCCP line in government and enterprises. They have been scaled up in 30 provinces of China's telecommunications, moving in China into a new phase of operational cooperation across the country; they have broken through the Chinese mobile fttr collection and moved in China in 2023.
International operations: Xinhua III continues to plow overseas markets, strengthens the global layout, and focuses on making overseas markets a “second curve” of corporate income growth. In 2023, Xinhua III launched a new overseas strategy that revolves around ecosystems, talent and technological innovation.
The three new parties have helped to “localize” the digital transition in overseas countries and regions, and have continued to launch a series of scenario-based solutions and new products such as “Collaborative Offices”, “Creating New Education”, “Intelligent Manufacturing”, “Efficiencies in Health”, and “Credible Public Services” to help multi-country clients build future-oriented digital infrastructure.
Principles, to help middle-income enterprises improve their digital competitiveness, seize opportunities in an era of digital economy, and forge strong alliances with partners in technology programmes, services, logistics, compliance, etc., to complement strengths and enhance competitiveness.
In 2023, h1, the core subsidiary, Purple Clouds, achieved operating income of $602 million, an increase of 7.92 per cent over the same period.
Construction, active layout of an overall solution for marginal clouds and distributed clouds; enhancement of the user-friendliness and maintenance of cloud computing products, with high quality of delivery, operation and transport services; increased technology development, improvement of soft gateways, technical capacity of the Paas platform, roll-out of the Lake Warehouse technology programme, and completion of national production in cloud platforms, cloud desktops, computing virtualization software, databases and big data
In the area of cloud services, smart cities, and industrial clouds, there has been a steady breakthrough: cloud services, which have been marked by an uproar of the cloud, tax clouds in Chongqing, public security in Shenzhen, and public security in Luoyang.
In the case of smart cities, projects such as smart cities in Yang City, smoke control, prevention and control of the disease in Wu Qingzhou, public security in Quanzhou, etc. In the case of industrial clouds, projects such as smart emergencies in the successful Shen Yangtze Park, smart railway sites in Chongqing, etc. The market share of  multi-products continues to lead, and the position of ict is stable.
In the first quarter of 2023, the company’s market share for a number of products continued to lead. In China’s Ethernet exchange, the Enterprise Network exchange, and the Garden Exchange, the company ranked first in 34.5%, 35.7%, and 37.9% of the market share, and in China, 31.2% of the market share of the Central Exchange; and China’s network router market share, 31.0%.
Second: China has a 27.7 per cent share of the wlan market at the level of enterprises and a first share at the market of the Union; China has a market share of 18.2 per cent for the 86 servers, maintaining the second place in the market; China has a market share of 63.6 per cent for the blade servers and a market position at the Union market; China has a storage market share of 12.2 per cent and is in the second place continuously; China has a market share of 18.6 per cent for the super-integration market and a market share of 21.7 per cent for the utm firewall in China.
The company, a leading domestic ict equipment company, has a complete chain of “Cyclops-net-side-end” industries, and we see that the company's \triangleright cloud computing industry is developing less than expected; overseas business is developing less than expected.
In January 2021, he joined the Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre, which covered the intellectual manufacturing and cloud computing of the industrial chain, the cable and communication new energy chain, the smart car and smart power grid industrial chain, and the 5g industrial chain. He was awarded a 2022 wind “gold score, Chen Guangyi, member of the Communications Group, Doctor of Physics, Beijing University, condensed physics, December 2021.
The components are not, are not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analytical opinions or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consulting, which the CVM has granted.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.