A steady growth in performance, a rapid growth in Xinhua III operators and international operations \triangleright \triangleright 28/08/2023
ict infrastructure and service operations are growing steadily. 23h1 company ict infrastructure and services achieve \triangleright it distributes its products and supply chain services at $12.81 billion, down 10.96 per cent from the same year, accounting for the total revenue.
The company has its own channels and technological excellence in the industry chain, and its infrastructure and services have been growing steadily. New technology has been developed to embrace the era.
\triangleright Ma Tianxian has increased the rate faster over the period and the company continues to grow in the face of the rapid technological and industrial development of aigc
Research and development of products and solutions. The company continues to deepen its technology strategy, focusing on technology and production.
The opportunities offered by the transformational transformation and aigc technology, s01052308001, the company officially launched the “aigc open strategy” and released the “Hingle linseer” private domain model; it relies on the entire ict infrastructure, the large private domain model and the large model.
The company is running a series of heavy-pound products and solutions to build a solid cloud-based digital platform for the full-scale application of aigc.
The subsidiary Xinhua domestic operator is growing faster, international H3c/Autonomous Channel revenue is increasing faster than \triangleright \T3 Boots are on the ground, and the arithmetic network leads are expected to increase their performance -
2023/05/28 Quick. Xinhua’s subsidiary Xinhua III23h1 achieved operating income of 24,991 million yuan, an increase of 4.87 per cent in the same year; net profit of $1,823 million, an increase of 2.62 per cent in the same year.
Review: Performance exceeded expectations, with Xinhua Trio's higher than comparable caliber revenue to $18.661 billion, of which domestic operators experienced a rapid growth in the size of their business and earned $5.236 billion in operating income, an increase of 30.79 per cent compared to the previous year. Xinhua trio operators developed their business at an all-time rapid pace and continued to deepen their strategy with the operator.
Cooperation, based on the continuous consolidation of the market share of the ict equipment, active support for the development of the ICC, the piloting of the ict market, the construction of the digital economy and the core base of the ai, the innovation of the new network and the rapid expansion of the new business.
With revenues of $605 million from H3c brand products and services, and 39 per cent of Xinhua shares, the net return to mothers is expected to increase significantly - China's continued deep-deep overseas markets, investing in making overseas markets a “second curve” of corporate income growth.
Investment proposals: companies actively embrace the new aigc technology, new business, and look at affiliates' second-largest growth abroad.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.