Computer-based generic computing equipmentiii Matrix of computing products, waiting for equity acquisitions to land, increasing profitability and increasing investment in research and development resources. During the reporting period, in the first half of 2023, the company
Achieving business income of RMB 3645 million, an increase of 4.78 per cent over the same period, of which the business of ict infrastructure and services has steadily advanced, generating business income of RMB 18,661 million. Domestic operators have grown rapidly in size, generating income of RMB 5.236 billion, an increase of 30.79 per cent over the same period. International sales as a whole have continued to grow.
On the switchboard, Xinhua has launched a global first chip, 51.2t800gcpo silicon light exchange, for business scenes like aigc cluster or high-performance core of the data centre, supporting 64 800g ports, increasing single-cluster throughput by eight times the unit time.
gpu operation efficiency was increased by 25%; the 800g standard switch, the ddc switch, the new Lee Hongtao, the generation Idea core switch, etc., were introduced.
A global view of the one, with the release of the smart computing flagship H3uniserverr5,500g6, specially trained for large models, and the multi-arimental engine H3uniserverr 5300g6 etc. for large-scale reasoning/training scenes, purple light shares: no more than $12 billion is proposed to buy Xinhua 3 shares
Building a well-structured matrix of intelligent computing products, the company has launched a new generation of smart computing solutions, including support for power, enhanced performance enhancement valuations - a quick assessment of the purple shares, a grandacy platform for the integrated management of isomer computing resources, multi-arimental resource intelligent deployments, and computing, storage, etc.
Key components such as networks, energy consumption management. At the same time, in response to the greener, low-carbon, efficient, intelligent data centre construction: demand + technology + governance 3-frequency resonance, digital growth trends, the company has released the Allingreen strategy, and the whole pool of liquid cold solutions.
In the pre-violet stock exchange, servers, micro-modules, etc., changes in different products have been made. Deepening industry landscape applications, focusing on the continuous empowerment of firms and operators in the market.
In the context of the digital transformation of enterprises, the digital government sector has been marked as a high-rise platform, a Xiaoshan city brain, a smart city project like Xianyang, a digital finance project, with a large successive share of top bank customers in commercial and national production.
Project; in terms of operator operations, the Xinhua 3 sustained large share of the Chinese telecommunications stn acquisition project in 2023, the Chinese telecommunications conglomerate and data centre exchange centralized procurement project in 2023, which created several IQC national pole projects for operators, achieving cluster routers in the construction of the Chinese telecommunications backbone network
On the 5g side, Xinhua 3 5g small-scale landing in more than eight provinces moving to China was in the lead, and China’s telecommunications network pilot in multi-provincial provinces was completed, with good results. Strategic partnerships continued with Hewlett-Packard to reshape international markets.
Xinhua 3 51% and 49% respectively. Xinhua 3 became the sole provider of Hpe brand servers, storage and related technology services in China. In January 2023, the Purple Shares announced that the company would continue to acquire 39% of Xinhua 's shares through its fully-owned subsidiary, Purple International Information Technology Ltd., which would achieve a 30% share in Xinhua.
In the near future, the company has signed a new strategic sales agreement with Hewlett-Packard, under which H3c will continue to serve as an exclusive provider of Hpe brand servers, storage products and technical services for customers: on the international market, H3c will operate and fully sell H3c on a global scale.
Xinhua is currently working on making overseas markets a “second curve” of corporate income growth, which has been taken in over 70 countries, including Malaysia, Indonesia, Thailand, Japan, Spain, Singapore, South Africa, Mexico, etc.
With the breakthrough and successful delivery of the project, the signing of a new strategic marketing agreement will accelerate the company’s second-growth curve. The investment proposal: We believe that the company will benefit directly from the digital economy and the market increases brought about by the arithmetic eruptions in the long run.