Big banks show a strong record of revenue from charges, business income is rising fast, big banks are growing their profits in the first half of the year as expected, and fee revenue is still rising rapidly in the lead.
Long, with stable interest differentials and steady asset quality. Consider the company's fundamentals improving significantly, the fees, the higher competitive power of income growth and the lower average valuation level of the industry, we keep the big banks buying, the fast increases in revenue match expectations, and the fees and revenues show good performance.
The performance of fees and fees has been remarkable, with operating income rising rapidly, falling by 4.7 percentage points per quarter, but the company’s credit cost has declined by 0.46 percentage points to 5.6 percentage points in the second quarter. The company’s operating income has continued to grow faster, by 26.6 per cent compared to the first quarter of the year.
The slight slowdown of 6.9 percentage points is due to a 36.5 per cent drop in investment returns over the year. Second, net interest income has slowed down from 51.2 per cent in the first quarter, but in absolute terms it has continued to grow at a relatively rapid rate, partly due to the reclassification of credit card instalments by large banks, resulting in a certain disturbance of fees.
On the income side, 21.7 per cent of the year-on-year increase was achieved in the first half of the year after credit card instalments were eliminated, mainly as a result of a 28.3 per cent increase in bank card income, indicating that large banks are leading competition in terms of rising non-interest income.
By the end of the second quarter, the equity equity of large banks had increased by 2.80 per cent, with a 3.38 per cent increase in the lending ring, a slight slowdown in lending over the first quarter, and a 16.4 per cent increase in lending over the same period (vs1 quarter, +18.9 per cent, yoy),
In terms of net interest differentials of 71.6% of the new deposits since the beginning of the year, the net interest difference of the first half of the year was 2.28% for the larger banks, a significant increase of 48bp over the same year, which was somewhat disturbed by the credit card reclassification of income. We measured that the net interest of the larger banks was 2.27% for the first quarter of the two quarters, and the ring was equal, despite the assets.
End-of-end rate of return decreased slightly by 3bp, but the end-of-liability cost was driven by the easing of the cost pressures of the peer liability, and the net difference remained stable with the combined effects of the two components.
Big banks have a negative rate of 1.57 per cent in the second quarter, a decline of 2bp over the first quarter, a decline of 11bp to 2.30 per cent in the second quarter of the year compared with the start of the year, and a robust quality of corporate assets. We measure the annualized negative lending rate of 1.60 per cent for the second quarter, a decrease of 12bp over the first quarter. By the end of the second quarter, light was huge.
88.7 per cent of loans/deprived loans by banks that are more than 90 days overdue are considered to be more restrictive, but are more qualified for portfolio investment consultancy than Sino-Soldier International Securities Inc.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry.
Large banks generally continued to increase rapidly, with net profits increasing by 32.0 per cent on a year-on-year basis before the provision for the first half of the year and by 4.7 percentage points less than in the first quarter, but the company ' s credit chain dropped by 0.46 percentage points to 1.63 per cent in the second quarter, the net profits of large banks supported by the first half increased by 13.1 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
Values continue to grow at a relatively rapid rate, in part because large banks recategorize credit card instalments from hand-to-hand earnings to interest income, causing some perturbation. Big banks’ credit card operations have been growing at a high rate in the last two years, thus maintaining an absolute increase in interest income based on the lower base of the previous period; in the case of fees, after credit card instalments have been eliminated,
Six months ago, 21.7 per cent of the year-on-year increase was achieved, mainly as a result of a 28.3 per cent increase in bank card income, which showed that large banks have led the competition for non-interest income growth.
By the end of the second quarter, the size of large banks had increased by 2.80 per cent, with a 3.38 per cent increase in the loan ring, a slight increase in credit deposits over the first quarter, and a net difference of 71.6 per cent in new deposits since the beginning of the year.
At 2.27 per cent, the ring ratio was equal, although the asset end-of-end rate of return declined slightly by 3bp, but the end-of-liability cost was slowed down by pressure on the cost of a corporate liability, and the net difference remained stable with the combined effects of both.
Large banks have a negative rate of 1.57 per cent in the second quarter, a decline of 2bp over the first quarter, a decline of 11bp to 2.30 per cent in the second quarter of the year compared to the beginning of the year, and a robust asset quality. We measure the annual rate of unsound loans generated by companies in the first quarter of the second quarter, down by 12bp from the first quarter. By the end of the second quarter, the ratio of loans/negative loans to large banks that are more than 90 days overdue was 88.7 per cent.
By the end of the second quarter, corporate coverage and lending had fallen in the first quarter of the year, respectively; profit growth in the first half of large banks was expected; fees and fees continued to grow fast ahead of the industry; interest differentials were stable; and the economy had led to a deterioration in asset quality that was more than expected. As a pro-cyclical industry, banks had a strong correlation between corporate business development and economic development.
Economic development affects the operation of the real economy as well as the profitability of the economy, thus affecting the asset quality performance of the banking sector. If the economy falls short of expectations, there is a risk of deterioration in the asset quality of banks, thus affecting their profitability.