Ningjian High Highway (600377.sh): The Māori Primary Rate is slightly higher than August 29th, 2024.
The significant growth in the company's investment, construction, operation and management was mainly due to a significant increase in revenue from construction operations, but the income and costs of construction operations were always mutual.
On the main business side, the company achieved revenues of $4.53 billion in tolls, bridges, and the development of passenger and other auxiliary clothing along the highways increased by 0.2% compared to 0.2%. In the first half of the year, the company deducted $2.6 billion in net profit from non-return to the mother, an increase of 10.8%.
Business is one of the largest listed companies in the country's road industry. In addition to to toll-bridge operations, companies have accumulated a slight decline in the toll-roads toll ratio: company toll revenue increased by 0.2 per cent in the first half of the year, but received an increase of 0.2 per cent.
The diversification of related business areas as non-fee operating costs of companies increased by 10.9 per cent on a year-on-year basis, resulting in a decline of between 3.8 pct and 60.7 per cent in the Maori rate of toll road operations.
According to the breakdown, the high-speed income of the core asset, the Xinning, fell by 4.4 per cent on a year-on-year basis; and the high-speed rate of the Xinyi and the Quai River was affected by the one-way closure of the Xi Yi and the Quasi, which fell 21.5 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
Most of the company’s road output grew at a slower rate in the first half of the year, with some negative growth. This has to do with the slowdown in the economy in the first half of the year, which slowed the growth of truck traffic, while the increase in free-of-charge days from 13 days in the first half of last year to 17 days in the current year also directly affected some of the revenue.
On the cost side, this year ' s intensive maintenance along the high-speed roads of the Xinning, among others, increased the cost of road maintenance by 23.3 per cent over the year, 503,775,381,575 plus depreciation by 9.1 per cent over the same period, resulting in an increase of 10.9 per cent at the end of the first half of the year, which was higher than the increase at the end of the income.
Investment returns have increased significantly, mainly in Jiangsu Bank: 1.05 billion yuan in the first half of the year, a significant increase from $610 million in the same period last year.
The high-speed company, Yangzi Bridge, and the riverine company realized an investment gain of about RMB 374 million, an increase of 5.67 per cent over the same period. In addition, the group received a cumulative amount of RMB 517 million from Jiangsu Bank, Jiangsu Leasing, and the start-up of the national start-up fund, an increase of about 354 per cent over the same period, mainly from Jiangsu Bank.
The distribution of dividends has been driven by the advance of July last year to June. The current interest-rate reduction cycle would also help companies to reduce their financial costs, without considering the $368 million of Jiangsu Bank ' s combined interest rates on interest-bearing debt through active and effective financing measures.
Mainly and continuously capable of operating, the company maintains its “recommended” rating.
The source of financial and intellectual growth in the East, the source of financial and intellectual growth in the East, the high Ning Quan highway (600377.sh): a slight decline in the Māori rate in the main industry, and an increase in the return on investment contributed to an increase in performance.
Cao Fung, Bachelor of Mathematics and Applied Mathematics, University of Gangan, Master of Financial Mathematics, eight years of experience in investment studies, 2015-2018.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
The East Hing Securities Corporation reports a slight decline in the Māori rate in the main industry, which boosts performance and does not guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice involved. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and the authors of the report, to the extent they know, are not legally prohibited from evaluating or recommending the securities or investment subject matter of this report.
If permitted by law, my company and the associated institutions to which it belongs may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.