CMCS (600030): Risks released, re-opened on a large scale.
The main activities are: securities brokerage; portfolio investment consultancy; and securities.
Financial consultant in relation to transactions, portfolio investment activities; securities underwriting and insurance; securities self-employment; securities asset management; credit instruments; securities investment fund swaps; long-term withdrawals
For middle-level business presentations. The SCMs have been or have been in a leading position in a number of business areas. The firm's tight focus on service delivery has significantly improved the liquidity of the secondary market in 2020 compared to 2019, with a significant increase in trading activity and an investment machine.
At the centre of the economy, further improvements in the financing arrangements will be made; the size of the operations is rapidly increasing, facilitated by the creation of panels, the creation of a register of entrepreneurs, the management of wealth, the providers of trade services and liquidity, and the growth of business.
Five key players, key investors and risk managers in the market, with shorter project cycles and clear efficiency gains; new rules of governance driving industrial change, continued ownership of active management, and a breakdown of core competitiveness and consolidation of core competitiveness.
The rise in the size of the fund has become a new growth pole for the management of the business. Overall, the company’s shareholders and Sino-Bank, the Sino-Trust Trust, and the Quaker Life Insurance have been boosted to varying degrees in terms of operating income.
The company's business structure is more balanced in terms of its net income dimension.
In terms of services: the highest rate of growth in revenues from the fast-tracking of the registration system, 54.1 per cent, ipo and fixed scale of increase, by sector, 4th and 1st, with total financing at the top of the industry; 2 brokering is the most direct market-driven, with net revenue from fees rising by 51.6 per cent, and the effect of the transformation of wealth management is further demonstrated.
The number of high-value clients (more than 6 million assets) was 27,000, the size of assets was 1.3 trillion, the net proceeds from financial products were 1.96 billion, representing 18.2 per cent of the net proceeds from brokering fees, and the return on self-employment (including the change in fair value) increased by only 10.8 per cent compared to 2019, ranking at the end of the line of operations.
Four companies continue to operate in the active capital intermediation and derivatives categories, excluding the pre-existing broad-based portion of the net asset bar, with a higher pole rate than at the end of 2019 and a lower proportion of the control indicators (e.g. risk coverage, capital leverage, etc.). Self-interest and securities derivatives/net capital and self-employed non-equity securities and their derivatives.
Increased efficiency in capital utilization by increasing the number of indicators for raw products/net capital by 40.7 pct and 3.9 pct respectively from the end of 2019. Strong capital-intensive operations have also resulted in a more balanced business structure for companies, with brokers/investments.
The source of financial and intellectual growth in the East is sound, with sufficient profitability to take full account of reduced performance security advances. Current market volatility is increasing, credit operations risk is of concern, and companies’ bonding and stock pledge operations have decreased in size and balance over the reporting period. End-of-period savings of $112.6 billion, an increase of 66.5 per cent over late 2019;
Large-scale credit impairment losses continue to be a small probabilities event. The company’s impairment losses on the two-concession business were also increased during the reporting period, with impairment/business coupons re-launching the carrier. In recent years, the company has also played a “portfolio fist” in capital replenishment, and since the consolidation of the original certificate in early 2020, the advantage of the scale of the business has become more apparent, with the industry’s leading position being further consolidated, with total assets at the end of the reporting period amounting to $1053 billion, the first total assets being over trillion.
Financial supply-side reforms and comprehensive registration systems have remained the policy melody of recent capital markets, and securities companies, which are the core players, are expected to continue to receive political support. Companies, as champions of the securities industry, will benefit from the sector’s Matthews effect, benefiting from market reforms and innovation dividends.
Large-scale growth and capital efficiency gains will effectively counterbalance the impact of market fluctuations on the securities industry and companies during the year, and countercyclical adjustments to credit impairments will increase performance security and enhance performance certainty. We look firmly at the company’s development prospects, with companies expected to return to their parent net profits in 2021-2023.
Eung Heung Securities In-depth Report (600030): Risks are fully released, and a massive reboot is launched.
Liu Jiayan, Bachelor of Arts, Wuhan University, Nankai University, “Mathematics + Finance” complex background. Four years of banking experience, five years of non-banking financial research, two years of banking research. First place in the 13th new wealth non-banking finance industry in 2015 and the 14th new wealth non-banking finance bank in 2016
The fourth team member of the industry; the first in the 9th Crystalball and Silver Finance Industry in 2015 and the first in the 10th Crystal and Silver Finance Industry in 2016 have done his own research. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.