Event: The Chinese Portfolio published its annual report for the year 2020, with a revenue of 54.383 billion yuan in 2020, corresponding to +26. The Chinese Portfolio (6000030) \triangleright
During the reporting period, companies borrowed more than their net assets at the end of the previous year.
The management of three high-growth business lines, with the company as a whole growing annually from roe to 8.43 per cent, an increase of 0.67 percentage points over the same period, is significantly higher than the industry average of 6.89 per cent.
Actively, the volume of transactions and the combined balance remained at a high level, with companies buying and selling agents in 2020 receiving interest income on stock pledges for the same year as 19.33 per cent, a decline mainly due to the company's enhanced equity operations risk control, stock compression, control of incremental amounts, three consecutive years of active stock pledge reduction, and a number of items.
The size of the former stock was only one-third in 2017. The company’s growth in wealth management, the wealth management product, the volume of financial products for sale, $94.47 billion, and the number of investors in alternative financial products remained at the top of the industry. In the context of the rapid growth in capital assets available to the population, the company was strong.
Growth, combined power, continues to take the lead in deepening the transformation of wealth management, enhancing asset allocation capacity, expanding the branded influence of wealth management, promising high growth in wealth management income and further optimizing the income structure.
In 2019, an accelerated scale was evaluated, leading by the market, before financing and bond underwriting kept the industry in the forefront. In 2020, companies achieved a net investment fee of $6,881 million, or +54 per cent, higher than the industry average.
The production-based surge capacity is extremely prominent, with a market share of $10.85 billion issued during the year, 31.21% of Sindh Securities, Inc., and an absolute leader in the industry. The amount of corporate bonds paid is $12.89 billion, the same amount.
The market share remains at the same level as last year, and remains the top of the list.
Face-to-face registration systems are in place, leading industry projects are screened, price-fixing capacity, distribution capacity and capital capacity, reserve projects are in the top position in the industry, ipo operations are expected to return to the top of the industry and industry is expected to continue to grow at a high rate.
The active management of securities management operations has been significantly enhanced, and the contribution of public funds under the flag has been prominent. The management of corporate assets includes the management of securities and the management of funds under the banner.
The Department is now ranked second in the 21-largest group of securities (28) after the re-engineering, with 18 per cent of the total re-engineering product completed, and is moving ahead far more than the rest of the industry, guided by “expanding proactive management, developing equity products and the real economy of the service sector”.
The corridor operations continued to shrink in size, with a quarterly increase in proactive management, with a monthly average of $6,647.7 billion in size in the fourth quarter of 2020, compared with +47.51 per cent in the previous quarter, an outbreak growth from late 2019 to 2020, an increased roll-out of the summer fund, and an overall asset management scale
A significant increase in the size of the Fund’s management in late 2020 – $14.11 billion – increased by 41.57 per cent, $1 billion + 33 per cent, income from the Fund’s management operations – increased by $5,532 million – 38 per cent, the negative impact of the new regulations on the collection of funds, and the return of the volume and income of the bond administration.
At the same time, because of the State’s encouragement of investment end-building, the “movement” of residents’ deposits, the public fund under the flag will stoke the quality of the assets at risk by clearing the stock and helping the capital broker to fly.
The company has responded positively to the State Department’s call to improve the quality of the market, and has helped to strengthen the quality of the assets, light-loading them, and working for the public.
In the context of capital market reforms, it is possible to demonstrate that the capital market is being reformed.
The profit-making model of bond companies has shifted to capital-intensive capital, finance coupons, earnings swaps, equity derivatives, etc. The intermediaries rely on capital strength and product design capabilities, and the firms have become more competitive in the relevant areas, and increased investment will guarantee that the size of corporate capital intermediaries will remain a leader in the industry.
Investment proposals: Deepening capital market reforms, further increasing concentration in the securities sector, leading companies with their capital strength, risk-pricing capacity, business synergies, and the prominence of competitive advantages in business areas such as investment, asset management, wealth management, and so on, Roe is expected to continue to rise, and suggest,
In November 2019, he joined the Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for non-monetary financial researchers.
Judinin, Master of Arts, Graduated in Finance, University of Glasgow, United Kingdom, worked in Taiwan's Fu State Securities and Silver Securities, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in April 2020 for research in the non-banking financial sector. Wang Jing, Master of Arts, Graduated in Finance, Boston University, United States, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in November 2019 for research in the non-banking financial sector
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.