Events: The company released its annual report for 2020, generating an income of $54.4 billion, an increase of 26.1 per cent in the same year; the net profit of the mother is $14.9 billion, an increase of 21.9 per cent in the same year, which meets our expectations.
▪ Strong business growth in 2020, with significant impairments further strengthening asset quality. 1) In 2020, the market boomed, with total net profits of the industry at +28 per cent and net profits of the company at +21.9 per cent per year.
Billions of dollars, a significant +248 per cent ratio, mainly due to the company's prudent purchases of re-selling financial assets and credit impairment losses, which account for 33 per cent of the net profit from the current period to the mother, the purchase of re-sales funds, which will be phased out as the impact of the epidemic gradually improves the quality of the assets.
The same ratio of self-investment in 2020 +12.7% to $17.9 billion is a central driver of performance growth driven by the same ratio of investment returns on transactional financial instruments held by companies +70% to $15.5 billion. Fair value shifts.
▪ Market transactions remain dynamic, the investors maintain a leading position, and the pace of capital growth is robust. 1) Markets recovered significantly in 2020, with a turnover of shares equal to +61.5 million to $90.36 billion; in the context of deepening market reforms, it is expected that CSS will fully benefit from capital-market construction and capital-market development as a front-runner.
Direct financing development to further enhance the impact of global markets. 3) In the broader context of new rules of governance, companies continue to optimize their proactive management of structural transformations, and the size of the pooled capital management scheme has increased by between 101 and 26.1 billion yuan compared to the end of 2019, with net operating income of +40.3 to 8.01 billion yuan (of which pooled funds) on the same basis.
So, the management of the summer fund has grown rapidly, with the Ministry running from +42% to +14.11 billion, with net profits from +36% to +5.5 billion. The Sino-Sin securities disclosure stock plan, which is to raise no more than $28 billion to develop capital intermediation (190).
Operating capital ($1 billion), which helps companies build up capital, improve industrial competitiveness, increase risk resilience and provide strong support for the achievement of corporate strategic goals. 2) 2020.
• Marketed and acquired Lyon securities, with 2,000 offshore institutional clients in 2020, becoming in-house managers in three quarters of the year: prudential principles, leading international business platform companies. 3) Capital market reforms in 2020 add policy dividends (refinancing new)
Impairment, business integrity, the new securities law and the business board registration system, etc.) create a favourable environment for the development of coupons, and Sino-Portfolio securities, as a champion of professional competence, are expected to take advantage of the opportunities.
Mid-year review: industry poles, pioneers, policy easing, such as the new rules on the direction of the parent voucher + refinancing, capital market reform and registration system, annual quarterly evaluation: significant impairments
The long-term prospect of a “buy-in” rating is maintained. As a result of a decline in performance, investment has grown as compared to growth, and the new crown epidemic has not been brought under control as expected.
East Wu Xinjun, East Wu Xin Xiang, and East Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, are in possession of the Portfolio Investment Advisory Board.