Corporate rating report  The securities industry has a trillion-dollar asset size, impairment loss plus risk control, credit securities (600030.sh)
The increase in credit impairment losses affects performance, with the scale of assets expanding further beyond the trillion 2020 public product liability schedule, with extra-field derivatives and financing-type operations.
In 2020, when derivative financial instruments were in the lead, companies realized 17,907 million yuan in investment returns, an increase of 12.68 per cent over the previous year, and earned more than one dollar. The company’s own stock operations focused on quantitative analysis and multi-strategy applications, working to reduce each other.
Reliance on inward investment. Corporate derivatives continue to expand, and derivative financial instruments have grown considerably. By the end of 2020, derivative financial assets of companies stood at 20,158 million.
Growth is influenced by a dynamic market exchange, with companies performing very well in brokering revenue, wealth management, and the transition is continuing. In 2020, the market stock base was growing by more than 60%, the beneficiary market was active, and companies achieved $11,257 billion in net revenue from brokering, a year-on-year increase.
Reconstructing the transition, building up a global wealth management platform that provides global asset allocation and easy access to high net domestic and foreign clients, investing in wealth on a scale of 10 billion, keeping the number of registered investment advisers at the top of the industry. By the end of 2020, companies had zero.
More than 10 million customers, 75,000 clients of enterprises and institutions in the country, hosting clients, 27,000 clients with high net value of assets above RMB 6 million, the size of the assets, of which interest income of RMB 15,528 million was realized, an increase of 17.13 per cent over the same period; interest expenditure was realized
By the end of 2020, the company had maintained a leading position in the restructuring of its investment bonds and M & As, with a rise in the size and share of management initiatives and a net investment income of $6,882 million in 2020.
A 54.13 per cent increase, with sustained growth. Corporate bond cover continues to be a leader in the industry. By the end of the year, 2.03 per cent was reduced. Companies are moving ahead with the restructuring of the grand pool, managing the business structure. Investments suggest deepening capital market reforms, comprehensive registration, and sustained policy dividends.
Releases, multi-dimensional expansion of the voucher business space. Corporate leadership is strong, institutional excellence is significant, combined strength is strong, promising to pre-empt the benefits of capital market system reform dividends and carrier coupons, with sustained performance growth and a steady increase in profitability.
It is proposed to raise $28 billion to further strengthen capital and enhance business growth. We look forward to the future of the company, taking into account its fundamentals and equity elasticity, and maintain that “I promise to present this report independently and objectively and with due diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
It has not been, is not and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.