This paper provides an in-depth overview of the development history of conch cement when it is on the market, the core competitiveness of conch cement.
Core competitiveness comes from the “t-type” strategy and the cost advantage of employee ownership incentives. The “t-type” strategy has a slight combination of mineral resource endowments, large-scale production-placed advantages, the advantage of the Yangtze River water transport, and the four most extensive high-barrel advantages of the cement demand market in the cities of the East China region.
At the end of the valuation, the ton of net gain is still relatively strong. At the very bottom of the history of pe and pb, pb and even one, several times in the history of low valuations have been exposed to external shocks, with economic downward pressure, but not at the current low valuation. Ton net gain is significantly better than historical bottom: ton
The net bottom appeared in 2015, with a general loss in industry, while conch cement remained at $30 per ton of net profit on the right. In the first half of 2022, conch cement was still present for months and months, with a decade low in cement production.
With high asset quality and excellent financial indicators, pb is more likely to be repaired. Compared with other low pb plates, conch cement has a relatively good asset-liability ratio, turnover rate, roe, etc. In terms of asset quality, cash, production lines, mines are a core component of the company’s assets, and companies produce.
Lines are more valuable when they are large and efficient, and new barriers to capacity are higher; environmental restrictions are becoming more stringent, the prices of bone are rising, and the company's mines are worth more than the books.
Regions such as the main battalion, Huadong, performed better than the national average, either on the basic surface or gradually sharpening the margins. Performance elasticity, 202,20429.
Cement demand has not recovered as expected, coal prices have continued to rise, and industry patterns have deteriorated.
Sino-Soldier International Securities Inc. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business.
Three arteries of conch cement have been on the market for 20 years a+h shares and have been steadily operating as the world’s first branded cement supplier.
In October 1997, conch cement was put on the market in Hong Kong, and in 2002 in a stock market. The firm's steady business development won the reputation of World Cement magazine, “World Cement Watch China, China Cement Watch Sea conch.” This rose to 101,000 tons in 2021 to 304 million tons in 2021; the revenue grew from 2,058 million yuan in 2001 to 1,679.53 million yuan in 2021;
The market value perspective, and the company’s presence on the market for the last two decades, has been expanding rapidly. China’s majority, covering the entire country, is overseas. The transport of cement products has a limited radius and a stronger regional dimension.
In 2021, the company’s cement clinker production was the second largest in the country, after construction in China. At the same time, conch cement was placed in the cement business of Indonesia, Cambodia, Laos, Myanmar, Uzbekistan, etc.
The core competitiveness of the cement industry is cost control, and intraregional prices are difficult for Alpha. Cement is a highly homogenous product, and there is no significant difference between cement produced by different firms. Cement is also a short-legged product without stocks, limited transport radius leads to a clear regionalization of the cement industry pattern.
The Chinese market has a large volume of cement demand, a steady growth, a better pattern of regional competition, and a higher level of profitability in the cement sector than the national average. Sea conch cement starts from the East, and is located in the middle and lower-lying regions of the river with a strong demand for capital and real estate, leading to a rise in cement demand, and a rise in regional power.
Cost controls are the core competitiveness of the cement industry. Cost and cost controls are the highest in the cement industry at $203 tons, 46 tons of raw materials, 113 tons of fuel, 13 tons of depreciation, and 12 tons of labour, compared to prices of homogenization in the region.
The industry is relatively ahead, and the combined cost is second in the industry (after the Ningxia building materials that enjoy the price of coal and limestone in the ultra-low regions, but the Ningxia building materials also operate in the same areas of the country where the price of cement is low). With the combined advantage of cost and price, the ton gross gain of conch cement is 157 yuan, leading the industry.
The t-type strategy builds a unique competitive advantage, the t-type strategy reduces costs and the long-triangular cost advantage is unshakeable. "t" stands across the coast and stands up along the river. t-type strategy refers to the concentration of large clinker bases in areas rich in limestone resources along the Yangtze and controls the transport of cement and clinker at dozens of docks.
It has significantly increased the geographical coverage of its products, acquired small cement plants at a low cost in coastal areas where resources are scarce but where the cement market is large, and transformed into milling stations, produced cement locally and sold directly to the demand-rich eastern market. The model of “clinker base - Yangjiang - milling station” was not comparable to the traditional “plant-road-site” model. This strategic model successfully addressed the problems encountered by cement companies.
The bottleneck of “high transport costs, limited distribution areas,” combining the advantages of scalding production of conch cement, the logistical cost advantages of water transport, and the three main advantages of a broad demand market, is the most powerful competitive advantage of conch cement. Mines and clinker bases, wharfs and water transport, mills, and markets are the three elements of the strategy.
1. The exclusive nature of mines and clinker bases. Angé Province has the country’s most abundant cement production capacity from limestone mines, and conch cement has the advantage of taking mines. Thirty years after the creation of the cement company’s reserves based on large mineral resources, even small-scale mines have been effective for 10 years.
The mountains have created conditions for the construction of large-scale clinker bases, and conch cement is dependent on large-scale mines for many tons of production along the river's layout. Large-scale clinker production lines offer a ton-energy advantage.
A larger single-line size is one of the major reasons for the cost advantage of conch cement tons. 2. The advantage of water transport is not replicable. Sea conch cement is based on the gold waterway of the Yangtze River, where it is less expensive than road and rail transport, and along the Yangtze, where there are limited port resources, specialized dock transport of conch cement is easier, and port resources are more exclusive.
To help expand the transport radius of cement clinker and reduce transport costs. Taking into account the economic, low-cost transport advantage, it is possible to increase the radius of water transport significantly, while the radius of road and rail long-distance transport is limited to 300 to 500 kilometres.
The total cement demand and capacity utilization are often higher than in other parts of the country. Sea conch cement has rich mineral resources, large-scale cement clinker production lines, and enjoys the freight advantage of shipping, as well as facing the largest cement demand market in the region, which are not available to other cement companies.
Figure 25. Corporate capacity is concentrated in the middle and downstream areas of the Yangtze River (tonnes)
The group completed its group ownership reform as early as 2002. The model of union holding, which is financed by natural persons, consists of seven trade unions from the Conch Group, the Ning National Cement Factory, the White Ma Hill Cement Factory, the four main trade unions from the Lake Sea conch, and the then Chairman of the Board, Guo Wen San.