Performance met expectations, output expansion and new product lines double-wheel-drive-fibre communications (300394).
23.30 per cent net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies of $31.75 million, an increase of 10.83 per cent over the same period in the previous year, basic per share performance in line with expectations, and project fund-raising capacity expansion and production of new product lines contributing to steady performance growth \triangleright
During the reporting period, operating income was $87.19 million, an increase of 23.30 per cent over the same period in the previous year, mainly due to: the gradual expansion of the capacity of corporate fund-raising projects with the completion of their construction; and, at the same time, company product lines providing multiple solutions for clients with 10g, 40g and 100g components, winning customer orders and new product lines.
Since the company was listed, it has increased the growth of its original products, taking full account of the needs of its clients, using established research and development centres to develop and design new products, while many new products have gradually moved into bulk production. In the face of intense market competition, companies have adjusted their development strategies, maintained technological innovation, and actively pursued new research and development.
At the same time, the company implements lean production, continuously promoting efficiency gains, reducing redundancy, and comparing the Unit with the trend of 300 depths wasting, increasing the product line’s effective output, thereby maintaining steady growth in business performance.
During the reporting period, the company increased market access, intensified its efforts to develop high-end customers at sea and abroad, actively participated in national and international fibre-optic communications exhibitions and seminars, and fully interacted with its international counterparts, expanding the knowledge of the Tianfu brand.
In the meantime, in January 2017, the company and the People’s Government of Jiangxi Gauan signed the Project Contract, which will build the Jiangxi Tianfu Technology Company Ltd.
Project, as a volume base for new products and projects for the future of the company. The company has evolved into a two-wheel drive strategy for “business + investment”: the business side, which is committed to creating a “two-platform multibase” strategic layout, i.e., a company that acts as an incubation platform for managing export platforms and new products, a subsidiary that serves as a production base for different product lines; and the investment side, which is one of the main sources of investment.
By establishing M&A funds and investing abroad, companies create new growth points in their operations and enhance synergies between products. (s010056050001 fixed-banded high-speed optical devices to consolidate the dominance of the lightware industry
In January 2017, the company issued a fixed increase of $718 million for the construction of high-speed light devices (a package for lower-light module customers). The high-speed light device construction project will produce 30.6 million high-speed light devices after delivery, consolidate the company’s advantage in the light communications segment market, and be effective.
Good. The implementation of the high-speed light device construction project will enhance the productive capacity of high-speed devices, optimize their product structure, enhance their operating income and profitability, and be of strategic importance for companies to increase their market ownership, accelerate their entry into active light devices, and maintain their dominant position within the industry.
1. Mobil Communications (300349) evaluation report: Increase layout high-speed optical devices that drive long-term performance to a better degree The lightware industry is not as strong as expected; production of new products is not as fast as expected; fixed increases are blocked.
2. Investment strategy report 2017 for the telecommunications industry: Tung Ping, team leader. Doctor of Management, China Petroleum University Business School, pa mentor; nearly 10 years of research experience in the field of tmt, 2016 Yang Quan, master ' s degree, nine years of professional experience, long-term work in wireless research and development, system delivery, solution marketing, etc., joined the people in August 2015
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Industry Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels, and that the logic of the analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and independent of any third party.