Pharmaceutical biochemistry and non-financial companies report an over-expected bd trade, and future performance is expected to continue to release.
Investment rating: Purchase (maintenance) Events: Henry Medicines issued an announcement on July 28, 2025, announcing a cooperation agreement with GlaxoSkor (gsk). Under the agreement, Heung Swe Medicines will develop an autonomous pde3/4 inhibitor innovation drug hrs-9821 (use)
The agreement also includes a ground-breaking program of co-operation on scale, which, in addition to the Hers-9821, will jointly develop up to 11 projects, which will lead to clinical progress in the first phase of the clinic.
gsk will be able to exercise the right of option.gsk will exercise the right of exclusive choice for each project, as well as some project replacement, except for the Chinese Da Liang, Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, Macao Special Administrative Region, and Taiwan, by the end of clinical trials in the period until the end of the first phase.
If all the projects have been selected and all the milestones have been achieved, Heung Swe will be eligible for future payments based on successful development, registration and sales milestones totalling approximately $12 billion. Heung Swe will have the right to charge Gsk for the sale of the corresponding gradient.
Core logic: 1) The innovation transition is accelerating: in 2024, the company ' s operating income and net return profits are expected to be approved in the future, and the revenue structure is expected to continue to optimize as the impact of generic pharmaceutical collections on its performance will fade. 2) Overseas authorizations open the valuation space: prior firm agreements have been reached
Fourteen innovative drugs have been authorized to work together, amounting to about $14 billion. The target is Gsk, a global leader in the field of drug abuse, and Heung Swe, in collaboration with Gsk, is expected to maximize the value of pde3/4 overseas.
There are also 11 potential opportunities for collaboration with the Gsk to deepen its domestic and overseas research and development capabilities. Taken together, Heung Swe’s pharmaceutical follow-up lines are well configured and innovative, and are expected to continue to reach the sea, with globalization expanding well and maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
Appendices: A summary of the financial projections indicates my personal opinion of the subject matter securities and issuers. I have done so with diligence, professional due diligence, the use of information on legal compliance, the independent and objective production of this report, and no part of the remuneration received by this person has been, has been, has not been or will not be directly or indirectly linked to the specific investment opinions or views in this report.