Heung Swe’s medicine is growing rapidly, and innovation drives companies into a new phase of development. It's 22.43% higher than it is. Companies continue to increase their innovation efforts and maintain high levels of R & D investment, which they accumulated in the first half of the year.
With $3.871 billion invested in R & D, with $3.228 billion spent on cost-effective R & D, corporate innovation products gradually become important growth engines for companies, and innovation progress and globalization continue to grow. We look forward to the company's future development opportunities.
Operating income of $8,556 million, an increase of 12.53 per cent in the same year, net profit for mothers of $2,576 million, an increase of 24.88 per cent in the same year, net profit for non-mortality of $2,410 million, an increase of 17.56 per cent in the same year, and continued to grow rapidly in the second quarter. The top half of the division accumulated $3,871 million in R & D, of which $3,228 million was invested in cost-effective R & D, and corporate innovation drugs in the first half of 2025.
The research and development process has continued, with more than one new product listed in the first half of the year. In the first half of the year, the company's research and development has continued.
City, including: 3 new adaptive disorders (firth arthritis, acute skin inflammation, truffles), injections against 1 new analytic ailment (combined Famitoni for second-line cervical cancer treatment), 1 new analytics for Vunachi anti-injection fluids (strong straight ridge), 1 new analytic analytics for the Fulfilled Tejili injection fluid (medium-heaviness after bone surgery)
In 2025, the company achieved three external authorizations: one, a global exclusive right to develop, produce, and commercialize outside of the Greater China area; and, in the case of the United States of America, the first payment of US$ 1 million for foreign licences, which further boosted the growth of business performance.
In April of that year, the company entered into an agreement with Merckkgaa to grant the company exclusive rights to commercialize the shr 7280 oral gnrh receptor resistance project in mainland China (excluding Hong Kong, China, Macao Special Administrative Region of China, and Taiwan, China) and priority bargaining rights in regions outside the authorized areas on a reimbursable basis; and in July 2025, the company entered into an agreement with gsk to grant global exclusive rights to the hrs-9821 project (excluding mainland China, Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of China, Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of China, Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of China, Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of China, Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of China)
The Macao Special Administrative Region of China and the Taiwan region of China) and the global exclusive licensing of up to 11 projects (not including mainland China, Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of China, Macao Special Administrative Region of China and Taiwan Region of China) have been granted gsk on a reimbursable basis. Foreign authorization has become an important tool for companies in their overseas placements, and we look forward to the company ' s future development opportunities.
Using market prices as a standard on August 27, 2025, it has gradually become an important engine of growth for companies, and innovation and globalization have continued to grow, and we look forward to the company's future sales of new products, which are not as fast as expected; and the internationalization of companies has not advanced as expected.
Sino-Soldier International Securities Inc.