The semi-annual evaluation of the Heung Swe Medicines (600276) in 2025, which generated $9,561 million in sales and licensing of innovative medicines over the past six months, contributed to the company’s business income and led to steady growth in its performance. The company will insist on medical and market-led efforts, and push forward.
Mobilize the use of new products and accelerate the process of commercialization of high-quality innovation products, with a view to contributing in the future to stronger growth momentum for companies. Companies accelerate their R & D innovation drive and their integration into global innovation networks.
In the process of integration, the top-level design thinking of internationalization is constantly being optimized, and the advantages of clinical research and development teams in different countries and regions of China and abroad in terms of the conditions for approval and the epidemiological characteristics of the disease are being fully exploited, with complementary and in-depth integration in terms of technology, talent, and other resources.
The Division actively explores opportunities for interaction with diverse partners, such as multinational pharmaceutical enterprises, innovative start-ups, innovative investment funds and regional leading pharmaceutical companies, in the context of globalization, seeking opportunities for collaboration with global leading medical and pharmaceutical companies to achieve a rapid transformation of research and development results, drawing on leading international partners
Together with coverage of overseas markets, accelerating integration into global drug innovation networks, eventually achieving the highest value value for products, companies as domestic innovation champions maintain a rapid growth in their innovation business and contribute to their performance.
Note: The “market index” of this rating systema has a depth 300 index of reference; the three new three-board reference point is a three-board indicator. The owner is only fit to use a study with a risk level not higher than the “middle- and low-risk” level, a “stable” investor to use only a study with a risk level not higher than the “medium-risk” level, a “positive” investor to use only a study with a risk level not higher than the “medium- and high-risk” level, and a “radical” investor to use the various risk levels of our Division.
This report is presented independently and objectively, within the limits of what is known, in a diligent and professional manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc.. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have not used the offer.