Continuing high performance, bd normality provides a new engine of growth - mid-2025.
Innovative product revenues grew faster, driving overall performance growth. Innovative drug sales at 2025h1 reached $7,570 million, faster than ever. Companies continued to increase their innovation efforts and maintained high levels of research and development.
The film, the Rigretine dichotomy, the injection of the raccoon curd, the apple acid meditoni capsule, the addition of three new adaptive disorders to the nipples (firth arthritis, special pseudomy, baldness), the injection of the carill against the addition of a new adaptive disorder (United Famitoni for the treatment of second-line cervical cancer), Vna Chijud.
The single anti-injection fluid has a new adaptive condition (highly straight spinal disease) and a new analytic condition (middle pain after osteoporosis) has been approved for the market. In addition, in the first half of the year, 5 innovative products from the company were advanced for the first time to the clinical stage.
Innovation has shown remarkable success, with external licensing becoming a new engine of performance growth. In 2025, the company achieved three external authorizations: 1) in March, the company and msd worked together on rp (a) inhibitor hrs-5346, including initial payments of $200 million  milestone payments of up to $1.77 billion  sales withdrawals; 2) in April, the company made a total of over 100 million dollars in payments.
The company entered into a partnership with Merk, Germany, on the shr 7280 oral gnrh receptor antagonizer project, including 12 new drugs, such as the relative depth of 300, with gsk, including a down payment of $500 million & potentially about $12 billion
In the first half of the year, the company received the sum of US$ 200 million and US$ 75 million in initial payments for external licences, which were recognized as revenue, further boosting the growth of business performance indicators and making external licences a new engine for performance growth.
Investment proposal: Consider the company ' s rich R & D pipeline and the risk of a large amount of authorized revenue recognizing contribution performance, and the risk of a product being registered at a slower rate than expected. I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively with diligence, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been forthcoming in the past.
He has been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report. Xianpei, Master of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, Shanghai Transport University, more than 10 years of medical examination and research experience in the pharmaceutical industry, extensive research by companies, with a view to medicine, Sun Yi, two masters in pharmaceutical engineering at Nanjing University/University of New South Wales business analysis, employed in civil securities in 2021, joined the Galaxy Securities Institute in 2023 and was mainly engaged in research.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.