Mid 2025: Continued use of innovative medicines, bd as of 24/08/2025
US$ 200 million for mercksharp&dohme and US$ 75 million for the initial external licensing payments were recognized as revenue and profits increased more. ▪ Innovation results continued to materialize, and sales of creative drugs and medicines were driven by steady growth: companies had already made a difference.
After having been approved for listing in China 23 new molecular entity drugs (i.e. 1 innovative drug), 4 other innovations were approved for listing, 5 Ndas were accepted, 10 entered the iii period, 22 entered the ii period, and 15 entered the i period for the first time. The company is developing over 400 innovative drugs for over 100 items.
In a clinical trial, we believe that the share of corporate income from innovative medicines is expected to continue to rise, in addition to the innovation drugs, the thickness of the piped line has created a regularization of the seabd, driving steady growth in performance, the overseas authorization harvest has continued, and the process of internationalization has steadily advanced: since 2018, the company bd has traded.
The first payment has reached $1.1 billion, with a total of $25.7 billion. Since 2023, the company's bd has increased significantly, working with Merk, Mossatón, gsk, to complete the parp1 suppression of Heung Swe Medicine (600276); 2023 newspaper and
In July 2025, the company agreed with the company gsk to take stock of the 2024 round-the-clock report: the ratio of income from innovation medicines.
There is an increase in overseas equity and exclusive overseas licensing for up to 11 projects, and the internationalization process is proceeding steadily.
Approximately $12 billion in choice fees and milestone payments, and corresponding gradients for Heung Swe Medicine (600276) : mid-2023
Review: Back on growth track, the price of an external authorization for an innovation drug buys back between $1.0 billion and $2 billion for the employee holding scheme.
Quantities (including new adaptive conditions) ~20, building blueprints for innovative drug development over the next three years.  Profit predictions and investment ratings: our performance is steadily increasing, based on the amount of innovative drugs put in by companies and the authorization to go out to seabd; 2) continued advancement of bd and internationalization; and 3) counterfeiting of pharmaceutical profits into Qing.
Three major financial forecasts for Heung Swe Medicines. Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd. has qualified as a securities investment consulting business with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.