The pharmaceutical team has a high growth in performance, a remarkable increase in productivity, a driver of innovation, and a high growth in performance. Company 25h1 achieves income from the sale of innovative medicines and licensing.
1. "Hinry Medicines: New molecules have come to fruition, overseas authorized for hundreds of millions of dollars. New healthcare drugs such as Rivirum, Dar Silly, Gangley and others continue to be released at high speeds.
2. Rapid Growth of Innovative Medicine Operations, External Authorized Income Provision, Sulphur Pefir-Gexting, Haetra-Poppa, Dynamics of Growth, 2024.8.22
“Lending the ship to the sea” has worked well, and bd has opened the second growth curve. Company 25h1 received an initial payment of $200 million from the msd company and $75 million from the Ideaya company, which has significantly increased its performance.
Cooperation with Merk, Germany, covering oral gnrh receptor antagonists (first payment of 15 million Euros milestone payment plus sales withdrawal), pde 3/4 for 12 new drugs and gsk (first payment of $500 million + potential options of approximately $12 billion and milestones)
Research and development for innovation has entered the harvest period. Corporate 25h1 has invested $3.871 billion in research and development, of which more than 100 have conducted more than 400 in- and out-of-sea clinical trials in the development of innovative products, adc (resistance).
The technology platform is becoming more and more sophisticated. 25hi, 6x1 new drugs have been marketed, including the global first super-duration pcsk9 anti-Ricasi, the first national Jak1 inhibitor, the Emma Shattini, and her 2dccon Cretus.
The company ' s 25h1 sales cost rate, R & D cost rate of 27.85%, R & D rate of 8.15%, compared to the 1:11 pcts, -0.48 pcts, is stable.
The net operating cash flow of $4.300 billion, compared to the high growth in corporate income from innovative medicines and the significant results of “loaning out the sea”; the abundance of pipelines and the lack of clinical exposures; the failure of overseas authorizations to meet the expected risks; and domestic control fees
Overstretched risk; exchange gain/loss risk, etc.
Analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market