The speed of the voyage is accelerating, and a review of the Heung Swe Medical Incident (600276) is taking place on September 25th, 2025.
Incident: On 24 September, the company issued a public announcement and an agreement was reached with Glenmarkspecialtys.a. (hereinafter referred to as “glenmarksspecialty”) to grant a paid licence to Glenmarkspecialty for the company's 1st type of innovation drug with autonomous intellectual property rights (Shr-a1811).
The company st034052311002 has increased the pace of its voyage to the sea.
The first Chinese-owned anti-coupled drug approved for her2 mutation Nsclc patients, 24 September 2025.
The company will receive a fee for approval of the company’s shr-a1811 project for an innovative type of patented drug, hr-a1811, for Glenmarkspecialty.
$18 million in initial payments and eligible for up to $1,093 million in milestone payments and sales. This is the company's second list of overseas innovation medicines this month. On September 5, Heung Swe announced medicine with the USbraveheartbio, inc. (hereinafter: braveheartbio)
Its autonomous Mysosin mini-molecular inhibitor, hrs-1893, reached an exclusive licensing agreement, received an initial payment of $65 million and was eligible for a milestone payment of up to $1,013 million related to clinical development and marketing. The deal helped widen.
Companies accelerate research and development innovation and their integration into global innovation networks. In integrating global research and development teams, companies continuously optimize the top-level design thinking of internationalization and make full use of China and overseas.
In different countries and regions, clinical research and development teams are well placed to approve conditions and the epidemiological characteristics of the disease, with complementary and deeper integration in terms of technology, talent, and other resources. At the same time, the Department actively explores with multinational pharmaceutical companies, innovative start-ups, and innovative investments in the context of globalization.
Exchange cooperation among diverse partners, such as capital funds and regional leading pharmaceutical companies, seeking opportunities to work with leading global pharmaceutical companies to achieve a rapid transformation of research and development results, with international leading partners covering overseas markets, accelerating integration into global drug innovation networks and ultimately maximizing product value
In dollar, the company, as a leader in domestic innovation drugs, maintains a rapid growth in innovation medicine and contributes to the company’s performance. A “buy-in” rating is given to the company.
This report is presented independently and objectively, within the limits of what is known, in a professional manner and with due diligence, and with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business departments of the company, issuers, listed companies, fund managers, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in the present report and have not used it to issue them.