Heung Swe Medicine (600276.sh) Wang Wei Chul has grown steadily, bd has increased profits, 25h1 net profit yoy + 30%
\triangleright’s performance meets expectations. Net profits are growing rapidly, on the one hand, through the sale of innovative medicines, and on the other hand, the company’s 25h1 account for $US 200 million on Mercksharp&dohme and USD 75 million on the other.
After the elimination of licensed income and non-recurring gains and losses (with a licence of Euro160 million for 24h1, converted to Euro1.39 billion), the main industry has earned $8.56 billion and yoy + 12.5 per cent of the net profit on a quarterly basis, recording a net profit of $2.570 billion from the mother.
Youy+24.9 per cent net back-to-mothers Yoy+17.6 per cent growth driven by innovation income in the main industry, and bd trading revenue will continue to increase for the second half of the year: corporate ownership continues to grow with $7.57 billion (excluding income from external licensing), yoy+14.5 per cent in innovation medicine,
Reveruamine, Dar Silly, Henglei, etc. have been growing rapidly in healthcare innovation, and Aparani, Pulmonium, Pulmonium and Pali, among others, have been increasing steadily as new adaptations continue to be approved.
The net gain of $1.99 billion on the first payment of the bd transaction, the Euro15 million and $500 million initial payments agreed with Merck and Gsk in April and July 25, have not been taken into account and are expected to continue to increase in the second half of the year
\triangleright a shareholding plan and a share buy-back plan: the company also publishes a new shareholding plan, proposed to reach no more than 1,316 directors, supervisors, senior and core managers and cadres at a cost of $30.95/equity
With no more than 14 million shares, unlocking requires a focus on innovation (see table 1 for details), we believe that there will be a significant boost to the marketing of innovative medicines and research and development, as well as to the continuing transformation of innovation in companies.
The increase in net profits and the faster growth of innovative medicines, the repurchase of shares and the roll-out of the Stakeholder Scheme will boost the recovery of a share, and we will maintain the “buy-in” rating.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. The investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. are not made by individual clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or reissued for any purpose in all or part of the report issued or printed.