With a blade battery and a new launch cycle, Biadey's dynamic report is moving fast, and the Chinese company's market is number one.
Since its establishment in 1995, the company has developed at a rapid pace and has now achieved a strategic layout for the six continents around the globe, covering such areas as automobiles, secondary chargers and photovoltaics, cellular components and assembly, and modern urban transport orbits, represented by cloud tracks and Yunba. From 2015 to 2019, the company's new energy vehicles were sold continuously.
In March 2020, the company ' s blade battery began to produce in the Chongqing Fody Battery Plant and is now steadily climbing the slope.
Batteries improve past iron cell deficiencies, security performance is balanced with continued mileage, with a 50% increase in volume relative to energy density and a full vehicle life of more than a million km. Moreover, the design of blade batteries is expected to bring down 20-30% of the cost, which is expected to increase as capacity continues to climb up the slopes, the internal load increase and the opening of outer space.
This unit, compared to the 300-degree trend, will bring new profit growth points for companies. The power-infused mix will be upgraded, and the downside is expected to further improve competitiveness.
The company announced a completely new upgrade-plug-up platform, divided into dm-p and dm-i versions. The dm-p is an extreme performance version of the current 3.0 technology, following a platform structure of three-and-a-dips or two-dips, with an emphasis on the integration of bsg electric machines and engines.
“Han” is expected to lead the recovery, and the company's new product cycle is set up for the first time since July, with the flagship “Han” with a blade battery and a high-performance carbonated silicone control module.
The volume of single cars has risen and sales have continued to grow. In September, Han achieved a mass delivery of 5612 vehicles, with 40.3% ring growth, and cumulatively, delivery has broken out of 10,000 gates, showing a strong push for performance and brand upwards. In the third and fourth quarters of this year, new Biadi vehicles have been heavily marketed, the Dynasty series and e-net series have continued to operate, and the Blade Battery has driven the development of priority cars.
80, 64 times. The company’s value/ebitda is 28.9 times the industry’s median value, 24 times the industry’s median value. Given the company’s role as the van leader of our new energy vehicle, new energy cars, blade batteries and car regulation semiconductors have great prospects, valuation premiums are given, first coverage is given, and “recommended” ratings are given.
Industry recovery is not as good as expected: new models are sold less than expected: batteries are out of supply as expected. One or two dozen vehicles are moving faster, and new energy vehicles are well positioned (i) to build a full range of new energy businesses.
Biyadi, registered in Shenzhen City in February 1995, with a registered capital of 2.5 million yuan, and after 25 years of rapid development, has now established more than 30 industrial parks around the globe to achieve a strategic layout for six continents across the globe, covering areas such as electronics, automobiles, new energy sources and orbital transport, where it plays an important role, from energy access, storage and application.
On July 7, 2020, the stock price of Jadi was renewed at a higher rate than that of the upper-mortality group, which became the first company in a market. The company’s main operations include automobile operations, cellular parts and assembly operations, secondary charge batteries, and photovoltaic operations, while using its own.
The technological advantages of Biadi include traditional fuel and new energy vehicles. With leading technology, cost advantages, and excellence in international standards, the company’s automobile business is growing rapidly.
Rapid growth as China’s autonomous brand car leader. As a leader in the development and promotion of new energy vehicles, companies have a strong accumulation of technology and a leading market share in the area of new energy vehicles, combined competitiveness and brand influence are increasing, and industry leadership in the area of new energy vehicles has been established.
Mobile phone parts and assembly operations: one-stop service for vertical integration. The company is an international high-end manufacturer that provides a vertical one-stop service from whole machine design, component production, to whole machine assembly. The product covers mobile phones, tablet computers, and other consumer-type electrical sub-products.
Business also covers a wide range of market areas such as smart phones, smart clothes, computers, auto smart systems, object networking, smart homes, games, hardware, robotics, drones, communications equipment, electronic fogging, medical devices, etc. With industry-led R & D and manufacturing power, diversified product mix, and high-quality customer resources, corporate business has entered a new round of high-speed growth.
Secondary charge batteries and photovoltaic operations: one of the world’s leading producers of secondary charge batteries. Lithium ion batteries and nickel batteries produced by companies are widely used in a variety of consumer electronics and new smart products, with major customers including consumer electronics leaders such as Samsung, Dell, and global leading robot manufacturers such as Corvos, irobot.
The two main lithium ion-powered battery technologies, the lithium phosphate cell and the three-dollar lithium battery, are gradually opening up external supply markets at the same time that they form a branded internal supply chain. Urban orbital transport: building modern urban orbital transport systems.
With the official launch of the track cloud track product, the first one with autonomous intellectual property rights has been built, and the company has formally entered the city's track transport industry. Urban track transport is one of the priorities of the company's future development and is expected to bring new increases in company profits. (ii) The capacity of the entire car has expanded and the van has become more powerful.
The company’s new energy automobile business has been expanding. In 2003, the company acquired the Xi An Qincheon Motors Plant, and in the course of the development of the automobile business, it achieved a strategic shift of focus from traditional fuel to new energy cars. From 2015 to 2018, the company’s new energy vehicle sales and revenues continued to grow, with a new energy vehicle sales of 24,78,000 vehicles in 2018, generating $52,422 million.
In 2019, as a result of the fall in subsidies and the downturn in the entire new energy sector, the company ' s sales of new energy vehicles and revenues declined slightly, but it still achieved sales of 22,950,000 vehicles, representing 31.43 per cent of the company ' s total revenues in 2019.
First in the world, new energy cars were sold for the fifth consecutive year in 2015-2019. New energy cars were sold globally in 2018-2019 over the world by Tesla, but they were still the first in China.
At Shenzhen Industrial Park, the main producer is Tang Fuel, Tangdm, Tangev, with a capacity of 100,000, with a capacity of 98.1 million in 2019 and a capacity utilization rate of 98.10 per cent.
In April 2018, the company ' s new energy car factory expansion project was contracted to invest $3 billion in new energy and a vehicle capacity of 200,000. In April 2019, the company signed an agreement with the city government of Changzhou for a pure electric vehicle and spare parts production plant to build thousands of new energy vehicles to produce a total of 10 vehicles in the dynasty and e series, covering a range from micro-to-large vehicles.
With the completion of the Changsha plant expansion project and the Changzhou factory project, the company produced 1.4 million vehicles per year, resulting in a more sophisticated pattern of deactivated vehicle bases, which covered a wide range of provinces and cities. As of 2018, the company ' s commercial capacity was concentrated in Shenzhen, Changsha, Nanjing, Nanjing.
In addition, the company has established businesses in Tianjin, Qingjia, Dalian, Taihara, Yinde, Wuhan, Jiaaki, Ningbo, etc. In April 2019, the company officially completed the construction of a new energy commercial vehicle base in Guilin, mainly for the production of cloud tracks, new energy passenger vehicle products, which will also be used for the production of special-purpose bus lines in the markets of Guangxi, Yunnan, Guizhou and ASEAN countries, and the planning year for the Guilin base.
On July 6th, 2020, the Huai An New Energy Specialized Vehicle Industry gave an official contribution of $1 billion. On July 19th, the company signed a strategic agreement with Chengdu to build a commercial vehicle base in Chengdu, and to establish the Institute for Commercial Motors in Chengdu, which will work together to promote the use of the company ' s new energy commercial vehicle in the southwest.
High inputs make up strong R & D capacity. Companies focus on R & D inputs, and R & D inputs increased steadily between 2015 and 2018, with a partial drop in 2019 years of capital, leading to a decline in total R & D inputs, while cost R & D inputs continued to grow, increasing from the previous year to the same year; R & D investments were capitalized (billion yuan)
Cost-effective R & D investment (millions of yuan) - R & D investment as a share of business income - 2 - Market wide and policy good, industry is expected to grow
(i) China’s new energy vehicle market remains significant. As of 2019, our new energy vehicle sales were ranked first in the world for the fifth consecutive year: from 2016 to 2019, our new energy vehicle sales exceeded the total for the rest of the countries, with a global share above 50 per cent.
According to the Development Plan for the New Energy Motor Industry (2021-2035) published by the Ministry of Information and Communications in December 2019, China plans to achieve new vehicle sales for new energy vehicles by 2025 at 4.68% of all vehicle sales. As of 2019, we had about 3.81 million new vehicles.
With 260 million motor vehicle holdings and less than 1.5% of new energy vehicles. Green travel is a determined development in China and the world, and our new energy car market is still open. Figure 8: Our new energy vehicle sales and share for 2010-2019
On April 23, 2020, four ministries issued a joint circular on improving the policy of fiscal subsidies for the promotion of new energy vehicles, which provides fiscal subsidies for new energy vehicles.
At the same time, the provinces and municipalities responded to the call of the state to actively promote a preferential policy for energy-saving and reduction of motor vehicles. National and provincial policies at the municipal level have not only helped large-scale cars to shift to new energy sources, but also stimulated demand for new and dynamic new energy vehicles.
On June 15, 2020, the Ministry of Information and Technology issued a decision on the revision of the parallel management of the average fuel consumption in automobiles and the share of new energy vehicles. The technical standards that have emerged since the introduction of the two-part separation policy in 2018 are in urgent need of updating, insufficient investment by enterprises in fuel car efficient technologies, and the market for points trading.
There is a need to make some adjustments to previous policies to improve fuel-car energy-saving technology requirements and new energy-based vehicle technology. A more rigorous system of factor acquisition will facilitate the development of energy-saving and new-energy-based vehicle technology by individual car firms, while making the system more efficient.
The average fuel consumption and the share of new energy vehicles in automobiles (public) was the highest in 2019 in 119 domestic car-producing enterprises and 27 imported car-supply enterprises, amounting to 478587 points. Companies are expected to increase their earnings and profits by selling their surplus positive points, thereby partially compensating for the financial losses from the fall in subsidies, and with the latter.
The positive advantage of the marketization of trading mechanisms and the imbalance between the supply and demand of the trade in credits will be more pronounced, as will the positive advantage of the energy-saving abatement technologies leading the corporate sector. Thirdly, the cost advantage will expand the profit margin with the emergence of blade batteries.
(i) Blade cells: the Bialdi blade cell is an improved version of the improved phosphate lithium cell, which was developed in the direction of the company from the start of its power cell development, compared to the three-dollar lithium battery, which is more safe, has a longer life cycle and is made.
The cost of doing it is lower, but the market for phosphate lithium batteries has been less than the three-dollar battery for a long time due to problems such as low energy density, which has resulted in lower mileage of automobiles. The blade cells officially launched by Biadi at the end of March 2020 have further improved the performance of phosphorus. Lithium acid batteries: not only has safety increased, but the energy density of the system has reached 140wh/kg, which has reached a further mileage.
Compared to previous lithium phosphate batteries, the technological innovations in blade batteries are: (1) innovative long-uniform designs. Single batteries are 96 centimetres long, 9 centimetres wide, 1.35 centimetres tall, blade-like, lined through arrays, increasing volume interest rates. (2) No module assembly. Batteries are assembled in battery bags without the battery module structure, reducing spare parts.
Step by step to increase the use of the battery bag space, while reducing the complexity of the assembly, resulting in greater stability and lower failure rates. (3) A solid individual battery shell. A single battery shell is a aluminium or steel shell and is large, with sophisticated layout, battery bag safety.
Knife cell safety is compatible with a continuous mileage. Based on the results of the three battery needle puncture tests published by the former company, the Trinity battery was heavily burned after a needle was stabbed short circuit, with a surface temperature exceeding 500 °C, with undetected fire, smoke, a surface temperature of 200 °C ~ 400 °C, and a blade battery undetected and smoke-free, with a surface temperature of only 30 °C ~ 40 °C, with virtually no change in the eggs placed on the surface.
It shows excellent thermal out-of-control performance; secondly, the size energy density of the blade battery has increased by 50% compared to the previous phosphate lithium battery.
The results of the three-power battery needle bar comparison test, the phosphate lithium block battery, the Biaddy Blade battery.
Round columns burn, undetected fire, smoke, fire, fire.
The surface temperature is more than 500°C, the surface temperature is 200°C ~ 400°C. In March 2020, the blade battery began production at the Biadi Chongqing Fody Battery Plant, and production capacity is now steadily climbing the slope.
The Blade Batteries model is the company’s main push for the new flagship model “Han” in 2020, and future use of the Blade Batteries will continue to rise. The superior performance of the Blade Batteries will bring about new growth in the company’s power cell operations and automobile operations.
Knife batteries have a significant cost advantage. Blade batteries have a positive material of lithium phosphate, while trio batteries are mainly nickel-cobalt, manganese-carbate, containing precious metal cobalt. As of now, the domestic price of phosphate-based lithium is 34,000 yuan/tonne, the market balance of supply and demand is stable, while the market price of the three-dollar battery electrode raw materials is higher, and the price for domestic triomaterials (523) is 13.55 in mid-October.
The cost of a three-dollar battery in 2019 is 0.9/wh, the cost of a blade battery is as low as 0.6/wh, and the design of a blade battery will result in a 20-30% reduction in costs. The cost of using a blade battery is approximately 23,000 dollars, based on the capacity of the Biadihanev battery.
Blade batteries are currently in production at the Biadi Chongqing Fody Battery Plant, which began construction in February 2019, and will be officially operational in March 2020. The Fody Battery Plant will complete eight production lines by the end of this year, achieving its annual capacity target of 20 gwh.
State factories, Shenzhen, which has an annual capacity of 14 gwh, and Qinghai, which has an annual capacity of 24 gwh. The unmanufactured battery plants include the Xianen factory, the Chang Shaning county factory, and the Chongqing plant, which was built jointly with Chang-Ang’s car. So, the company’s power cell capacity is planned to total 120 gwh, and the scale effect of the significant increase in blade cell capacity is expected to further reduce production costs and increase the company’s profit margin.
Knife battery production is going to go up the slope, and "Han" delivery is going up. After Biadehan's launch on July 12, orders quickly broke over 30,000. With the smooth climb of the blade battery production and the gradual increase in production of the sic, the problem of Byadihan production will be resolved gradually, and delivery will accelerate considerably in the future. In addition, Songplusev, Donev, Qin, Qinpro, d1, Yuan, who carries the blade battery.
In the past, the company used power cells largely for its own use, and since this year, the company will gradually boost the supply of power cells. According to the Ministry of Industry and Communications's Road Motor Vehicle Productions and Products Bulletin (Nos. 333, 334), the company moved in 2020.
Power batteries have been supplied to a number of companies, such as North Gas, Long Anfort, Qingdao Sol, the Central Passenger Car, and the Hubei Five Rings, for battery types, including three-dollar batteries and lithium phosphate batteries. The outside supply of batteries is expected to bring new profitable growth points to the company.
(i) There is considerable room for mixed market growth, and the country’s car market is now in the transition from a traditional fuel truck to a new energy vehicle. The discharge of pollution has led to a shift from a traditional fuel truck to a sustainable development of the country, while a purely electric car is still built, owing to the high cost of the current phase, in infrastructure such as a recharge stake.
Incompleteness, among other things, inhibits consumer demand. Intubated hybrid cars can be freely switched between fuel and pure electric models, better than the energy-saving performance of conventional fuel vehicles and less than the cost of manufacturing pure electric vehicles, with less reliance on charge-posts, with considerable potential for growth expected.
According to market patterns, the combined market share of the top 10 manufacturers in the year 2018 was about 94.6 per cent, the city of Biadei accounted for between percentage points and 26.1 per cent, and it still held the first place in the year. And 28391, with all three models entering the top five of the annual retail sales.
Do not sell 22,973 and 11544 vehicles in the second and fifth order of all plug-in models during the year.
In keeping with the concept of “performance versus energy efficiency”, company plug-in hybrid power technology has been at the front end of the industry. In 2008, the Ministry of Finance launched a new energy vehicle, f3dm, with the first generation of double-model technology, dm1.0. In 2013, the company launched dm2.0 and applied it to the new Qin model by the end of the year. In 2018, the dm3.0 platform was officially launched, adding a bsg power plant, with two pre-dumps, four-dips, four-dips.
The dm1.0 is the first experiment of the Biadi hybrid technology, laying a good foundation for Biadi's new energy strategy; the dm is the key strategy of the Biadi hybrid technology; the dm generation is the transition from the original economic orientation to the performance orientation; and the dm generation is an upgrade of the two generation technology, which is sustaining or even surpassing the original.
The technology of Biadi’s second generation is focused on power performance, which is inadequate in terms of oil conservation, off-loading, and on energy efficiency for high-frequency owners. So the goal of Biadi’s third generation is to improve energy efficiency.
Good, but a fundamental solution to this problem cannot be achieved through the selection of electric machines or debugging procedures, and a change in the overall structure is required. dm3.0 is based on dm2.0 and adds a p0-placed power-up unit to the engine belt wheel. The core problem is that the power used in starting to stop this energy waste is giving the engine a starter.
Biadi officially released an upgrade based on dm3.0, which splits the dm platform into dm-p and dm-i. The two versions of the dm system are not just an upgrade based on existing technology, they create Biadi high performance phev, and they are well-positioned, well-positioned, caring.
dm-p: Superpower experience. dm-p is an optimised version based on the existing dm3.0, using a four-drive platform structure with bsg power, forward-and-front drive and a 2.0t gas engine, with a strong power and a three-pronged total peak power of 180kw, output twist 330n m. At the same time, the bsg power improves the stability of cars at acceleration, stop, and breakout, nvh
Dm-p is currently on Biadehandm, with Handm having a maximum power of 321kw and a maximum of 650n m, and Nedc having a pure electrical extension of 81 km. dm-i: economy saving, fuel vehicle replacement. dm-i is the fourth generation of Biadi's power-infused hybrid power system, and so on.
The company’s core technology platform for the next three years. According to Biadi’s official sources, dm-i includes a 42% fuel-efficient technical program, such as Atkinson’s cycle engine, double-model systems and blade batteries, which consumes less than 5 litres of oil without charge, 100 kilometres faster than conventional fuel trucks, 2-3s, 50 kilometres more than a full-power extension, and Nvh further upgrades, with a focus on economic energy conservation.
In 2021, the company is expected to install dm-i on a full-time dynasty mixer, and the new power structure of dm-i will result in a significant reduction in the cost of the system, combined with low-cost blade batteries, an estimated 0.68 million dollars in 2021 worth of mixed car subsidies and 10 per cent of purchases, and the Biadi mixer car with dm-i will essentially achieve the price level of fuel trucks of the same grade.
With a two-pronged approach, it is expected that the company will achieve a rapid increase in sales and that, taking into account the power and driving experience of a better fuel vehicle than the same level, the company will be expected to take over the fuel truck market.
In July 2020, the company launched the brand-new flag dynasty series, including pure electric and plug-in hybrid power versions.
The pre-sale price of $230,000, the location of the large and medium-sized sedan, the continuation of the dragonface design on the entire surface of the car, and the configuration of the surface of the atmosphere plus the high end were an attempt by Biadi to explore the high-end market.
In August 2020, the new flag-ship Tang was officially listed. There are two power versions of the new model, the fuel version and the dm version (plug-in), with a pre-sale price of $170,000 and $300,000, respectively. On the outside, the model was developed jointly by the three world-renowned design directors, Wolfgang Eger, Michel Paganetti, and Juan María Lopez, and is a “dragonface” design language.
In the interior, there is a 15.6 inch rotationable screen with an internal dilink 3.0 smart network system, and the cortex is used on the skin, with a much higher sense of stratification; in the performance, 2021 Tangdm is built on a brand-new dm-p platform, with four driving models: hybrid (hev) and pure electric (ev) systems, with their respective models of motion.
“Han” “Don” provides a solid support for the growth of Biadi’s sales. According to the data, the sales of Biadi’s new energy vehicle pattern grew dramatically, with 18603 vehicles in September, an increase of 42.6% over the same period and 32.8% over the same period.
In September, the growth point of Biadi's new energy vehicle was mainly high-end and Don, with a 54.7 per cent increase in its vehicle, accounting for 27.33 per cent of the company's new energy vehicle sales. Biadihan's number of orders has risen and sales have continued to increase since it was marketed in July.
In September, there were 5612 bulk deliveries in Han, an increase of 40.3 per cent over the August ring; and cumulative bulk deliveries, which reached 10817, of which Hanev cumulatively delivered 7229 and Handm cumulatively delivered 35,588.
The 2021 edition of the Tangdm-type harvest market has been resounding, and future sales are expected. The original Tangdm became a new energy source in China, and the branded flagship flag has been declining, with sales of only 1713 in 2020q1. The new Tangdm was officially on the market on August 16, and by the end of September, 8,372 were sold, known as the “peaks of the summit”, and the modified Tangdm model was integrated into the family interior.
Design, with significant improvements in material use, work and visual abundance: while there has been no hardware adjustment, power output has been optimized with zero per cent acceleration to 4.3s, and value ratios are significantly higher than the original, and subsequent sales are expected. (ii) Products are heavily wired to expand the scope for performance growth.
By the end of 2020, Biadi’s new vehicle was listed heavily, the Dynasty series and the e-net series were continuously active. Knife batteries drove the priority vehicle to improve, and Biadi’s performance is expected to increase further. On September 16, Biadezonplus was officially listed, with an official selling price of $11,58-1438,000, and the new car was positioned on a compact suv
Cars, co-operated with Songpro and Tang to take over more of the target markets.
On September 5th, the Biadi Dynasty series of major vehicles - All Qin announced the opening of a global pre-sale during the exhibition, with a new generation of intellectual senses and electric cross-border car e2 announced that the Sichuan region was on the market. Of this, the entire Qin fuel price was set at $6.68-868 and the entire Qinev subsidy was set at $13.98-14.68 million. Under Qinev conditions, its 100 km energy cost was as low as 12.9 kwh, and 100 km of electricity cost was only $6 left.
Right. The traffic energy of the e2 under the Biadi flag is as low as 10.9kwh, with the two successive versions of the " nedc " range reaching 405km and 305km, respectively, with a vehicle cost of up to 5.2 cents per kilometer, increasing the economy of the car that users use every day.
In view of the rapid release of the blade battery, Biadi states that the new car, 2020-2021, uses the blade battery and improves the profits of the bicycle by about $3,000. The subsequent blade battery is expected to accelerate its roll-out.
A step-by-step reduction in production costs and greater profit margins: industry recovery is not as high as expected; sales of new car models are not as high as expected; spare parts are not available as expected.
Wang Jingjun, Bachelor of Economics, Wuhan University, Master of Finance, Nanjing University, joined the civil securities scheme in July 2018. The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment advisory profession granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.