A steady growth in performance and accelerated nationalization strategy - Shanxi Wine (60809.sh) incident evaluation report 28 August 2025, Shanxi Wine published its semi-annual performance announcement for 2025.
Conns@cfsc.com. cn zhangqian@cfsc.com.cn fine control cost placement to optimize resource allocation at stratification
2025q2 Māori ratio is equal to 3 pct to 71.88 per cent; sales cost rate is equal to reduced matrix price segment tilted input and differentiated stock, increment, of four monolithic series to enhance horizontal distribution of marketing costs with a view to fine-tuning
Management and dynamic adjustment improves operational efficiency and profitability. Product matrix four-wheel drive, nationalization 2.0 continues to deepen.
By sub-channel, the company's agents/groups of purchasers directly sell the canals of 2025h1 , which creates end-of-pipe multi-dimensional incentive systems and full-flow fee control mechanisms, facilitate the operation of channels for fine-tuning management. By sub-region, the company's 2025h1 department/provincial
1 Shanxi Liquor (60809): Performance Note 2.0 Strategy for Nationalization, built around "Swiss of Red Days, Five Stars of Brightness, Qing Kao" 2, Shanxi Liquor (60809): A Renaissance Platform
The market is well-developed and productive, with potential areas such as long triangles and bead triangles moving into the second phase, looking at the full range of factors, the abundance of corporate product matrices, multi-price belt coverage, and the gradual improvement of internal controls.
The impact of the cards has continued to grow, demonstrating strong business resilience. As the nationalization strategy has accelerated, the competitive advantage of differentiated firms has highlighted the promise that future performance will remain robust, macroeconomic downside risks, industry competition increases risks, food safety risks, and production.
The food and beverages group introduced Sunshan: Master of Economics, eight years of research experience in food and beverage sellers, full coverage of the food and beverage industry.
Focus on the beverage plate, study in depth the white wine industry, etc., has been employed in the NSS, New Age securities, stock fundamentals, seeking medium- and long-term equity opportunities, mastering short- and medium-term potential shares, and working hard to think about the white wine plate, with deep market thinking and insight into the Sou wine.
I do not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or because of, the specific suggestions or opinions in this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the projection of a stock or industry index vis-à-vis the main indicators of the relevant securities market illustrates that: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes: a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreed transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer)
The Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
Yes, but without any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information. We have tried to report its contents objectively and impartially, but the information and views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, which do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financials, and the persons to whom this report is based.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.