Product restructuring and nationalization support robust performance - performance rating for the first half of 2025: Shanxi Wine Bulletin 2025. Income of $24 billion was achieved in the first half of 2025, compared to the previous year.
The product restructuring and nationalization support robust performance: sub-products, which achieved 23.4 billion yuan in the first half of the year, compared to 5.75 per cent, of which q1/q2 was + 8.2 per cent and +0.6 per cent, respectively.
Given the higher-than-average growth of the Bosun and Saffron series, it remains an important enabler for companies to respond to the industry's backlash, Liu Lei-Jen; the old-haired series has remained stable, slightly lower than we expected, owing to regional competition for wine in the 100-200-bit segment.
In sub-regions, revenues in the first half of the year were $8.7 billion, or +4.04 per cent; Intra-provincial revenues were $15.1 billion, or +6.15 per cent. Intra-provincial fundamentals were well established; the industry was still active in the face of the wind; and the nationalization landscape, with long triangles, bead triangles and other potential regions maintaining high growth rates.
The annual Māori rate is stable, with a ratio of q2 Māori to the same ratio -3.2 pcts, mainly due to changes in product structure. Sales rates in the first half of the year were the same ratio +1.1 pct, companies maintained their investment in branding in the context of nationalization expansion. In the first half of the year, a global communications matrix was built through 30 focused outreach projects, focusing on high irons, airports, etc.
The end scene has intensified brand penetration, the phoenix network has created cultural ips like "The Year of Winning China", and it has been recommended that companies continue to make steady progress with good product structures and nationalization, as a result of which income has continued to grow relatively well with the industry in the first half of the year, and profit margins have changed due to product structure.
Taking into account the adverse impact of the prohibition on the demand for white wine, we adjust the company ' s profit projections, and expect that I will be committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete the investment.
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the information contained in this report is provided to the client for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to the client and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or integrity. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the present report that Galaxy securities may be issued other than the present report.