The product matrix guarantees income resilience and short-term profit pressure. The 25q2 company generated $7,441 million, an increase of 0.45 per cent over the same period; the net profit to the mother was $1,857 million, a decrease of 13.5 per cent over the same period.
Resilient, and thanks to digital scavenging management, the price of the core bulk of the monolith is stable. Due to the faster use of low-priced products, the ratio of corporate Maori in the second quarter was between 3.21 pct and 71.88%, and the ratio of turnover tax was better than in the south of the Yangtze River, and the share of the province continued to rise.
The growth of the potential areas of Long Triangles, Pearls, etc., has continued at a high rate. The Qingixiang Development Divide has been outstanding. The ratio of income to the previous six months was between 0.47 pct and 63.42 per cent, and the market has opened up.
In order to continue to optimize the quality of dealers, 229 (all from outside the province) were added in the first half of the year, a decrease of 475 (mostly from the province); 254 (or 567) were added to other dealers; by the end of the first half of the year, there were 3166/828 others.
The increase in the use of currency notes has had an impact on cash flows. In the first half of the year, the company collected $20,731 million from sales \triangleright to unwind the pressure on the channel and gave the dealer a policy to charge the currency bill, resulting in a reduction in cash receipts.
Shanxi Liquor (60809.sh): At the end of the year, the corporate contract debt was $5.983 billion, an increase of $251 million over the same year, mainly in response to changing needs, coping with pressures, maintaining order and stability.
Profit projection and investment rating: We believe that the trend towards an increase in the share of the Qingixiang is still clear, in line with Shanxi Liquor (600809.sh): Health \triangleright
Over $30 billion, marketing and innovation, consumer demand for easy drinking, and the company's low-priced products are more competitive in the market, less affected by the city's environment, and Taki's stable. The company's 30-year revival has been upgraded to the market in three quarters.
Shanxi wine (60809.sh): Main speed control, maintenance of performance Risk factors: risk of macro-environmental uncertainty: industry competition increases risk
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd. Goldstone Building No. 127 Minxi Avenue, Beijing West Side.
Qui Li, Master of Financial Sciences, Graduated from the Wang Yanan School of Economics at Xiamen University, four years of experience in food and beverage research.
Chiu Dan morning, Master of Economics, Graduated from Xiamen University School of Economics, four years of food and beverage research experience.
Zhao Lei, Master of Food Science and Research, Graduated from Madison, University of Wisconsin, United States, followed by two years of research and development and operation in Saputu, a mammoth giant. Three years of research experience in the food and beverages industry, covering dairy products (in-depth research on Elie shares, Montagnard milk industry, delta bluedo and heavenly milk industry) and food additives (in-depth research on Angel yeast, Bronco Gardens, Carboyo, morning light biology and bowling treasures, etc.).
Wang Xueqing, Master of Management, Cornell University, B.A. in Economics + International Relations, Washington University, three years of research experience in the food and beverage industry, covering beer (in-depth study of Huayun beer, Qingdao beer, Chongqing beer, Joojiang beer), beverage (in-depth study of Farmer Springs, Dong Peng beverages, Peon shares, cheerers) and now-made drinking plates.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.