Middle and Far Sea Control (60199.sh) performed well in the third quarter, following the negotiations of the Association.
In the third quarter of the year, business income was $177,737 million in the first three quarters, compared to +29.80 per cent, resulting in a significant increase in the return ccfi ring, which led to the release of company performance. In the third quarter, the Middle and Far Seas controlled cargo volume was 6,58 million teu, with a 2.3 per cent increase in ring q2, but the route revenue was 67,360 million and the ring was about the increase.
A 552 point increase is significant. In the last three quarters, a total of 19.397 million teu, or 9.07 per cent, was achieved by sea control, with a split route across the Pacific, Asia, Europe, Asia, other countries, mainland China, with revenue of 15.775 billion yuan, compared with 32.56 per cent, and a split route across the Pacific, Asia, Europe, Asia, Asia, Asia.
However, it is worth noting that q4 performance is still to be observed due to the profit of the shipping company and the delay in the ccfi price index over the spot. The dock operations are robust.
Of this amount, 24,5566,000 TEUs, or 6.89%, were in holding docks. For the second half of the year, it was worth the same amount as in the Bay, Long Triangle, South-East Coast, Pearl Triangle, South-West Coast, and Offshore Terminals, respectively.
Mid-Sea Control (601919.sh) – The Quarterly Performance Ring has grown significantly, and q2 is expected to meet the red Sea crisis, which has led to the global Far East-European roundabout, and a phased mix of supply and demand has led to a clustering of shipments.
There has been a marked improvement in the industry climate, but the one-time impact of the Red Sea crisis on the speed of the increase has begun to diminish, with spot prices gradually falling, ccfi prices index or visible in the fourth quarter of the year.
The q3 performance increased significantly, considering that three quarters of the company’s performance exceeded that of the third quarter. The q3 performance increased significantly, taking into account three quarters of the performance of the company. Three quarters of the year 2024 was released by the CMW, which increased by +72.73% from +72.73% from +73.13% from +38.5 billion net profit from non-repatriation.
Figure 1: Medium- and Far-Sea Control Business Income and Growth (Billions of Dollars, %) Figure 2: Medium and Far-Sea Control Single Season Operating Income and Growth (Billions, %) Figure 3: Middle and Far-Sea Control Mother Net Profit and Growth (Billions, %)
Figure 4: Medium- and Far-Sea controlled single season net profit and acceleration (in billions, per cent) of the cofi ring ratio increased significantly, leading to the release of company performance. In the third quarter, the Middle and Far-Sea controlled cargo volume was 6.58 million teu, with a 2.3 per cent increase in ring q2, but the route revenue was 67.36 billion yuan, with a 42.7 per cent increase in ring growth, mainly
To benefit from the increase in ccfi, the third quarter averaged 552 points higher than q2 and improved significantly. In the first three quarters, the operational volume of sea control was 19.397 million teu, compared to + 9.07%, divided by route. See, the volume of freight across the Pacific, Asia-Europe, Asia-Asia, other international and mainland China routes is equal to the volume of cargo.
+32.56 per cent, depending on the route, across the Pacific, Asia-Europe, Asia-Pacific, other international, mainland China, and the ccfi price index, respectively, lag behind the immediate market, and the price performance of q4 still needs to be observed.
Medium, the holding dock has 24,5566,000 TEUs, +6.89%. By region, the ring bays, long triangles, south-east coasts, bead triangles, south-west coasts, offshore wharfs are the same as the red sea crisis, which has led to the global Far East-Europe line bypassing the Cape of Hope, and a phased mix of supply and demand has led to a convergence industry.
There has been a marked improvement in the atmosphere, but the one-time impact of the Red Sea crisis on the speed of the increase has begun to diminish, with spot prices gradually falling, and the fourth quarter of the ccfi price index or significant drop, which still requires continued observation of consumption demand in Europe and the United States, as well as international relations. Given that the performance of companies in the third quarter has exceeded expectations.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject