Q3 performance is affected by the fall in product prices, and coal and new energy growth spaces remain in place.
The asset-liability rate is 55.94%, a change of 1.93 percentage points from the previous year. Total operating income for the three-quarter seasons fell below coal and multi-crystal silicon prices, resulting in a decline in corporate performance as a whole.
Market value of circulationa shares (billions): Both internal and external coal prices have been reversed, with an average price of 400 yuan per ton for the Urumqi pyrotechnic q3, a change of 17.16 per cent for the same year, a change of 15.03 per cent for the ring q2 and a change of 706 yuan per ton for the coyote q3 for the coyopa q3, a change of 17.75 per cent for the same year.
The change of 9.56% compared to q2 and the return of prices has led to a decline in new energy sources and coal plates that affect performance, a recovery in prices such as crystal silicon, and an expected improvement in the company’s performance in the fourth quarter.
Coal has an authorized capacity of 74 million tons, with coal producing more energy than medium coal. Coal, a subsidiary of the company, has identified 12 billion tons of coal reserves, which are among the leading companies in the coal market. A mine is now nuclear at 4 million tons/year, with a planned capacity of 20 million tons/year, and the company is located in the Xinjiang-dong mining area.
Liu Gui army has a dual geographical advantage in the field of coal transport and self-use, and there is still room for growth in the future. In terms of new energy, the company has a good expansion of crystal silicon, which is expected to reach 300,000 tons in the year, and Xinjiang is rich in wind and fresh.
The source plate also has the potential to grow. In addition, since 2023, the construction of the super-high pressure has accelerated significantly, four super-high pressure currents have been approved, follow-up lines are still growing, companies are the main suppliers of our super-high pressure transformers and converters, with a cumulative winning value of nearly $3 billion in 2023, and conventional transformer plates are expected to be maintained in the future.
\triangleright Macroeconomic growth is not as fast as expected: corporate products are mainly bulk commodities and their prices are subject to macro \triangleright
The economic impact is greater, and at a later stage the company’s performance or pressure will be higher if the country’s macroeconomic growth is slower than expected; the risk of higher-than-expected downside prices of coal, multi-crysilica and other products: in addition to macroeconomic effects, the prices of corporate coal, multi-crysilica and other products will be affected by factors such as the expansion of the country’s production capacity and imports, if these are higher than expected.
The sale volume and prices of corporate products may decline; investments in grids are not as risky as expected; corporate transformers plates are affected by investment in new grids and later transformers are sold at or below prices if planned grid investments fall short of expectations; and safe production risks: more production processes such as coal, multi-crystal silicon and transformers
Risk factors that may affect the volume of the company’s products in the event of an unexpected safety accident. Reasonable basis. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I am not, and will not be, compensated in any way, directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or opinions in this report. I promise not to take advantage of my identity, status or beliefs in the course of my profession.
For the private gain of yourself or of others.