On April 28, 2022, the company issued a quarterly report for 2022, which generated revenue of 868 million during the reporting period.
\triangleright individuals, institutional subscriptions and the continued growth of contractual liabilities reflect the potential for development. 426 million yuan, or 37 per cent, of the company ' s subscriptions to personal office services in 2022q1 countries; and 37 per cent more than in domestic institutions.
Subscriptions and services generated $145 million, an increase of 79 per cent. Individual subscriptions have been growing by nearly 40 per cent, while institutional subscriptions have performed well, mainly because of the rising quality of corporate clouds and collaborative products and solutions, and the growing experience of government and business users in the field of “crowds and collaboration” and thus effectively promoting clients.
The overall rapid development of subscriptions led to an increase in indicators such as the number of users. By the end of the reporting period, there were 572 million monthly active equipment for the company’s main products, representing an increase of 14.86 per cent over the same period the previous year, compared with the end of 2021
By product line, the monthly active equipment of wpsofficepc was 232 million, an increase of 17.17 per cent over the same period the previous year; the monthly active equipment of mobile versions was 336 million, an increase over the same period the previous year.
Kwok Xinyu, an important indicator of business potential, continued growth suggests that the company ' s subscriptions still have high growth potential.
During the reporting period, the company’s domestic agency authorized business revenue of $232 million, down 11% from the same period.
The gold mountain office (688111) reported a year-on-year review of 2021: Business slows down, but in the medium and long term, the creation of letters in key sectors such as finance, operators, energy, etc. will continue.
At the same time, the company’s advertising business has also experienced a similar decline. To enhance the user’s experience, the advertising business is under short-term pressure, but the user’s experience is expected to be optimized with 2. Kimshan Office (688111)’s 2021 performance flash point.
To improve the rate of conversion of fees, thereby contributing to the long-term development of the company.
The shift in public digitalization is expected to further enhance the company’s ability to grow. Some of the company’s business has fallen over the same period, but core saas operations have remained high, as a result of the pace, length, healthy growth of the subscriptions, etc.
4. One-quarter reporting point growth in 2021, with subscription models extended to institutional clients and successful, and the long-term outlook for office software was still open.
Gold Mountain Office (688111): The cloud transformation has been very fruitful, with long-term 40x and 30x, maintaining a “recommended” rating; culture such as habits, payment habits, etc. may be influenced by competitors.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.