Incident: On 29 April 2022, the company released its performance report for the first quarter of 2022.
The size of the company's revenues has continued to grow at a positive rate of $868 million, compared to the same rate. As the experience of government users in the field of “Clouds and Collaboration” has continued to rise, the process of cloudization and penetration of clients has improved effectively, and domestic institutional subscriptions and services revenue has been realized.
One hundred and forty-five million yuan, an increase of 78.72 per cent over the same period; while individual office service subscription partners in the company ' s home country, as the number of users continues to grow, income from personal office service subscriptions in the country has reached 426 million yuan, an increase of 36.72 per cent over the same period.
In the long run, the IT industry has entered a period of dynamism, with a marked expansion of market space under policy support, a marked increase in the demand for government and business users, and a strong order for corporate current office software products, which has accelerated the penetration of corporate innovation products, prompting domestic agencies to continue the surge in authorized operations.
Long. As the demand for enterprise-level user data management and the need for industry to be digitized gradually emerges, the company is expected to move forward in the future along with the strategy of `multiscreen, cloud, content, ai, collaboration'.
Step-by-step opening up growth space and sustaining high performance growth.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
As of 31 March 2022, the number of monthly active equipment for the company ' s main product was 572 million, an increase of 14.86 per cent over the same period in the previous year. The monthly active equipment for the company ' s wpsofficepc version was 232 million, an increase over the same period in the previous year.
It is 17.17% long; the mobile version of the monthly active equipment is 336 million, an increase of 14.29% over the same period the previous year; and the company’s other products, such as the Golden Mountain Phrase, are close to 5 million monthly active equipment. The company’s user base continues to expand, with user willingness to pay rising, helping the company to build a wider moat and increase its profitability.
The alternative logic of national production creates an enabling development window for companies, and government procurement accelerates the wps penetration process.
On the other hand, government procurement has accelerated the penetration of wps in the domestic market, and the rapid increase in market ownership has helped firms accelerate their growth and provide strong security for their future performance. In addition, companies have taken the lead in the deployment of mobile end-of-end products, which are mobile end-of-way, and move end-of-way and end-of-life Wps.
The co-ordinated growth of Wps desktop product users; and the active promotion of the cloudization strategy based on the Tothkin Mountain Cloud, which is more secure with data than overseas enterprises, is expected to open the company’s second growth curve.
In the context of national production substitution, domestic production software has reached a window of development, accompanied by a rise in national copyright awareness and payment capacity, which has led to a further increase in the profitability of domestic software firms. Companies actively promote technological and product innovation, as well as the risk of downstream industry volatility, the underdevelopment of companies and the spread of the new crown epidemic.
In 2020, he joined the Sino-Chinese Securities Research and Development Centre in January 2021, with deep cloud coverage, Ishiyoje, Master of Financial Sciences, Beijing University of Foreign Languages, 8th degree in English. He worked at the Shanghai Steel Federation Mri Research Centre, which was responsible for motor block research. He joined the Susa Securities Research and Development Centre in December 2020, where he worked on communications and Internet research, covering, inter alia, vehicle networking and goods.
In July 2021, he joined the Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre, which conducts research in the communications & Internet industry, covering such areas as industrial Internet/industrial software, smart network cars, cloud computing and the Internet.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.