Quarterly 2022: High number of institutional subscriptions, high priority for the future development of Yunwen, mid-stage research assistant, Zhou Gao Dynasty
▪ The number of personal subscriptions is growing rapidly and membership is being optimized: 2022.1 per cent of public service subscriptions in the country have generated $426 million, an increase of 36.72 per cent over the same period.q The number of live devices increased in January and the number of active members grew healthyly. 2022q1 company ' s main product has a monthly activity rate of 5.72 per cent.
billion, an increase of 14.86% over the same period of the previous year. Of these, the monthly active equipment of the wpsofficepc version was 23.2 million, an increase of 17.17% over the same period of the previous year; the monthly active equipment of the mobile version was 336 million, an increase of 14.29% over the same period of the previous year; and the monthly active equipment of other products of the company, such as the Golden Mountain Worm.
Nearly 5 million. The company’s main objective is to increase the rate of payment and facilitate the transition of short-term users to long-term users, with an expanding base of individual users, a declining proportion of one-time purchases and low-priced members, and we expect a steady growth in individual subscriptions to companies in the future.
The company’s subscription revenue is mainly from the contributions of its corporate head, and the central cloud file in Jinsan has significantly boosted the efficiency and security of the company’s offices, so that the large company and financial institution projects are well located.
Services, components and capabilities to help businesses build their own digitized office platforms. As corporate clouds and collaborative products and solutions improve, office digital platforms continue to capture new business users' experience in the field of "cloud and collaboration" and client cloudization processes and penetration rates
We're looking forward to further growth, and we're looking forward to the development of the company's future cloud file center in the market for its corporate clients  Agency-authorized business income short-term pressure, but long-term good: 2022q1 domestic agency-authorized business in Kimshan Office (688111): 2021
The achievement of income of $232 million, a 10.84 per cent decrease over the same period of the previous year, was due mainly to: (i) the achievement of performance during the same period of the previous year; (ii) performance against expectations; (iii) higher base income; and (ii) income, which was largely affected by client-initiative planning, party-initiative.
The market is expected to expand significantly in the future, depending on the policy, the city and town are determined to be strong, there is still a gap in demand among the users of the government, and the penetration rate of the party’s creative product is expected to be in policy.
We're still a long-term corporate mandate.
Multiple factors, such as public acceleration and cloud collaboration, drive high performance growth and maintain a “buy-in” rating. Quarterly reports: performance exceeds market expectations and subscriptions and authorizations are expected to accelerate
Three financial forecasts for the office in Kim Shan have been approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board and have been prepared by the Secretary of State for Securities Investments.