The Industrial Wealth Federation (601138.sh)
With the changing product mix, the company’s 3019th crop fell by 10%, except for the industrial Internet, where the efficiency of the company’s operations had improved, the Maori rate had increased significantly in the first quarter, while cost-side controls were excellent, leading to a more robust growth in net single-season gains. At the same time, the company’s industrial Internet capability continued, with 3019 seasons now exceeding 1H19.
Overall, showing a strong growth momentum, it is expected that the value of corporate industrial networking operations will be further highlighted in the future as the 5g industrialization continues. Beneath efficiency gains increased by 3019 net profits: $279.9 billion, yoy, in real terms, in the first three quarters of 2019.
Millions of dollars, with a 9.2 per cent increase in yoy, the company's collection pattern is slightly lower than expected, but the rate of clean growth is consistent with that expected.
Foreign industrial networks have been upgraded to become more efficient, and sales and management fees have been reduced to a much lower level of cloud services, contributing to the growth of clean profits.
The industrial Internet has great potential: the corporate industry Internet is continuing, with 3019 seasons of change, the ratio of investors in institutions to the share in circulation is now greater than 1h19, and with the continuous industrialization of 5g, the corporate industry Internet is growing.
The potential for future growth is enormous, with firms providing technology, data, experience, and even talent to the outside world through industrial clouds. Profit predictions and investment proposals: considering the 2h18 season, companies spend human costs.
The report is written by the Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investment of the Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by the Group Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. are not... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in all or part of the report for any purpose. The Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the data used to compile the report is reliable, but this report has not been independently validated.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy and integrity of the report, or any written assurance, or any responsibility or obligation to do so. The Group Credit (Hong Kong) Ltd., and its subsidiaries and associated companies may take any action on the basis of information or research prior to receiving the report. The Group Credit (Hong Kong) Ltd. and any of its directors or their representatives or employees will not be responsible for any damage caused by the use of the report. The information and comments on the report may or will be changed without prior notice. The Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. and any of its directors or their representatives or employees may or will not be responsible for any damage caused by the use of the report.
A certificate described in the report; @special opinion or standing, or buying, selling or offering a certificate described in the report.