Stock orders speed up delivery, firm corporate performance improves steadily, and corporate income rises significantly, excluding net profit from non-repatriation. In the first three quarters of 2022, companies achieved $40.5 billion, or +21 per cent; net profit from repatriation + 250.0 billion, or + 34 per cent; net profit from non-repatriation
Two hundred and thirty-three million yuan, or 38 per cent of the profit. The equivalent of 12.6 billion yuan, or 18 per cent, in the q3 quarter, and 53,82 billion yuan, or 15 per cent, in the company ' s new entry order, including 6.99 billion yuan, or 5 per cent, in clean and efficient energy loading and trade, and 7.05 billion yuan, or 20 per cent, in modern manufacturing services.
Energy security, coupled with increased demand for support, is expected to grow at a high rate. According to the General Institute of Electricity, new reliable energy security capacity is insufficient and national power supply is tight, and support performance, such as fire power, is expected to grow at a high rate.
The new source plan needs to be put in place to speed up the construction of the identified coal power supply, and in due course, to establish a new power reserve to secure the supply base. The company is one of the main manufacturers of coal-fired machines in the country, accounting for about 40% of the city. The company has a complete energy equipment development system and a fire power supply.
The company is expected to benefit from the high demand for new electric power equipment during the “10-40” period, opening up opportunities for profitable growth. The pumping capacity accelerates construction, and delivery is expected to advance.
The company is one of the country's collectors and equipment manufacturers, with an overall advanced level of development, with 38% of the country's municipalities, the country's first power-generating facility with the capacity to develop and debugger.
The rapid growth in the installation of the industry and the build-up of construction projects, the stock orders of the company's reservoirs, the Eastern Electric-Intense Report - based on the technological advantages of large equipment, the opening of sea winds and the opening of revenues are expected to be recognized in advance, leading to greater elasticity in performance.
Eastern Electric – 600875-2012 Annual Report Review: New Orders down, slightly underperformed. Eastern Electric – 600875-2012 Quarterly Review: Still low performance - Risks that downstream energy-building policy support is not as strong as expected.
Eastern Electric-600875-2012 semi-annual review: low performance due to industry recession Investment proposal: companies, as major suppliers of power, pumps, will benefit from higher demand than industry +38%. The corresponding q3 quarter yields $12.6 billion, +18%, ring ratio - 8%; net return profit of 730 million.
Figure 2: Corporate operating income and growth (in billions of dollars, per cent) during the single season was generally reduced and net operating cash flows were reversed. In the first three quarters of 2022, the company ' s Māori ratio was, according to incomplete statistics, 4.77gw in the open tender for windmills in the first three quarters of 2022, compared to 4.77gw in the previous year.
The overall demand has been positive, and the company’s output has increased steadily. In the first three quarters of 2022, the company produced 25.6gw of power generation equipment, comprising 2.7gw for water turbine generators, 19.83gw for turbine generators, 3.1gw for wind generators, 19.32gw for power station turbines and 17gw for power station boilers.
Figure 11: The company signed a new bill (millions of yuan) to support the growth of energy supply and the build-up of electricity and electricity. According to the General Board of Electricity, new energy sources are not reliable enough to cover the country’s electricity supply, and plans for new energy sources, such as fire power, are in short supply.
In fact, there is a need to speed up the development of the identified coal power supply and, in due course, to plan for a new power supply project to strengthen the supply base of the coal pits. Oriental Electric is one of the country's major equipment manufacturers for coal-fired units, with a complete energy equipment development system, fire.
The electricity product, 1000mw class units, large-scale cycling bed boilers, etc. are among the leading players in the industry. Root, according to the total production of power generation equipment disclosed by the Centre for Mechanical-Industrial Power Generation Equipment, in 2021, the sales of corporate turbines, power station turbines, and power station boilers were 25.0/23.9/22.0gw, respectively, with a market share of 25.0/23.9/22.0gw in 2021.
43/47/40 per cent. During the “14th Five-Year” period, there was an increase in the demand for new power and electrical equipment expected to benefit, opening up profitable growth opportunities. Figure 12: Corporate turbine generators, power station turbines, power station boiler sales (gw) Water-pumping project accelerated construction and equipment delivery was expected to be advanced.
In April 2022, the National Development Reform Commission and the National Energy Agency issued a joint circular to accelerate the development of pumping energy during the "145" period.
Expediting the approval of the 2022 pumping energy project on the basis of the principle of full and open energy. 31.3gw was added to the approved pumping energy project in January-October 2022, of which 14.6gw was approved in September-October, with a total installed capacity of around 45gw at the end of the year, and the capacity of the project could be approved and met during the “145” period
Eastern Electric is one of the major equipment manufacturers in the country's pumping fleet, with an overall advanced level of development in the industry, with some of the key technologies leading the way internationally, capable of manufacturing a crew product covering 50 to 850 metres of water with a capacity ranging from 10mw to 450mw, with a cumulative supply contract for nearly 70 units, with a 38 per cent share in the domestic market.
It is the country’s first power-generating facility that also has the capacity to develop and debureaurate the equipment. With the rapid growth of the industry and the build-up of the construction projects under way, the company’s stock orders are expected to be paid ahead of schedule, and the author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author