Signing a supply contract with Demler to achieve an event review from 0 to 1 across the billion latitudes of lithium energy (300014)
On the evening of 2 August, the company issued an announcement that the supply contract between Lithium Million Latitude and Daimlerag (Demler) had been signed and that spare parts had been supplied to Daimler between the date of entry into force of the contract and 31 December 2027.
The company's main clients were passenger cars and specialized Le Giangtao vehicles, including Woo-tung, Kim Long, Jili, etc. This supply contract with Daimler marks the company.
S03401110042 has made a major breakthrough in high-end Soft Packing Battery. Soft Packing Battery currently produces 1.5 gwh, with energy density leading the industry at 240wh/kg. Under Daimler Electrodynamic Program, by 2022, Messai.
Des-Benz will power the entire product array, which covers more than 50 electric cars. This billion-latitude lithium contract with Daimler is of great strategic importance, with a zero-to-one breakthrough in high-end packages. Under Daimler's endorsement, the company is expected to move fast.
In the first half of the year, the company's lithium ion battery industry maintained faster growth in its consumption, and the power category was the largest increase in its current volume, leading to the company's lithium ion battery.
Roe(ttm) has grown rapidly. According to the gross lithium study, the company ' s power cell loads were ranked in the country in the first half of the year at the highest price in December (in dollars)
Lithium primary battery operations maintain a high rate of growth. The company's lithium primary battery operations generated $614 million in the first half of the year, with an emergency rescue system for vehicle allocation, and other emerging areas of networking (intelligent parking, tracking)
Profit predictions and investment proposals: maintain a “recommended” rating. The company is technologically strong, has a full technology path, and looks forward to the company's continued exploitation of high-end domestic and international passenger vehicle markets. We believe that the company is expected to enjoy its full potential.
Half-yearly report on Lithium 300014.
This rating system's “market index” refers to 300 indexes of depth. I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant, granted by the Chinese Securities Association, to produce this report with diligence and professionalism, independently and objectively and within the limits of my knowledge.
I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have no use for them.