On August 2, 2018, the company issued an announcement that it signed with Daimlerag.
The Supply Contract, which provides for the supply of spare parts to Daimler between the date of the signing of the contract and 31 December 2027.
New energy cars are the main future directions of the Daimler Group, which plans to invest €10 billion in new energy projects, and to launch more than 50 new power cars by 2022, including more than 10 electric vehicles. International Luxury brands such as Daimler.
There are strict requirements for the development, sophistication and stability of suppliers’ products. The early Ninder era, through its BMW power cell supplier system, gained the opportunity to compete with the Samsung equivalents, thereby rapidly upgrading their product R&D and manufacturing capabilities and leapfroging into international motion.
Power cell giants. The company’s selection of Daimler’s supplier system is significant and promises to replicate the development course of the Ninder era and further open the domestic market by upgrading its own R&D, manufacturing capabilities and industry’s visibility through the supply of Daimler.
2. The company Lithium ion Batteries was established in 2001 as the first listed company in the country to operate as a lithium cell, with a combined rate of 187 per cent, 67 per cent and 220 per cent respectively.
In the first half of 2018, R&D invested 260 million yuan, an increase of 258 per cent, representing 13.8 per cent of operating income. High R&D inputs can effectively reduce production costs while upgrading technology, thereby enhancing the competitiveness and profitability of firms.
3- Benefiting from high downstream growth, the lithium primary battery business was upgraded. Lithium primary battery was the company ' s leading business with the highest share of early harvests, with lithium sub-cells among the world ' s leading. From 2012 to 2016, the lithium primary battery business received an average of the same amount.
The rate of increase is 13%. In 2017, 2018h, benefiting from the growth of downstream metering markets, auto electronics and other emerging goods, the company’s lithium primary battery operations increased significantly, to 41% and 37%, respectively, and the high growth is expected to continue.
The source of financial and intellectual growth in the East: Lithium 300014: The fast-growing path to the Dymler supplier system, the company’s supply of Daimler Group, will lead to a significant increase in R & D, manufacturing capacity and industry visibility, and the battery business is expected to continue to grow at a high rate.
100 million yuan, 663 million yuan and 894 million yuan, ps 0.54, 0.77 and 104, respectively.
Lithium 300014: Entering the Daimler supplier system to open up a fast-growing path.
The research assistant gives a brief overview of Liu's research views.
Our company has no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information, nor of the information and construction it contains.
There will be no change. We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the points, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by the investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies, etc.