Power cell release, soft package batteries can be expected to benefit from power cell release at the Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre, with lithium ion cell blocks increasing by 219.6 per cent on a year-on-year basis with 9gw output.
The company’s powered lithium ion business grew rapidly. The concentration of the powered lithium batteries continued to rise throughout the year 2018, and the company’s market share rose to 1.5%. The company focused on battery quality, and the tri-dollar and phosphate lithium production lines used state-of-the-art equipment manufacturers to locate the high end.
Lithium cell output is more than 0.5g, ranked fifth. The company's ranking is rising, and it's the only company with a volume of cylinders, squares, and soft bags. Lithium primary battery operations are growing steadily, and they are the cornerstone of performance.
With regard to automobiles, EU legislation requires all sales vehicles to be equipped with emergency rescue services, rapid growth in the demand for vehicle-borne power sources, and recognition of companies’ innovative products to improve their sales performance.
Soft-packed batteries and sk work in depth. Companies have been producing soft-pack cells in the consumer battery sector. 1.5gw soft-pack batteries are all automated and manufactured using sk standards.sk, because of capacity constraints, expands the global market by working with hundreds of millions of latitudes to create win-win cooperation.
Soft-bag batteries have increased their penetration in the power sector, accounting for 12% in the first half of 2018, and are expected to continue with strong competition in the industry and a decrease in the Māori rate. Competition across the power-cell industry has been intense, and sales prices for the Lithium ion battery have fallen by 20% since the beginning of the year due to subsidy slopes.
The net return profit for the next three years will remain at a compound rate of 13.3%. Given the high rate of growth in the downstream new energy automobile industry and the company’s top five leading firms, an estimated premium is given.
The rapid expansion of capacity has been gradually released, with revenues increasing twice as fast as in the same period last year. The company has completed its first phase of capacity-building, with a total of 9gw and 1.5gw of soft-packed batteries.
It is widely recognized that its lithium electricity products have a rapid rise in market positions in the segmented areas, where power cell loads have driven the growth of corporate business as a whole. Soft packages will have significant advantages in the future, positioning high-end electric vehicles.
Full capacity is high with no explosive risk, long cycle life, and the city’s share is rising. There are few battery manufacturers with current capacity, and companies produce high-efficiency soft-pack cells with energy density above 240wh/kg, and sk’s depth of collaboration can further enhance the capacity of its soft-packs.
Scenario 1: based on the New Energy Automobile Industry Plan, the sale of new energy vehicles is assumed to be 1.1 million vehicles, 1.4 million vehicles and 2 million vehicles, respectively, for the period 2018-2020; Scenario 2: as a result of declining sales of power lithium ion batteries, the combined gross Māori ratio of lithium ion batteries is assumed for the next three years
(a) 18.6 per cent, 19 per cent and 19 per cent;
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.