In the first half of 2018, the company achieved gross operating income of $188,362.88 million, less disposal gains of $12,24.43 million from the transfer of McVell ' s holdings during the same period of the previous year.
Lithium primary battery generated operating income of $61,445,800, an increase of 37.28 per cent over the same period in the previous year, and performance growth was mainly due to the networking of the metering market, car electronics and other emerging goods; and the high rate of growth in the new energy vehicle and storage energy markets, which resulted in the collection of lithium ion operations
126,91614,000 yuan, an increase of 219.60 per cent over the same year, but the Māori rate fell by four pcts to 18.78 per cent. The twofold increase in net profits of McVell, a participant, contributed 76 million yuan in investment returns, or 46.57 per cent of net profits.
The company currently produces 9gwh, a 1.5-fold increase over the 3.5gwh in the same period last year, of which 1.5gwh's Triple Package battery was put into production in the first half of this year, allowing the company's product to cover two battery technologies: Trinity, lithium phosphate, and three battery forms: squares, cylinders, and soft bags.
In the case of triple-pack batteries, the company has technical cooperation with a well-known Korean battery company, while the subsidiaries of the billion-latitude collection are expected to obtain low-interest cash loans from bde, thereby further enhancing the technology and capacity of triple-packs, thereby realizing their contribution to profits.
With the release of productive capacity, the company's capacity reached 547wmh in the first half of the year, with 3.52% of the city, and the fifth largest in the market, with a marked increase over the previous year, with a significant increase in passenger vehicle loads in April and May. The company has become a strategic vehicle formation strategy for Nanking Kinglong, Zhengzhou Woo-tung, Jili.
Ha-ha-ha, so we're benefiting from the boom. We expect the market to grow at around 30 percent a year, and the power cell business will grow even more with the energy released.
The build-up energy market, the property network market and the electronic aerosol market are still expected to continue to grow rapidly, and the performance of the Division is likely to grow throughout the year.
No rating - due to the lack of access to the necessary information, or the fact that the company faces significant uncertainties about the foreseeable results, or for other reasons, it is not possible to give a clear investment rating. The market benchmark index is 300 indexes.
The information and comments contained in the report are for information purposes only. This report has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly compensated for the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.