Into Dymler's supply chain, the rise of Chinese lithium electricity  the company's announcement dated 05 08/18 signed a supply contract with Dymler for the period between the date of entry into force of the contract and the end of 2027.
Daimler will supply Dimler with a three-dollar power battery, with a high nickel bag as a sword, and strengthen cooperation with sk in order to get into the international top-of-the-art vehicle supply chain, for the second in the country. The company will clearly expand the high-end car company with a high-nick soft package product in the morning, introducing a team of sk.
In the second half of last year, the soft-packing line was put into operation and currently has a capacity of more than 1 gwh. In May, a billion-latitude energy collection was established, a Korea management team was introduced, and in July a loan of up to $500 million was proposed to be applied to bde (sk subsidiary) for capacity-building.
It has diaphragms, positive poles, etc., and has a deep understanding of electrochemistry; and sk has been equipped with vehicles such as Soul, with a client accumulation. In addition, the leaders of the billion latitudes have a professional background in electrochemistry, with great emphasis on research and development inputs and equipment, at a cost of $150 million in the first half of the 18th year.
In a year of expansion, companies have successfully moved into the Mercedes supply chain, and it is hoped to work with other overseas car companies. Demler's full-scale electrodynamic layout, followed by high speed and long-term. According to Marklines, Daimler sells 13 more electric cars, and in 2017 it sells 36,000 vehicles in c-class.
Benz has promised to move the entire product array to 2022, covering more than 50 electric cars. The current Daimler battery supplier includes global leading batteries such as pine and ig.
China’s lithium electricity rises, global purchasing starts. After Catl hit the overseas car company supply chain, hundreds of millions of latitudes were cut into the Daimler supply chain, and China’s powered lithium electricity was cultivated for almost 10 years, which was different from Japan and Korea.
Gradual reduction, with greater advantages in scale and cost. In addition, the internationalization of lithium electric materials, 1 billion latitude lithium energy: performance meets expectations, and lithium battery operations take on scale.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board