The company released its mid-2018 report, making a profit of $159 million in the first half of the year, minus $122 million in proceeds from the disposal of the transfer of Macwell's shares over the same period the previous year, an increase of 44.23 per cent.
In the first half of 2018, companies achieved operating income of $1,884 million, an increase of 40.15 per cent, and net profits of 159 million attributable to shareholders in listed companies.
Lithium ion batteries have become the largest operating plate. The company ' s lithium ion cell operations have generated $169 million in the first half of the year, an increase of 219.6 per cent over the same year, with a Māori rate of 18.78 per cent. 1) Lithium-type batteries are consumed, companies are buying gold, and the market in the fields of electromagnetizers and corrosives has risen rapidly. 2) Lithium power is used as a catalyst.
Batteries, companies that have deployed rectangular lithium phosphate, trimonium cylinders, triple soft packages, three-dimensional products, which gradually release the capacity to provide the company with a performance increment. 3) Storage of energy batteries, the company ' s partnerships with large domestic and foreign communications clients and the company ' s fastest growing business.
Lithium primary batteries are growing at a high rate. In the first half of the year, the company ' s lithium primary battery business generated operating income of $614 million, an increase of 37.28 per cent in the same year, and a Māori rate of 39.73 per cent, an increase of 0.55 percentage points in the same year.) Impartiality accounts for the market, the recognition of large foreign customers increases demand and the relative stability of the domestic market.
The e-market, with new international large customer orders, provides an increase in performance. 3) Emerging goods network markets, with a growing economy, smart parking, etc. McVell contributes $76 million in investment earnings.
The demand for new energy vehicles has fallen short of expectations, and the company’s strategic customer imports have fallen short of expectations.
Qualifying for portfolio investment consulting operations