High performance continues to grow, soft-packed batteries break-out is strongly recommended (maintenance) Xu Hao (research assistant)
Lithium battery revenue increased by 122.99 per cent; net profit from the mother was $159 million, slightly exceeding company performance
In the first six months of the company ' s lithium ion battery business, operating revenue of $1,269 million was realized, an increase of 219.6 per cent over the same period. The annual capacity of the company ' s lithium power cell was 9gw, of which the square phosphate lithium 2.5gw, the Trinity cylinder 3.5gw, the Trinity Soft Package 1.5gw and the Trinity Square 1.5gw, which can be used for new energy vehicles, electric power work.
In the first half of the year, based on energy-saving grids, the company installed more than 545 mw of power cells in vehicles in the first half of the year, with nearly 4% power.
Battery rankings have also been raised, ranking 8th in 2017, and are now in fifth. Storage capacity has grown rapidly with consumer batteries, there is a high demand for lithium lower-cell downstreams, and storage energy operations have been successfully configured and established with major customers in communications such as the Chinese Towers and Huaiang.
Long-term partnerships have resulted in 15 megawatts of system delivery in distributed storage energy; consumer-type batteries have experienced a rapid increase in market access in electronic aerosols and wearable sub-applications, and have established deep-seated partnerships with the global tobacco giants, Japanese and imperial tobacco, and in the 3c area of Haman sound, millet, etc.
Lithium primary battery operations in the first half of the year generated operating income of $614 million, an increase of 37.28 per cent over the same period, the advent of a wave of networked matter, downstream smart meters (including electricity, water, gas and heat scales, etc.), smart traffic, smart security, medical devices, e-call, oil drilling, positioning tracking, tire pressure monitoring system (tpms),
The demand for radio frequency recognition (RFID) is high, with a sustained increase in R & D inputs, R & D costs of $150 million in the first half of the year, representing 7.94 per cent of operating income.
8.16%, and higher than the industry average of 3pc. In a highly competitive environment for power batteries, it is a large proportion of public research and development investment that ensures that the product performance continues to improve, and that the competitiveness of companies continues to improve.
Soft power batteries, which currently account for only 11% of the city, will be one of the main current battery technology routes, with safety and high energy density, and will be the fastest growing segment of batteries in the next three years.
Soft-pack battery production line is in production, full equipment is imported using KORKS technology, and construction is strictly in line with the Korean, high nickel pioneers, 20180724 standard: on 5 July, the company signed a loan of nearly $500 million at a low interest rate with KORKKS.
The agreement will meet the financial requirements for the construction of a new soft-package line of approximately 1.5 gw, which will be further deepened in cooperation. The company’s soft-package line is expected to gain international approval through sk, which will be endorsed by the big customer, and the company can further expand its share of the power cell market.
Appendix: The financial statements predict that the financial statements of the billions of latitude lithium energy (3000014) will be evaluated at the end of the year.
Address: Guangzhou International Finance Centre, 4th Floor, 5 Juju River Road, Guangzhou City