Researchchand developmentcenter interprets the long-term certainty value of the new capital pole from three major expectations.
– Bosin Software (600845) in-depth report, 01/0202, 2021, reading the long-term certainty value of the new capital dragon from three major expectations.
The company is a new capital leader with high growth and certainty in the three growth paths of "idc+Industrial Internet + Wisdom Manufacturing" and is scarce.
At the forefront of the idc, the company has a significant competitive advantage in terms of resource endowments, design-building operational capabilities, cost-control capabilities, financial capacity, long-term growth space and certainty; the traditional business core benefits from the restructuring of the BMW, with the intellectual transformation of the billions of tons of BMW, and the traditional business will enter the process.
Rapid growth of a new cycle and the transformation and upgrading of enabling companies into industrial Internet and intelligent manufacturing leading firms are expected to open up a new space for long-term development. The expected combination of “resource endowments plus industrial software” gives companies the ability to compete for unrepelicable idcs.
The market usually accounts for the company's success in idc as a single resource endowment, and we believe that the market does not fully recognize the ability of the company to replicate it, mainly through a combination of “resource endowments plus industrial software capabilities”, and that the company is the only one in the current market to design, build, operate, etc.
A fully autonomous enterprise with excellent cost-control capabilities. Corporate strategic development is clear, consistent with self-constructing models that sustain diversified, high-quality clients on the front line, while at the same time opening up large client base operations with unlimited expansion potential and strong profitability.
The market usually treats the company’s traditional business as a cyclical business, but only undervalues it, and we believe that the market underestimated the strength and progress of the BMW Group merger and acquisition restructuring, as well as the multi-industry industry.
The ability to expand, while ignoring the long-term space that the upgrading of intelligent manufacturing provides for traditional business. Companies rely on the largest steel conglomerates in the country, leading the country’s steel industry software, and the profitability of the steel industry has improved continuously since 2016, with the pace of merger and acquisition restructuring accelerating.
With the intellectual transformation of the billions of tons of BW, information needs are expected to continue to be released, opening up a long-term growth space for companies’ traditional software operations. The expectation is that the industrial Internet, which cannot be ignored, has a strong capacity for autonomous research and development.
idc and industrial software are valued for the company, and we believe that the market is not yet fully aware of the commitment and ability of the Department to deploy in the field of the industrial Internet, which is the share of the circulation of the company ' s future significant expansion (%)
Industrial Internet is the cornerstone of the fourth industrial revolution, the key to the transition from “Chinese manufacturing” to “Chinese ingenuity” and its integration into the new infrastructure system is an important strategic direction for the country’s new infrastructure. Companies rely on the strong research and development capabilities and steel accumulated over the years in the field of industrial software.
Professional experience in the industry, the autonomous research and development of an Internet platform with an Internet Cube, with an iplat and eplat as two wings, has been active in building an Internet biosphere for the iron and steel industry, opening up new avenues for future development and opening up a wider development space.
Profit forecasting and investment rating: new capital 5g as the country's scarce deep layout “idc+Industrial Internet + Smart Manufacturing”, with long-term growth with strong certainty and a firm vision of long-term corporate risk factors: idc construction versus upswing, re-purchase of weapons less than expected, 5g development
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
1. The market should value the company’s unique, replicable and unique endowment of its capabilities in idc. Markets usually attribute the reasons for the company’s success in idc to a single resource endowment, which, in our view, does not fully recognize the ability of the company’s unreplicating idc capabilities, mainly in the context of a combination of “resource endowments plus industrial software capabilities.”
The company has a unique resource advantage in terms of access to land, water, electricity and energy. In terms of industrial softness, the company is currently the only fully autonomous enterprise in the market to carry out all of its responsibilities in terms of design (in possession of the independent Maysan Design Institute), construction, operation (the only enterprise in the city that has an information base in the idc field, automated and fully autonomous research and development).
A successful enterprise gives companies excellent cost-control capabilities. Corporate strategic development has a clear vision, a self-building model, a sustained expansion of diversified, high-quality clients on the front line, with an appropriate outreach to large client base operations with unlimited expansion potential and strong profitability.
2. The market should focus on the long-term growth certainty that the restructuring of BM & A and the intellectual transformation of conventional software operations have brought about. Markets tend to view the company’s traditional business as a cyclical one that can only be valued at a lower level, and we believe that the market underestimates the strength and pace of BM & A restructuring and the expansion of the company to a number of sectors such as transport, medicine, colour, chemicals, etc.
Capabilities, while ignoring the long-term space that intellectual manufacturing upgrades provide for traditional business. Companies rely on the largest iron and steel cluster in the country to lead the domestic steel industry software. Since 2016, the steel industry has gradually recovered and overall profitability has been continuously improved, enabling steel companies to adapt their original information and automated systems, while buying and reorganizing.
Logging is also accelerating, along with the intellectual transformation of the billions of tons of precious weapons, and information needs are expected to continue to be released, opening up long-term growth space for the company’s traditional software business.3 Markets should focus on the company’s ability and commitment to the deployment of industrial Internet platforms, which open up to the company’s development.
The market usually values the company with both idc and industrial software, and we believe that the market is not yet fully aware of the firm's determination and ability to deploy in the area of the industrial Internet, which is the direction of the company's future outreach and focus. The industrial Internet is the cornerstone of the fourth industrial revolution, and it is “manufactured” from China to “medium.”
The key to the transformation of national intelligence, which is integrated into the country's new infrastructure system, is an important strategic direction for the country's new infrastructure. With the strong research and development power accumulated over the years in industrial software, and with the professional experience of the steel industry, the company has developed autonomously the industrial Internet level.
It opens up a new growth track and opens up a wider development space.4 Markets should focus on good corporate management, market-based incentives that give companies sufficient dynamism and dynamism.
The market-based nuclear system, coupled with a number of market-based incentive programmes, led to the implementation of two equity incentives in 2017 and 2020, with wide coverage of company management, technical cadres, business cadres, etc., which, on the one hand, underscore the firm confidence of company management in the long-term development of the future, while also promising to motivate staff to fully release the public.
- 1 - Less expected: “Resource endowment + industrial software” combined, giving an unreusable idc market where the reasons for the success of the idc are usually singled out as resource endowments, and we believe that the market is not fully aware of the unrepeatable idc capabilities of the idc software, mainly as reflected in the “resource endowments”
+Industrial software capabilities combine to give companies a prominent advantage in terms of resource endowments, design-building operations, cost-control capabilities, financial power, etc. The company has a unique resource advantage in terms of land, water, electricity, energy access, etc., while benefiting from the accumulated experience of industrial software.
The company’s strategic development approach is clear, consistent with self-modelling, sustained growth of diversified and high-quality clients on the front line, with appropriate outreach to large client base-based businesses, while the company’s business model is based on wholesale idc, but Māori and profitability are both industry leaders and players.
Similar to the trend of overseas cloud giant idc self-building, beginning this year, the proportion of home-grown cloud giants, represented by Ali and Teng, is expected to rise gradually, and markets are concerned about the impact of the demand for third-party idc firms in the short term.
Market concerns are justified, but we believe that the impact on Treasure Letter software is minimal, that the reliance of large Internet enterprises on Treasure Software and customer stickyness are very high and that, as the Internet giants continue to grow, it is expected to further increase the demand for the Treasure Letter Soft idc, mainly because of:
1) Cloud giants rely on first-line city idc resources for their core operations, such as payment treasures, micro-mail payments, while cloud giants have limited capacity to expand on first-line resources and still need to rent a third-party idc machine cabinet. Treasure software is backed by a huge stockpile of resources in the core parts of the country, with rapid construction and delivery to provide a business development facility for cloud giants.
idc resources required; 2) Cloud computing market prices are highly competitive, with cloud giants ' core demand for high-quality, high-level and reliable operating conditions to minimize costs, and bottling software with a professional design, construction, maintenance team that creates strong cost controls.
Capability to meet cloud giants’ claims to cost control, to maintain a high Māori rate and profitability on a low price basis, and to provide efficient transportation services with strong market competition.
The company eventually controls the State Finance Committee of the State Council. For example, the company owns large reserves of land, water, electricity, energy and other resources in core cities like Shanghai, and also in the steel industry.
With a wealth of professional experience in software, it provides a good basis for companies to design, build, operate, and so on. The company’s idc business is accelerating, with Shanghai at its core, and the country’s core cities are gaining ground.
The long-term development space of the cloud computing era. Figure 2 Corporate stock structure map (q3 up to 2020) The corporate idc layout started in 2013 with a business model dominated by wholesale business, based on the above-mentioned seaweed strategic points.
The company’s wholesale idc operation uses a business model of “orders first, build later” with a diverse and high-quality household structure, including operators, financial firms, large Internet companies, and so on, directly from phase I to phase III.
The client is the operator, and the company rents the hangar to the operator, who provides a bandwidth network and contracts with the final customer (the company directly with the financial client, including the operator and the financial customer, and the company provides wholesale services. The company will continue to expand its high-quality customers in the future, seeking to continuously enrich its client structure and improve overall profitability.
The company is very strong and well-funded, and in addition to its own capital, it is financed mainly by increasing and issuing remoldable debt. The Bulcon II phase is built by investing in its own capital, the Bulcon phase and the 3 issues are raising additional funds, the Bulcon four are raising funds mainly through its own capital plus issuing a remoldable debt, and the Bulcon Five are expected to be raised in the current period.
Gold funding, phased in depending on how it works, provides the company with a wealth of resources such as land, water, electricity, energy, etc. for its idc development, and these resources significantly reduce the time it takes to build idc, helping the company to achieve rapid delivery of the hangar while at the same time laying the foundation for its long-term development.
The BMW Group is China's largest steel company, operating in Shanghai, Wuhan's “two headquarters” and has a wealth of resources in the country's core cities. In recent years, the process of restructuring BMW mergers and acquisitions has been accelerating, relying on the BMW, and the Sea Po Mountains are at the core of the company, so that many high-quality customers, such as Internet giants and financial giants, are deeply bound to the country.
The company ' s Shanghai Treasure Cloudc project is currently located in the steel factory area, where the industrial transformation framework agreement has been signed for months, and the steel production in the steel sector has been relocated since then.
The steel shares are leased for the development of the idc software. As the former steel smelting plant, the steel and steel factory area has a large number of industrial buildings, public support houses, power supply and distribution (the 220kv two-way powered total pressure-relief station), drainage (the garden self-contained water plant) and other resources, such as land, water, electricity (the power needed by the idc plant)
Key constraints, such as the availability of power supply lines through the BS-related transformer line. Given the current state of development in the idc sector, the power supply + energy consumption target is two of the core bottlenecks limiting idc’s development, and access to electricity in the core area is even more difficult than the energy consumption target, as well as the stability of electricity.
Importantly, idc usually uses municipal power access, and in the event of power disruptions, it needs to maintain a continuous supply of electricity from the ups and diesel generators.
It is planned to introduce three circuits in the future, and the Shanghai Stock Exchange and Pudong Airport alone now have three circuits, which are expected to provide a solid basis for the subsequent expansion of the Treasure Cloud.
“Resource Barriers + Industrial Software Capability” gives excellent cost-control capabilities to create strong customer sticky companies that operate bulk and wholesale operations mainly in the first core segment of the company, with little less income from single cabinets (with the same power, location, type of client) than retail idc, but benefit from excellent cost control and operational capacity of the company, public, etc.
We compare the country's typical idc enterprise idc business idc Mäori ratio data in the first half of 2020, with a higher BMW ratio, which shows a strong surplus of BMW 1) Treasure letter software: the country's first-line wholesale idc tap, the quality of customer structure, the average price of single cabinets (power, location)
In addition to the fact that H1idc is expected to account for nearly 80 per cent of services outsourced in 2020 and that the Mäori rate for other operations is lower than the idc Mäori rate, we assume that the company ' s H1idc Mäori level in 2020 is actually above 50 per cent, except for individual cases where H1idc is expected to account for nearly 80 per cent of services outsourced.
2) Retail Idc Enterprises: The New Halo Network is a front line retail Idc leader in the country, with 53.65 per cent due to high-value clients; Yunsai is a top-line retail Idc business in the country, with a Māori rate of 30.70 per cent in 2019; century interconnection is a domestic front line retail + custom-based Idc leader, with Māori rates to some extent
The impact of faster and more depreciated airframe placement was 22.66 per cent for H1idc in 2020; the Auille count, according to the country ' s first-line retail firm, idc excellence, has to some extent reduced the rate of idc rental of machine cabinets by including bandwidth operations and ip address rental operations, and the rate of `idc ' for H1idc in 2020
3) Wholesale idc: Qin Qin Qin Qin Qin Qin Qin Qin Qin Qin Qin Qin Qin Qin is a country's super large wholesale idc good company, providing mega idc custom development and construction services for large clients such as byte beats, Microsoft. The Māori ratio is also at a higher level in wholesale custom enterprises due to its excellent design, construction, operation and cost control capabilities.
The increase in the number of containers on board has increased from 29.46 per cent in 2019 to 39.03 per cent in 2020 of h1. 4) Customized Idc Enterprises: Data Harbour is a domestic custom-made Idc-excellent enterprise, deeply tied to Ali, providing customized idc services to interconnected businesses such as Ali, with a rate of 38.26 per cent for H1idc in 2020.
5. Integrated Idc Enterprises: Universal data is a domestic integrated Idc tap, covering retail, wholesale, custom, etc., which has affected the overall Māori rate to some extent due to the speed and depreciation of its expansion. In 2020, according to the company announcement, we combed revenue, profits, net interest rates, irr (on a standing basis)
The net interest rate level for single cabinets of companies is at the industry lead level, single cabinets are profitable, and corporate profitability is further enhanced with four periods of increased power density and high-value client ratios, from over 20,000/year earnings for single cabinets to close to 35,000/year, and Irr from 18.49 per cent to 18.59 per cent,
With growing demand for high-power machines, the scarce value of core urban resources, and the rise in high-value customers, the profitability of Treasure Cloudc is expected to continue to grow. Strong corporate profitability comes mainly from two sources, one benefiting from the continued optimization of client structures and the other.
It benefits from excellent cost (capex+opex) control. From a client structure, companies have a diverse and high-quality customer structure for the global idc and wholesale idc taps, and ultimately clients include large Internet enterprises, financial institutions, etc., do not have a single customer dependency problem, while diversity is high.
The introduction of value clients has helped to raise the income level of idc, the company plans to follow up with a number of high-quality customers, and it is expected to further improve its ability to build a more diversified client structure and profitability.
Interest rates remain at industry leadership levels. 1) Capex construction costs: an independent professional design team, a strong system development capacity, is the only enterprise in the current market that undertakes full-scale autonomous IT-Automated R & D in the idc area.
Professional design and construction team - full-time company, Metsan Design Institute, idc team: Most third party in the market idc companies rely mainly on external design and construction teams to undertake idc design and construction work, while Boshin software has an independent and professional design and construction team with full-time subsidiary, Shanghai Maysan Industrial Civil Engineering Research Institute
The company is limited to a number of qualifications such as the National Metallurgical Design Class A, the Building Engineering Class B, and the Pressure Pipetion Design.
Industrial software is strong, informative, automated: companies have strong software development capabilities, and systems such as idc, which are developed independently of the company, such as mobile loop monitoring systems, dispatch systems, etc., have reduced capex costs to some extent.
2) Opex operating costs: rich land resources, low land rental costs, low electricity costs, strong automated transport of steel land, solid foundation, significant construction time savings, rapid delivery needs of customers and low rent: We have provided companies with a large amount of available land, utilities, etc., to enable rapid construction and delivery, and, in addition,
The company rents steel at a medium rate in the weekly area, but is significantly below the hot zone, leaving public rental costs in the industry at a lower level. For example, Treasure Cloud III rents the area of the plant. Bo Steel itself provides power for distribution: the electricity needed at present is mainly through Treasure Windc's shareholdings.
The power lines provided by the KITT are rich in supply and distribution, with 220kv double-circuit high voltage, the total voltage station, with the possibility of introducing three circuits in the future, and the Shanghai Stock Exchange and Pudong Airport alone currently have three circuits in Shanghai, which are expected to provide a solid basis for the subsequent expansion of Treasure Cloudidc.
Energy-efficient abatement technologies are highly powerful and effectively reduce the cost of electricity: idc saves energy mainly by the design and operation of structures, company technological power leads, industry leads in idc energy-efficient abatement technologies, technology leads effectively to lower public consumption costs and pue values, the lowest level of latitude, and according to publicly available data, the company averages pue for the idc project.
In 1.3-1.4, part of the project is between 1.2-1.3, where liquid cold technologies reach near 1.1 levels:1 leading the market in the large-scale use of high-pressure straight-flow technology, i.e., communication is converted into direct flow, direct supply of int equipment, whereas the traditional ups system is conversion into direct flow, then through direct flow flow, to set up computers.
(b) To take the lead in the large-scale application of industrial automation-controlled plc and cluster control technologies to heating systems, which operate in optimal efficiency zones;
The introduction of natural cooling techniques, direct exchange of heat with low-cost cold water outside the room when the temperature is lower than in the room, which significantly reduces the energy consumption of the refrigeration system;4 and the partial introduction of liquid cooling techniques in the latest planning projects, which result in a significant reduction in the efficiency of venting relative to traditional methods.
Low-distribution systems at the energy level of idc as a whole;
The way in which electricity costs are saved, the actual applications of water storage cooling are more difficult and risky, requires a secure automated system to operate automatically, companies develop a secure automated system of their own, and the safe and effective functioning of water storage cold systems plays a key role in saving electricity costs.
Automated transport capability, both power and heating systems, with first certification through uptimem&o (data centre operation management): the company's power and heating systems are built with a fully incompetent industrial standard set, automated movement control and wiring without staff intervention; and self-developed operational information systems are also implemented
The management platform, the only enterprise in the current market that undertakes full-scale autonomous research and development on information automation in the idc area. m&o is a data centre operating certification introduced by uptime, one of the most well-known and authoritative data globally, and only a few companies in the country have now passed the certification.
The successful adoption of the uptim&o certification has made the BoSin software the 97th largest company in the world, the first company in the country to be fully and independently implemented and once through the certification, the Bosinunidc (part) is also the largest single data centre ever approved by the utimem&o, and the Bosunic (phase 2) is now well-established.
We compare the Idc company to the Treasure software in five models typical of the market and make a profit by building a single container.
The model calculates the Māori rate for single machine cabinets, based on company announcements and industry research data, assuming that the power density of single machine cabinets is set at 4.4 kw, 10 years of depreciation for mechanical and electrical equipment, 0.65 yuan/degree for industrial electricity and 2000 yuan/year for wiring, benefiting from strong cost-control capabilities, depreciation costs, electricity costs, land build-up of the Treasure Software
This is a low level and has the advantage of not being replicable, leaving company single cabinets with a Māori ratio at 1.) Treasure letter software: rental of land wholesale model, layout of first-line core areas, single cabinets at a price slightly lower than retail idc of about $70,000 per year, but company construction and depreciation costs, pue and electricity costs, and land rents are at a lower level.
Resource advantages and resource endowments have led to higher levels of Māori in the company's single cabinets, which, on our calculations, are expected to be close to 49 per cent.) Wholesale a: Lease land wholesale model, first-line core section of the layout, with a price of about R$70,000 per year, but
The Māori rate is close to 33 per cent due to poor cost control, resulting in higher construction costs and depreciation costs, higher costs of pue and electricity use, higher land rents and lower prices and higher costs. 3) Retailed a: purchase of land for self-held retailing, first-line core segment of the layout, single-barrel container prices are higher than wholesales
The cost of construction includes the cost of purchasing land, depreciation of mechanical and electrical equipment, and amortization of land, assuming a 50-year amortization rate of around $1,000 per year for single cabinets, higher rent for pue and electricity, but higher for landless rents, and a relatively low cost for Maori, which is close to 50 per cent higher.
4) Retail b: Lease land retailing model, first-line core plot with a single container price of about $80,000/year, but with higher construction and depreciation costs, costs ofpue and electricity, and land rents, Māori rates are lower than retail self-held businesses, higher than wholesale enterprises, at about 42%.
(v) Wholesale b (rent separation): Under this model, when electricity is paid by the customer, the machine is less expensive, while the cost does not include the cost of electricity, while the remaining cost is higher, resulting in a lower overall Māori rate of about 34 per cent.
The cost of the machine cabinets is low, the cost is not included in the cost of electricity, and the rent rate is about 33% due to the remote layout of the base-based projects and the low renting rate of about 33%. From Roe and Roic in the company as a whole, Roe matches Roic and is at a higher level in the industry.
Roe is equal to net interest rates, total asset turnover and equity multipliers, and the company’s financial leverage is lower than the industry’s average, and the relatively high roe benefits from the company’s higher net interest rate and total asset turnover. Roic is equal to the pre-interest tax profit divided by capital, reflects the company’s core rate of return on capital investment, and the company’s roic is in the same industry.
At the first level, the company had a higher rate of return on its projects, thanks mainly to its resource advantages based on its reliance on the Treasures Group, while at the same time, the company operated well and the cabinets were built at a higher rate of occupancy.
3. The pace of expansion is accelerating as appropriate, with the above sea being the core of first-line radiation across the country, and the company ' s historical expansion is relatively robust, with idc now mainly located in the Shanghai layout, where we compare the revenues of the country ' s leading idc industry with its container holdings, both of which are in the forefront of the industry, according to the container holdings.
The company’s market share in Shanghai is about 15%, and its potential for future expansion is high. In the context of an era of rapid growth in policy, 5g, cloud computing, the company will be able to accelerate the pace of expansion, based on the strategy outlined above, while continuing to expand the idc map of Shanghai and the surrounding region, and accelerating its expansion to other core regions of the country.
The idc rolls a new cycle, promising a double-click on Davis for valuation and performance. Figure 9 is currently in the industry’s forefront (millions) and figure 11 is in the industry’s forefront (millions of dollars) in revenue from its software idc.
Treasure software asset-liability ratios are low in the industry, and companies operate robustly. In the 2020h1st century, connectivity, data ports, billions, no long-term borrowing, and currency funds of 3,646 million. Firm business strategies and sufficient monetary funds for the future are at lower levels in industry.
The business cash flow of the Treasure Software continues to be industry-led, operating cash flow being the largest cash accumulation in the company, and its focus is on the data centre wholesale business, focusing on the core first-line cities, building at a steady pace, with a high ticketing rate, and with a sustained and stable ability to create a business cash flow.
Figure 13 shows a good operating net cash flow (millions of dollars). Investmented cash outflows from Treasure Software are at a lower level in the industry, with more robust investments compared to other companies in the industry, and funded cash flows have shifted to negative values since 2018, mainly because companies issue equity to shareholders through their own funds.
For example, in the case of data from all countries, data from all countries, using a more aggressive expansion strategy, raise funds each year through borrowing, stock-raising, etc., to finance new data centres or mergers, 2020.
During the first three quarters of the year, the Universal Data Debt Facility reached $2.75 billion net, with equity financing reaching $5.98 billion, with a self-constructed area of 72,540 square metres and a merger of 19927 square metres. The Treasurestone software has adopted a self-constructed model and relies mainly on cash generated from business activities for new project investments, which are less dependent on financing and more robust.
Figure 14 Investmented net cash flow of Treasure Software (millions of dollars) Figure 15 Funded net cash flow of Treasure Software (billions)
In terms of the company's future idc development path, the Division is currently actively storing resources (over 10,000 single-point reserve cabinets) and moving projects forward, mainly along the front lines of the East, North and South China.
We expect that, starting in the third quarter of this year, the company's new hangars will be released gradually and will be able to move into a new cycle in the coming years.
The long-term development space of the company will be firmly in view of the golden period of development of the type idc. 1) Shanghai: the Bold Steel Headquarters in Shanghai, the Bold Steel Steel Steel Plant area (covering an area of approximately 4230 acres), the Bold Steel Steel (covering an area of approximately 71.58 acres) and the Bold Steel Without Rusty Steel (covering an area of approximately 5295 acres) all have a large amount of ready-made earth
The land, water, and electricity resources, which cover almost 10,000 acres, have the potential to expand in the future. The first to fifth editions of the Treasure Clouds are located in the steel plant area, and we expect five projects to be phased in starting in the third quarter of this year, and six projects are expected to be launched in the course of the year.
2) North and South China Cores (both projected to be more than 10,000 containers at single point): The company is actively working on the construction of the idc project in North and South China, and it is expected that the core regional cabinets in North and South China will be launched gradually towards the end of this year. 3) Nanjing: On 22 September 2020, the company issued an announcement setting up a project for the Bo Yunmei Mountain base and in the south.
The city invested $1 billion in the establishment of a fully-funded subsidiary, Nanjing Bo-shin, which is responsible for the construction and transportation of the Bo Yunmei Hill base project. The Bo Yunmei Hill base is to be located in the company plant area (the second cold-rolled reserve), and two buildings are to be built, with a total surface area of approximately 6.72 million square metres and a total of 7,000 cabinets, of which 3,500 are to be built in each data centre.
The average capacity is 6kw, with four-storey data centre rooms and ancillary facilities planned in accordance with national standard a-scale standards, with an area of approximately 35,000 square metres. According to search-for-fox news, the base of the plan for the relocation of the Pythropoon steel base was determined to be implemented by 2028, and substantial resources are expected to be released for company idc.
4) Wuhan: 20% of the company's share in a joint venture with companies such as the Wu Gang Group to set up the Great Steel Data Gardens Ltd., and the joint venture, which is planned to co-invest $10 billion in the Taikur Clean Energy Digital Industries Park project, in which the idc component of the construction operation is expected to be carried out by Bosin software.
Figure 16 Treasure software Idc planning distribution projection chart II. Less expected 2: Reorganization of Treasure M & A and speed of intellectual transformation, enabling industry software business. Markets tend to view Treasure software ' s traditional business as a cyclical business that can only be valued at a lower level. We think the market is low.
Assessments of the strength and progress of the merger-purchase restructuring of the BMW Group and the ability of companies to expand into transport, medicine, colour, chemicals, etc., while ignoring the long-term space that intellectual manufacturing upgrades offer to traditional business. As the supply side of the change moves forward and the green development concept is being implemented, the steel and other industries move towards higher-value-added products and low-pollution levels.
Risk production processes converge and industrial software plays an important role in improving production processes and management experiences. Companies rely on the largest steel complex in the country, leading the country ' s steel industry software, and the steel industry has been recovering since 2016, and overall profitability has been continuously improving, enabling steel companies to adapt their original information and automated systems.
In the future, with the restructuring of the BMW Group, the group’s information systems will have to be integrated and highly integrated, and the need for informationization is expected to continue to be released, while the penetration of corporate industrial software products in other industries will continue to increase.
The traditional business of Treasure 18 software has continued to grow since 2016.
According to the communiqué of the First Steel Company and China, the First Steel Group reported by the Association of Financial Unions, Shandong Iron and Steel
The Shanghai Treasure and Wu Gang shares have been suspended and reorganized, and the State Finance Committee of Anhui province has put the Ma Steel Group in charge of matters related to the restructuring of horse and steel.
"On the substance of the merger of the group into the group, an announcement was made that the parent company of the two listed companies had one weapon.
51% of the shares have been transferred to China without payment.
The Steel Group and the Treasure Steel Group are planning a strategic restructuring.
The first steel group intends to hold it.
The company’s share of unlimited sales terms is second in China and sixth in martial steel. (The company’s steel capacity rose to 80 million in 2021 in 2015)
The 793408440 shares were transferred to the BMW, with 34938,000 tons of rough steel produced by the BMG, and 100 million tons in size, meaning that mergers and acquisitions of horse and steel would be promoted.
After the completion of the first steel group, which has a share in steel production of 25,776,000 tons), the BMW group has further achieved 100 million tons of capacity.
China's Bok-wu in Ma Mo, China's Power Trade Platform under the banner of Bok-Wu, China's trial with Tai Gang
The merger of the two main steel companies from China has started a management back-to-back operation and a joint reorganization has been carried out:
In the second round of equity financing by O'Gyeung Yun, the treacherous steel group announced its official decision, and at the launch meeting, China's Bao Wu Party Committee
Yes, it's a sign of integration. China's largest. World's second-largest.
The secretary and chairman of the board, Chan Deok-hung, indicated that in the near future, the BMW will officially join the main Chongqing Iron and Steel Group.
1. Industrial software is an intelligent manufacturing and “industrial 4.0” core, and the climate is expected to increase continuously Industrial software is a specialized software that is dedicated to or primarily used in the industrial field and is designed to improve the efficiency and level of the entire process, from R & D manufacturing to production management. Industrial software markets are accessible according to product patterns, uses and characteristics.
A step-by-step breakdown is given in the development of design software, production control software, information management software, and embedded software. The R&D industrial software consists mainly of cad, cae, cam, plm, etc.; the production control industry software includes dcs, mes, etc.; the information management industry software includes erp, crm, fm, etc.; the embedded software is mainly embedded in the work.
Intra-industrial equipment, applications include industrial communications, energy electronics, automobile electronics, security electronics, digital control systems, etc. According to the Smart Manufacturing Development Plan (2016-2020), published by the Ministry of Technology and Communications, smart manufacturing is based on a new generation of deep integration of ICT with advanced manufacturing technologies, which cuts across manufacturing activities such as design, production, management, services, etc.
The structure of the smart manufacturing system includes three dimensions of life cycle, system hierarchy and intellectual identity, according to the guidance of the Ministry of Trade and Technology and the National Committee for Standardization on the construction of national standards for intelligent manufacturing (2018 editions)
Prototype development begins at every stage of product recycling, including design, production, logistics, marketing, service components; system hierarchy refers to the hierarchy of organizational structures associated with the productive activities of enterprises, including, in particular, the five components of the ready layer, the unit layer, the workshop layer, the enterprise layer and the synergetic layer: smart characteristics refer to the new generation of information and communication technologies
The technique provides a hierarchy of self-awareness, self-learning, self-decision-making, self-implementation, and self-adaptation functions for manufacturing activities.
Industrial software is at the heart of smart manufacturing, and advances in smart manufacturing, industrial Internet, and national production are expected to enhance the industrial soft-soil climate. Since 2015, the State has issued intensive policies to support the development of industrial software, industrial Internet, and intelligent manufacturing. In March 2020, the industrial Internet was included in the “new infrastructure” category. In August 2020, the State Council published New Capital.
Several ideas for the high-quality development of the integrated circuit industry and the software industry during the period have led to a significant increase in policy support for the industrial software industry in eight areas: fiscal, investment, research and development, export and import, talent, intellectual property rights, market applications, and international cooperation.
In the context of development, information technology, supported by industrial software, is expected to be a central driver of industrial change, with a strong roll-out of industrial software and its nationalization, which is a core demand for upgrading our manufacturing sector, driving the industrial software market, and the domestic policies associated with industrial Internet policy, figure 22.
In 2019, based on the structure of the product, the country ' s industrial software market reached 1949 billion yuan, with the highest share of embedded software (57 per cent), followed by production control (17 per cent) and information management (17 per cent) and, finally, R & D design (9 per cent).
Figure 232018-2021 Industrial software market size (billion yuan)
Production control software such as mes (production process implementation management system), dcs (dispersal control system), scada (data capture and surveillance control system), ems (energy management system), etc.
17.60 per cent, or 15.67 per cent, of ems. Figure 25 Market patterns for production control software (2018)2
The company has invested in the construction of intelligent manufacturing, and it has built intelligent manufacturing systems that combine smart equipment, smart factories, intelligence-operated intelligent manufacturing systems, in particular by participating in such smart manufacturing projects as the pilot of the National Institute of Technology's intelligent manufacturing applications – the construction of a 1580-hot-rolling smartshop.
The Iron and Steel Wisdom creates solutions and products that are dedicated to helping steel manufacturing firms move from information to intelligence.
The company’s traditional business consists mainly of information, automation, and intelligence. Informationization is directed primarily at manufacturing, as a whole, for mes, erp, big data-related solutions; automation of autonomous intellectual property rights, technology, products and solutions for automation; and intelligence is directed primarily at smart parks, urban emergencies, intelligent transport, etc.
The company is committed to the development of a new generation of information technology and manufacturing technologies, leading to a deeper industrialization and informatization of the country, and promoting the movement of manufacturing enterprises from informatics to automation to intellectual manufacturing.
Mes is the core product of corporate informatization. Mes is a permanent plant-level information system between the enterprise’s management planning system and the direct industrial control system of the main production process. Because of the extremely uneven level of automation of domestic manufacturing, process industry automation is much higher than that of the discrete industry, the discrete industry is a future intelligent transformation.
At present, less than half of the enterprises in the country have been using the mes system, but half of them still have no way of integrating the upper management system and the lower enforcement system, and there is a need for the extension and upgrading of the future mes system.
Figure 27 shows a gradual increase in the size of our market (millions of yuan) as a leading company in the domestic steel industry, with a market share of more than 50 per cent and a gradual penetration into such industries as medicine.
The proximity to the equipment layers and the wide variety of equipment in each industry make standardization difficult, while the focus is on the details of management, the need for software design to match production, and the resulting need for a large amount of industry production experience in the design of the Mes software, which makes it difficult for the market to have a few megascales in the Demes software market.
According to the Ministry of Science and Technology and Sadie's consultants, Bo-Sin occupied 41% of the market in domestic metallurgical companies in 2005, and the market share is rising from year to year.
With a powerful platform, a multi-digit strategy of intellectual transformation, there is much room for the development of corporate steel industry software. By reorganizing and purchasing, the BMW Group has continuously increased industrial concentration and global market ownership. The BMW has set up a “one-base-five” strategic business portfolio, and companies are positioned in intelligent services based on big data, cloud computing, and artificial intelligence technology.
Building digital design and advisory services and industrial equipment smart-wire service operations, building a third-party platform based on steel and related commodities, and providing a holistic solution for the steel biosphere to provide life-cycle intelligent manufacturing and services.
The company’s business is expanding to include chemicals, medicine, and is recognized by the industry. With more than 40 years of information-based experience in the manufacturing sector, the company has been working for years in the field of medicine, focusing on the core areas of production, quality, material, storage and equipment collection control of pharmaceutical companies, which can be planned and distributed from the point of view of the drug industry as a whole.
The company has a combination of “pharmaceutical mesv 2.0” and “pharmaceutical limsv1.0” punches.
Head product, at the Second China Medical Cio & mcs 2019 China Medical Devices Cio Summit at pcs2019, the Boshin Pharmaceutical Manufacturing Implementation System Mes and the pharmaceutical laboratory management system lims were assessed as “best-mes solution service” and “most popular lims product service” respectively. In addition, the company acted as a drug centre, ectd (electricity)
The only designated provider for the development of a sub-general technology file has developed the ectd product bxdms autonomously to help pharmaceutical companies complete the three-week pilot running test of the drug center ectd this year. Corporate automation includes unmanned operations, smart equipment operations, automated operations, and automated services operations.
Automated technologies and products with autonomous intellectual property rights provide high-quality one-stop life-cycle, value-chain services, from self-movement-based business advice to implementation, in the form of a “vi-plus” service model, committed to providing high-end, advanced smart equipment to the manufacturing industry in China, focusing mainly on the production of raw materials to deliver unmanned and storage logistics transport
Technical development, project implementation and life-cycle services for products such as unmanned, industrial robotic applications in production processes, intelligent detection and determination of product surfaces and intrinsic quality, high-end thermal equipment.
Project to control the operation of 120 tons of unmanned heavy-car vehicles at the Bosan base, Project to select an unmanned scratching car system at the Precious Creek Smelting Plant in Jiangxi, Project to develop an unmanned vehicle system for storage of the Samang Three High-History system project
The Ning Bo State Coal Coal Terminal and the Tianjin Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Project - The Ning Po Steamless Steel Co. Ltd. Robot-Swissless Modified Builter System - The 2250 & 1580 Transport Line End End Quality Quality Test Project
Project for Robotic Systems and Retrieval Number Identification System (SIR)
The Bounty Gang Long-Range Wire and Heat Rolling pdms project (as an attempt on the full visualization of smart plants) The Treasure Software Smart Agricultural Demonstration Park project
Project for the design and development of the engineering energy management ems system at the Plant-wide Management Control Centre of the Guangdong Gang Steel Base Project, Zhejiang Province Water Resources and Hydropower Management Centre, Water Resources Management Platform Transport Support Project, Qinsan Nuclear Power Environmental Protection Management System Project
In 2019, Ningbo's new stainless steel company, in collaboration with the Treasurestone software, was able to replace the original man with a robotic grinding machine, which had been replaced by a 5g, artificial intelligence and big data technology.
Increased production efficiency through the lifting of thugs. Figure 32 Smart grinding lines for bottling systems. Figure 33 Unmanned Vehicle Operations Control System
Automation operations, mainly process control-type industrial software design, have automated core products - process control platform software iplature.
Machine systems, etc.; in automated service operations, companies promote networking, big data, cloud computing, etc. New-generation information technology applications in smart power plants, smart agriculture, energy environmental protection, and provide integrated solutions for steel, electricity, energy, environmental protection, medicine, agriculture, etc.
The company is committed to improving the efficiency of urban transport, environment, energy, and emergency operations through scientific and technological means such as i, big data, cloud computing.
Research on the orbital traffic network platform software, irailmetro, allows for the command and control of the orbital traffic network, emergency command decision support, internal and external information portals, production data analysis centres, wire network connectivity, etc. Subsidiarily Bocang Electronic is a high-quality equipment manufacturer and integrated service provider in the field of urban smart traffic control and management in the country, at the eighth session.
2019) At China ' s annual Smart Traffic Markets Conference, Pokang Electronics was evaluated as “10 top performers in China ' s Urban Smart Transport Market System in 2018” and “Ai+Smart Transport in China '2018 + Big Enterprises”.
• Aoshima/Shanghai/Sin/Nanning/Nanchang/ Chongqing/Wuhan subway operation construction movement management system project
Integrated Traffic Command Integrated System Project in the new district of Pudong (package IV)
The market is usually valued using both idc and industrial software, and we believe that the market has yet to fully tap into the firm's determination and ability to deploy in the area of industrial Internet, which is the direction of its future expansion and focus, and that the company relies on the strong research and development power accumulated over the years in the field of industrial software and the professional experience of the steel industry.
Autonomous R & D industry Internet platform xln3plat, with ipllat and pplata as two wings, actively building the steel industry, leading the Internet, opening a new growth track for future development and opening up a wider development space.
1. The national strategy to promote industrial Internet development, the golden track growth space, the industrial Internet is the cornerstone of the fourth industrial revolution, the key to the transition from “China-made” to “China-made” technology, and is an important strategic direction for the country’s new infrastructure.
The Internet combines the digitalization, networking and intellectualization of traditional industries through software, big data, advanced computing, etc., to form a structured network of people, machines and objects, essentially driven by data analysis for automated decision-making.
The Ministry of Informationization issued the Action Plan for the Development of Innovations in Industrial Internet (2021-2023), which sets out a clear development path for innovation in industrial Internet development, which, with national policies in place, is expected to increase access to fast-tracks.
In the 5g era, the industrial Internet will be a golden age. As a new generation of mobile communication systems, 5g will effectively address the problems of industrial Internet connectivity, flattening the network within the factory, solving the “information introvert”, driving the manufacturing sector to digitalize, intelligently and accelerate the process of new industrialization; and 5g will be associated with big data, cloud computing, manual jobs.
The combination of technologies such as energy, ar/vr, and so on, accelerates a typical landscape by combining the core elements of the Internet for the full-scale enabling industry.
In terms of the architecture, the industrial Internet consists mainly of the equipment layer, network layer, platform layer, software layer, application layer five, and the safety system that guarantees the safe operation of structures at all levels: 1) the equipment layer: at the bottom of the industrial Internet, is an industrial infrastructure, including industrial robotics, smart machines, etc.
Production equipment, smart terminals such as sensors, chips, embedded software such as plc, dsp, industrial idc, etc. 2) Network layer: is the foundation of the industrial Internet, which allows for deep interconnection between the field, workshop, enterprise, industry, and mainly the two main networks, both inside and outside the plant, including the industry Ethernet, the field bus, Bluetooth Communications, etc.)
Industrial Wireless Networks, etc., outside plants include the Internet, mobile networks, exclusive networks, etc. 3) Platform layers: are at the heart of the industrial Internet, are the nerve hubs of new manufacturing systems, using objects on traditional platforms Networking, big data etc. Analysis of collected data makes intelligent production and operational decisions, including connecting equipment
The margins collected, laas where data are stored, and Paas where industrial data processing takes place. Of these, the Paas layer is the core of the platform layer. 4) The software layer: design industrial software for different scenarios to enhance enterprise R & D, management, production control, etc.
5) Application level: In the lower industrial chain, where the industrial Internet is applied mainly to the vertical sector, the industrial big data analysis is used to achieve mission functions such as equipment control, energy consumption analysis, supply chain management, smart diagnosis, etc. 6) Security systems: safety is the guarantee of the industrial Internet, a prerequisite for the extension of industrial Internet applications, and a major package
Includes application security, data security, cloud security, control security, equipment security, protection and security monitoring and analysis, security configuration and management of data, terminals, communications links, etc.
In terms of industrial chains, industrial Internet upstream consists mainly of smart hardware equipment, control systems, sensors, chips, modules, etc., which provide the relevant hardware and software for the industrial Internet; middle and middle travel consists mainly of the network layer, the platform layer, the software layer, where the network layer consists mainly of the industrial network communication service provider, the communications equipment operator and the communications operator, Ping.
The floors include laas layers, laas layers, laas layers include cloud platform enterprises, Paas layers include mainly large industrial data platforms, traditional manufacturing industries Internet platforms, Internet companies lead industrial Internet platforms, and software layers include mainly industrial software enterprises; downstream industries include mainly industrial enterprises with typical application scenarios.
Figure 41 Industrial Internet industrial chains Industrial Internet enabling industrial enterprise product chains, value chains, and smart changes in asset chains, expanding in scope and depth, are expected to grow rapidly. According to ccid data, the global market size of the industrial Internet was reached in 2019.
According to the Ministry of Information and Technology statistics, there are currently more than 70 industrial Internet platforms with stronger industries and regional influence, and 40 million of them are connected.
Industrial apps outperformed 250,000, and the industrial Internet was widely used in a number of priority industries, including ports, transport, energy, electricity, domestic power, air space.
The essence of the industrial Internet platform is the big industrial data that will be collected, based on digital models of various service structures, by storing data, and by storing them.
Management, analysis, modelling, etc., and development of innovative applications to improve resource allocation efficiency. Industrial Internet platforms include marginal layers, laas layers, paas layers and application layers, paas layers include general paas layers and industrial paas layers, industrial paas layers are integrated into data analysis and modelling and are at the heart of industrial Internet platforms, industrial paas layers are transmitted.
The integrated Paas platform has been digitally extended to modularly encapsulating duplicated industrial technologies, processes and orders to meet the needs of modern industrial production with a large capacity at all levels and to support specific industrial applications.
Industrial Internet platforms are currently in the initial stages of scale-up, with greater potential for development. In recent years, industrial connectivity has developed rapidly, and a large number of more sophisticated industrial Internet platforms have emerged: 1) leading enterprises in the vertical field have sought to modernize and build industry-based industrial connectivity based on their own industrial experience.
Web platforms, such as the xrea platform established by Xu Engineering Group, the root-connected root cloud platform, the cosmoplat platform in Haile, the inics platform in Space Clouds, the Treasure Software xln3plat platform, etc.; 2) industrial automation leading enterprises, building on their advantages in equipment manufacturing and industrial software, to industrial Internet platforms
(c) New and emerging ict enterprises, relying on strong numbers to build capacity to build industrial Internet, such as the Chinese telecommunications cps platform, the Chinese oceanconnectiot platform, etc.;
4. Some data-centred start-ups have also launched data analysis and clouding service platforms, such as utake, c3iot, qio, mnubo, particle. According to marketsandmarkets, the market size of the global industrial Internet platform is expected to reach $13.82 billion in 2023, compared to the estimated $4.26 billion in 2019.
In the United States dollar, the annual average compound growth rate reached 33.4 per cent, and the projected size of the global industrial Internet platform (US$ 45 million) The maturity of the industrial Internet platform industry is determined in two dimensions: the complexity of industrial mechanisms and the depth of scene analysis.
Established, with three levels: Deep Data Driver - Real-time Feedback from Cloud Platform - Deep Machine Research and Development. 1) First tier: Control of Production Process (32% of domestic applications) and Equipment Management Services (27% of domestic applications), based on deep Data Interactivity, Control of Production Process and Equipment Management Services to achieve process heights
(ii) Level 2: management of business operations (21 per cent of domestic applications) and optimization of resource allocation (domestic applications)
17%) based on industrial web systems such as Tainet, Tsn, Wirelesshart, with smart cloud platforms as centres for information processing, control and visualization of production processes through real-time communication and feedback between staff and the various terminals, management of operations and optimal resource allocation, typically characterized by high value of scenes, and the complexity of industrial processes
Low in depth and low in incremental value, mainly requiring joint + simple data analysis, which is now available in commercialization practice; 3) Level 3: product R & D design (in-country applications 2%) and manufacturing and process management (in-country applications 1%), based on industrial Internet platforms for product R & D design and manufacturing and process management, typical of the field
Low landscape value, high industrial complexity, mainly data accumulation, low application, and commercial value and vertical segmentation of industries, depending on the industry's depth, with different dimensions of design, production, management, and transport dimensions. Vertical segmentation of industry leads to clear advantages in terms of industrial chain integration and product data, and direct access to output.
Data on industry chains and products, data modelling analysis, and future development in the direction of building on industrial strength and industry experience in the industry, providing digital solutions to the pains of the industry, building industrial Internet platforms in the vertical sector, and building targeted industry solutions.
Figure 47 Vertical breakdown of industry applications and pathways, 2 autonomous development of industrial Internet platforms, opening up new space for long-term growth.
It was five years ago that Bo-Sin set up the Industry 4.0 Project Department, pre-positioned industrial Internet technology, released an autonomous industrial Internet platform, xin3plat, in December 2020, and set up the China Bo-Wu Institute of Industrial Internet Research and the China Po-Wu Data Centre at the beginning of this year.
The industrial Internet platform xin3plat is based on two main platforms, iplat and eplat, and is based on seven core technologies: big data, artificial intelligence, smart equipment, cluster control, industrial network security, mobile networks, virtual creation, and is based on three main scenarios: intelligence manufacturing, smart governance, and intelligence services.
The two main platforms iplat, which is smart enough to create application scenes, and eplat, which caters to intelligent service application scenes, are now “new four-fold transformations.” 1) the iplat:iplat platform is an industrial interconnection platform oriented towards intelligent creation of business scenes, with digitization, networking, networking, etc.
Smartness features, innovative integration of technology, equipment technology, operation technology, automation technology and information technology, building digitization centres around the “data” core elements at the plant's edge level, implementation of a front- and back-office architecture model for the (eplat:eplat) platform and enhancement of business micro-services, applications and data integration
To integrate interfaces, services, data, processes, and security, to develop ecological innovations through the platform's operation of catalytic techniques, to support the development of industries at the platform level, and the development of industrial biosphere applications.
xin3plat has a strong resource management capacity to provide multi-industry, multi-operational applications and has effectively landed to provide service to customers. xin3plat offers solutions covering a wide range of industries such as steel, medicine, orbital transport, petrochemicals, finance, agriculture, electricity, idc, including R & D design, operation management, warehousing logistics, shipping, etc.
To date, the platform has been connected to 352+000 industrial equipment, 1600+ industrial models, 2100+ platform microscopics, app3800+ transport software and industry, 14+000 registered business users, generating economic benefits totalling 2,608 million yuan.
The company created the Iron and Steel Industry Internet platform of the city under the banner of Bo Wu, known as “Industrial Red”, which helps the Iron and Steel Company to perform with high innovation. The iron and steel industry has 5 million tons of steel capacity, the largest building and steel production base in Hubei Province, the most complex applications in the manufacturing industry, and the Bosin software has used industrial Internet technology to automate and automate the steel industry.
Intelligent systems, the "Center for Regulation of Steel Operations" has been created for operational control issues, and the 114 operating rooms under the steel flag are the "Center for Conduct Control" for on-site operational difficulties. The "Center for Control of Steel Operations" is the central centre for the management of steel manufacturing, including the Logistics Dynamics Control System, the Production and Marketing Management System, the Energy Dynamics Control System, etc., which covers the Iron Steel House.
Since 2018, steel has been transformed into a BMW-level subsidiary, with a platform for efficient support, the production and operation of steel has been greatly enhanced, with the best operating performance plant in 60 years. The company installed "automated" and "intelligent" wings for its Shanghai base plant, which was selected.
The World Economic Forum published a list of global “lighthouse factories.” Starting in the second half of 2016, companies became fully involved in the implementation of the Treasure Mountain Base Smart Manufacturing Strategy, particularly in smart manufacturing projects such as the National Engineering and Communications Department's pilot smart manufacturing application, the construction of a 1580-heat-rolling smartshop, which resulted in corporate intelligence-making solutions and products.
In support of the list of Internet platforms for the Bosin Software Industry in the cross-cutting industrial Internet platform of the Department of Industry and Communications in 2020, it is estimated that the company's share of the steel industry will be the only steel company in the country that has been elected to the World Economic Forum's Lighthouse Plant.
In furtherance of the State Council's Guidelines for Deepening the Internet + Advanced Production Industry Development of the Industrial Internet, to accelerate the development of a multidisciplinary, multidisciplinary, multidisciplinary, multidisciplinary, multidisciplinary, multidisciplinary and multidisciplinary Internet platform, and to promote its dynamic adjustment and iterative optimization, in accordance with the Executive Office of the Ministry of Industry and Informatics.
The deployment of a circular on the declaration of a pilot pilot manufacturing and Internet integration development project for 2020 (Buddddr. [2020] 240) and the development of a list of cross-sectoral industrial Internet platforms for 2020, with the creation of a Treasure Software Cube, attesting to the firm ' s strength, through business declarations, local referrals, expert reviews, etc.
Table 6 List of cross-cutting industrial Internet platforms in industry, 2020 IV, scarce "idc+Industrial Internet+Intelligent Manufacturing" 5g New Capital Leader, long-term growth,1 scarce New Capital Leader in the country, three deep-posted growth paths
The Treasurestone software strategy focuses on the construction of a long track on three new foundations: the idc+Industrial Internet + Smart Manufacturing, accompanied by a multi-billion-ton digitized transition to gold, with the prospect of a golden age. The Treasure software software is a listed software company with real control and ownership of the Treasures and Steels and is based in the Shanghai Free Trade Experiment Area, Etobo Steel, which has been in circulation for over 40 years.
It is the lead industrial software industry in the country in applying solutions and service providers, with products ranging from steel to traffic, medicine, colour to chemicals, equipment manufacturing to finance, with products and services such as mes, ems, cold swings, and transport services first in the iron and steel market; companies are the backbone of the country's core cities, idc., idc.
The sea above layout continues to expand to the core parts of the country. The company is committed to becoming an industry leader in promoting the strategy of “Industry 4.0” and “China Makes 2025.”
The main business of the company is traditional business (information, automation, intelligence) and a new generation of infrastructure (idc, etc.).
The company is an industrial software company that can do a lot from lo, with a core product of mes, the highest in steel and steel, and will in the future be working on the Internet + intelligence; in idc, it is the country's only competitive advantage.
The company is accelerating the pace of the expansion of the idc, the core city's wholesale idc leader, with its own power and potential for resource endowments and expansion, and the ocean is expanding to the core cities of the country, with great potential for future growth.
Treasure software __5 (New Capital Leader) for manufacturing to provide mes, rps, large numbers, including unmanned operations, smart equipment operations,
In Shanghai, we have the largest single-size solution in the East China region, based on wisdom parks, urban emergency response, intelligence transfer, etc.
(b) Automated operations and automated services operations, etc.;
The company is an industrial software that can do it from lo, with automated technologies that have autonomous intellectual property rights to provide intelligence to urban orbital transport customers.
The ocean is at the core, heading towards the national core, where the share of the whole class (automated + informatization + mes products in the steel industry is maintained year after year.
Automated core product -- process control, cloud applications, whole life cycle solution Radiation expansion, planning for a single core segment
The idc is larger than 1w+cyts.
Wisdom-making, cloud-calculation idc2, development in fast lanes, increasing profitability.
Corporate performance has continued to grow rapidly. Corporate operating income increased from 3,938 million yuan in 2015 to 879 million yuan in 2019, with an annual compound growth rate of 29.6 per cent, and sustained rapid growth in corporate performance has benefited, on the one hand, from the rapid increase in the rise in the rate of rise in Treasure Cloudidc and, on the other, from the rapid development of traditional business.
The software development business, which has benefited since 2016 from the warmth of the steel industry, the acquisition of weapons of mass destruction, the restructuring, etc., has been growing at a faster pace and is expected to benefit from the continued merger of the BMW in the future; and the outsourcing of services (2020)
Figure 54: Business growth breakdown of Treasure Software, Figure 55: Business share breakdown, corporate Māori and profitability continued to increase, and services outsourcing (h1idc income in 2020 exceeded the projected 80 per cent)
The Māori rate is the highest, reflecting an increase in the profitability of idc operations. The Māori rate in companies as a whole rose from 26.66 per cent in 2017 to 27.8 per cent of h1 in 2017, mainly due to the restructuring and optimization of the company ' s business structure, high Māori informatization and automaticization, and the increase in Māori outsourcing of services from 41.75 per cent in 2017 to 50 per cent of h1 in 2020.
Mainly thanks to the increase in the idc business occupancy rate and the Māori rate; the Māori rate for system integration equipment increased from 9.56 per cent in 2017 to 10.1 per cent in H1 in 2020.3 Marketized incentives are expected to fully release the development dynamism
Although the company is a big company, the management team is experienced, the management system is flexible, the internal appraisal system is marketed, and several market-based incentive programmes have been introduced. In 2017 and 2020, the company implemented two equity incentives, which have a wide range of coverage, covering the company ' s management, technical cadres, business cadres, etc., highlighting corporate governance.
A strong confidence in the long-term development of the future, but also the hope that the motivation of the workforce will be mobilized and that the corporate development will be fully released from the second-phase equity incentive program of the Treasure 7 software, the first-phase incentive of the Treasure 8 software.
Table 9 Treasurer II Incentive Targets and Awards V. Profit Forecasts, Valuations and Investment Ratings
First, there is a strong competitive advantage, with unique resource endowments, unique capacity for building and operating peacekeeping costs, and space for long-term growth. The traditional core of business benefits from the restructuring of the M&As, moving towards hundreds of millions of tons, and the intellectual transformation of the 5g era, while traditional business is expected to enter into a new cycle of accelerated growth, while the traditional business is expected to move towards a new cycle of accelerated growth.
The industry Internet and smart manufacturing business are expected to open up new opportunities for companies to develop. Based on the certainty of growth in the three industries and the increasing competitiveness of the company’s core, we firmly value the company’s president. 1) Software development business: corporate software development business is a traditional business, benefiting mainly from the recovery of the steel industry and the maintenance of power.
Reorganization of M & As, and the intellectual transformation of the Treasures, the growth of traditional businesses in the future, which are expected to continue at a faster pace in the coming years, is expected to be sustained. 2) Outsourcing of services: the outsourcing of corporate services consists of operations such as idc, cloud computing, H1idc, 2020
Over 80 per cent of the expected enrolment ratio is the focus of the future development of the company, which will continue to grow faster as the future Idc map expands, as well as in the build-up rate. 3) System integration: for low Māori ratio operations, non-development focus will focus on high Māori informatization and automation in the future
Operations, phasing out systems integration. 2 Valuation analysis and investment ratings. When compared to listed companies, we select companies that are the main players, idc, such as the New Halo Network, the Data Harbour, the Ophei Data, and so on.
Businesses with major industrial software, such as Chinese-controlled technology, a friend network, and an industrial Internet platform. Treasure software is the core city-placed wholesale idc leader, with a rich reserve of resources on the front line and around, a wealth of hand-held projects and a strong capacity for building operations and cost-control to satisfy domestic cloud computing customers and content.
Core claims, such as clients, where companies and large clients work together on the front line of their own wholesale model, satisfy the certainty of long-term growth and profitability. From this year on, the company will enter a new cycle of accelerated placement, and with the release of the idc cabinet and the increase in the build-up rate, corporate performance and valuation will hit Davis twice in the coming years.
Corporate software operations have largely benefited from the warmth of the steel industry, the continuous M&A restructuring of the BMW, and, as the pace of M&A restructuring has accelerated, traditional software operations are expected to usher in a period of rapid development; and, as billions of tons of BMW have been intellectually transformed, software operations are expected to grow to enable industrial Internet and intelligent manufacturing operations, and companies have turned their backs on opening up new space for development.
1. The construction of the idc engine room, the speed of the build-up is lower than expected. The idc industry is an asset-intensive industry with a long construction cycle and a large number of processes. The construction progress is largely influenced by policy approval factors such as energy consumption and electricity, while the speed of the build-up is partly influenced by downstream customer business development.
The impact of the situation. Further strengthening of the idc energy consumption regulatory policy in the core cities and tighter power controls, coupled with short-term disruptions in downstream client business development, could affect the delivery and upswing of the idc machine room.
The development of 5g will lead to the growth of the industrial Internet and the creation of intelligent manufacturing, while the development of 5g applications will lead to the development of the flow chain, which in turn will create fertile ground for the development of idc. If the development of 5g is below expectations, corporate business development will be subject to less than expected 3 and the merger and acquisition of precious arms will be restructured.
The company's traditional software business, the industrial Internet, the heart of its intelligent manufacturing business, which benefits from the continuous M&A restructuring, which is accompanied by the intellectual transformation of the billions of tons of BMW, will usher in a period of gold development, which, if not expected, will affect the development of the company's business at some point.
In January 2021, he joined the Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre, which covered the idc and cloud computing chain. In January 2021, he joined the Chinese University of Hong Kong, Master of Accounting, and the Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, which was in charge of financial management. He was in charge of business research in China. In September 2020, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which conducted research in the communications sector, covering, inter alia, 5 g of major equipment, cloud computing equipment, network security, and the following areas:
Some of them are not, are not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views contained in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindard Securities”) has the qualifications of the CSRC-resumed securities investment consulting business.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference in investment decisions for this category of clients. Both parties have strict agreement on rights and responsibilities. The present report is only available to the above-mentioned specific clients and is not intended for public publication.
The opinion and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report alone suggest that the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and that historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.