In the second quarter, the non-profit ring grew by 62 per cent. The company announced that in the first half of 2019, the company achieved $7,942 million in revenue, an increase of 22.91 per cent.
A net gold current of $852 million, an increase of 57.67 per cent, a net profit of $452 million attributable to shareholders in listed companies, an increase of $412 million in the same quarter, a net operating cash flow of $483 million in the second quarter, a net profit of $264 million, a net profit of $219 million from the non-return to the mother, and an increase in the data ring ratios, all of which are not returned to the mother.
In our view, growth in the corporate sector is the main reason for growth in performance in an environment in which the general photovoltaic and semiconductor industries are less obsessed. The company’s current capacity for photovoltaic and semiconductor silicon silicon production is continuing to expand, and the industry is warming up, and its performance will continue to grow faster in the future.
The launch of the five-phase project, with the release of large silicon products, will further enhance the profitability of the company: performance in advance, silicon in return for future performance, 2019-01-30
During the first half of 2019, the company ' s revenues from new energy materials were $7 billion, representing an increase of 21.62 per cent over the previous year, mainly due to the completion of the four stages of Mongolia ' s production uphill in the Ministry of Finance and the transformation projects, which have now reached production, taking into account the price of silicon tablets compared to the same period of the previous year: performance against expectations and smooth performance.
The decline is clear, with the output of silicon silicon growing by more than 50% on a year-on-year basis. In the first half of 2019, the company’s photovoltaic material capacity was released to help the company grow. 2019-03-31. In addition, the company promoted five production expansion projects in Inner Mongolia to fill the high-quality capacity gap, which will reach 25gw.
Q: The company’s performance rebounded gradually, with a one-season project expected to start production in 2020 and complete production in 2021, with a doubling of the company’s capacity to produce photovoltaic silicone.
The company recently released 210 mm of silicon silicon with a large size, and the product has important implications for further efficiency gains in the photovoltaic industry, and the company is expected to take the lead in this wave of upgrading. In our view, the demand in overseas markets is strong this year, single crystal silicon prices will return to a reasonable profit zone, company output.
With sustained expansion, companies will not only be able to increase market ownership even further, but the low cost of following up on new production will make the company more profitable. The semiconductor silicon performance is beginning to release, becoming another growth point for the company.
The 10,000-month pilot line project, which was produced in February this year, expected 1 8-inch production line in the second half of the year, the 12-inch project, which is expected to move in equipment in the fourth quarter of 2019, start production in the first quarter of 2020, continue progress in terms of project design, the future release of new production capacity in the tin-free areas of the company, and the expansion of 6-inch capacity in the Tianjin region,
In addition, the 5-inch gpp expansion project will further increase market ownership. The company’s semiconductor performance is expected to double this year, with sustained investment in future production and a two-wheel-drive growth in corporate performance.
Dollars, corresponding to 25 x, 19 x and 14 x, taking into account the company's leading position in the solar monocrystal field, the risk of falling prices in the semiconductor industrial chain; semiconductor silicon production capacity to release less than expected risks; future large silicon prices
Xu Jialine, author with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author's professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author's research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.