The company issued the Notice on Replenishment of Companies, and the company, its wholly-owned subsidiaries, China, Hong Kong, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China., China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China
In our analysis and judgment, Zhao Tenghui guaranteed the funding requirements for the Big Silicon Project, with shareholders going up to 2.7 billion dollars in the same proportion.
In order to meet the project’s financial needs and ensure its smooth implementation, the shareholders are expected to lead the project by the same proportion, with an additional $2.7 billion. When the replenishment is completed, the central leader’s registered capital will change from $5 billion to $7.7 billion.
In October 2017, the company signed with the tin-free municipality, the crystal-single machine.
The Agency ' s Strategic Cooperation Agreement envisages the joint launching of an integrated circuit silicon silicon project, with a total investment of about $3 billion. In November 2017, the company was to take the lead in the formation of a combined investment in Hong Kong, tin-free development and crystallization power in Hong Kong, China, and its wholly-owned subsidiary, with a registered fund of $5 billion.
In July 2019, the Public Administration issued a request for the release of shares to the CVM Board for approval.
Optimizing product structure, enriching product composition, and enhancing international competitiveness. By adding large silicone pieces, the company’s 8-inch silicon output will increase further and produce 12-inch silicon, which will step up the share of semiconductor material in the company’s products, optimize product structure and enrich product composition.
At present, only a handful of companies worldwide have 8 inches and 12 inches of semiconductor silicon production capacity, and companies, as the leading semiconductor silicon producer in the country, are expected to re-enhance the national production of large silicon, and for new energy businesses, companies are one of the two-hubs of single crystal silicone, with strong competitive patterns as well.
For semiconductor operations, the company's semiconductor material is starting to work, 8 inches of silicon are already being delivered, 12 inches of silicon are steadily moving forward, and it is expected to be replaced by national production in the future. We expect the company to earn $18.803 billion in 2019-2021.
The price of the building was higher than expected; semiconductor operations were not as advanced as expected.