The silicon taps continue to grow, and the technology leadership is expected to pass through the cycle on September 09, 2019. 1. The company recently released its semi-annual report for 2019. During the first half of 2019, it achieved operating income of $7,942 million, an increase of 22.91 per cent, attributable to the public market.
The net profit of the company ' s shareholders is 452 million yuan, an increase of 50.69 per cent over the same period, the net profit of the parent less the non-recurring gain or loss of 354 million yuan, an increase of 58.57 per cent over the same period, and the basic 2.
In the first half of 2019, silicone was used for new production and the company generated $7.06 billion in new energy materials, an increase of 21.6 per cent compared to 21.6 per cent;
The semiconductor material business generated 502 million yuan, an increase of 21.1 per cent, and the firm as a whole, an increase of 7,942 million yuan, an increase of 22.91 per cent. The company as a whole lost 2.56 percentage points to 17.43 per cent, as a result of a decline in the price of photovoltaic silicons over the same period. The company eventually achieved a decrease of 3.44 percentage points to 9.81 per cent.
The net return to the mother is $452 million, an increase of 50.69% over the same period. We believe that the trend in the performance of the Global Silicon Division over the next two to three quarters of the next two to three quarters will remain positive as the company’s productive capacity is released in the first half of the year, and the photovoltaic industry is still in a better upward cycle.
In the first half of the year, the company published a series of new products, m12, 12 inches of single crystal silicon squares, and single silicon tablets.
This is an 85% increase in size compared to the current industry’s main product, and the m12 silicon product’s corresponding component power can reach 600w, a product that is expected to raise the price of photovoltaic power significantly in the future. We believe that new corporate products are expected to accelerate technological advances across the entire industry chain, accelerate the industrialization of new technologies for battery and component chains, and accelerate the pace of the photovoltaic industry’s flat access to the Internet, thus enabling it to grow through the industry’s cycle.
The supply and demand of silicon tablets are tight, and the price is expected to remain strong in the short term. In the first half of the year of 2019, it was driven by overseas light-voltage machines that boosted domestic demand at the manufacturing end, and downstream batteries \triangleright \triangleright
Itd House No. 1 West Side Street, Beijing, where the domestic light-voltage machine will start gradually and the foreign demand will end in a mild season, and the domestic and foreign resonance will further increase demand for manufactured end-products, with silicon links.
In the first half of 2019, the company was certified by a certification board. The company proposed $5 billion to finance the 8-12 inch semiconductor silicon production line construction project. The company has now implemented the 8 inch silicon expansion project in Tianjin.
To achieve a 1 8-inch line of production, a 12-inch 12-inch project in 2020q1 and a semiconductor large silicone project to accelerate the pace of import substitution. At present, the leading shareholders of the ring have increased their funding to China, and the semiconductor sector will enjoy a higher cycle in the future when the current industry’s low-end capacity is released properly.
Instead, the future will be phased out, and on this basis we maintain a “buy-in” rating of companies. Risk factors: the photovoltaic industry supports the risk of policy change; new production capacity is not built up as much as expected; overseas market demand is not as high as expected; market competition increases the risk; and large-scale semiconductor silicon customers do not develop as much as expected.
Chen Chen, Research Assistant, Master of Studies, University of Jilin, July 2018, Joining the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, is currently engaged in new energy research. Sinda Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindard Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy approved by the Chinese CVM. This report is produced and published by Sindha Securities. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sindha securities and provides support and reference for investment decisions with this group of clients. Both parties have strictly agreed rights and obligations.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of securities or investment objects should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. At different times, or through the use of different assumptions and criteria, different perspectives and analytical methods have led to the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which special notice may not be given.