Ideal Electric (002028.sz) Overseas harvests, increasing profitability, high demand from overseas, high expectations in major network construction, and a high number of new off-grid energy loads.
Ideas Electric Queries: Performance Rapids Overseed and Growth Dynamics 1) Overseas: US$ 2.6 billion from January-June 2025, compared to +49%, maintained high growth. Companies in several countries, including the United Kingdom, Italy, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, etc.
Xinse Electric Qualifications: Performance meets expectations, domestic high-profile offshore markets have made breakthroughs in multi-valued products and have passed certifications in a number of countries, h1, continuation, 2025.4.27
The overseas market generated $2.86 billion, compared with 88.9 per cent, and is expected to continue to benefit from it.
2025.4.20 The winning sum for the third batch of national grid transmission equipment was $21.19 billion, or 38 per cent, and the winning amount for the first three batches was newly higher, or 54.06 billion, or 25 per cent, respectively.
We expect a rapid growth in the bidding for equipment, driven mainly by the over-expected construction of the north-west grid. The company’s top three tranches of bid total $3.92 billion, or +80%, and is mainly involved in the development of off-grid operations such as electricity generation, orbital transport, petrochemicals, and metallurgicals.
Profitability continues to rise, with the start of new business and the expectation that the 2025 target will be exceeded. 1h25 Māori rate is 31.9% for the same year and +0.2 pt, and 35.7% for overseas operations and +1.9 pt for the same year.
The second growth curve, which companies are actively nurturing, has begun to show results, with revenues in the automotive electronics sector of h1 rising by 216.6% over the same period, achieving rapid growth. The company target for 2025 is new.
Corporate development strategies are clear, business planning is clear, and in the context of accelerated investment in the domestic electricity grid and the continuing climate of demand for overseas electricity equipment, it is expected that corporate income from various products will continue to be sustained Investment/Overseas expansion/promotion of products will fall short of expectations, raw materials will rise and industry competition will increase
Analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market