25h1 Performance is bright, equity buy-backs are promising for development confidence \triangleright 25h1 Performance is bright, and 25-year growth guidelines are positive. Companies actively rely on the new power system.
\triangleright’s development opportunities and orders continue to be high. By the end of 25q1, the company’s inventory stood at $4.1 billion, compared to the domestic and overseas two-line layouts, and the company continues to benefit from the global grid’s large-scale construction cycle.
\triangleright Dun Yongkang, January-May year, the country accumulated 3.61 billion kilowatts of installed capacity, an increase of 18.8 per cent compared to the previous year; grid works were completed
With investment of $204 billion, an increase of 19.8% over the same period, the demand for power- and grid-related construction is high. Companies insist on deep farming and expanding the domestic market, consolidating and increasing the market share of mainstream products in consumers of the grid, and actively developing markets in such industries as electricity generation.
Goods and market inputs, and many of the products have made a breakthrough in several national markets, including the UK, Italy, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait. The domestic energy consumption envisaged in Saudi Vision 2030 will quadruple by 2030 and produce 9.5 megawatts.
Emerging energy sources, including overseas markets such as Saudi Arabia, continue to grow in demand. The company’s multiple products have been certified in a number of priority countries and are expected to benefit from rising downstream demand.
\triangleright 1. Ideas Electrator (002028.sz) 2024 Annual Report Review: Funds are available for stock buybacks of not less than RMB 300 million (inclusive) and not higher than RMB
500 million yuan (inclusive) at a repurchase price not exceeding RMB 109.45/share, and the repurchase of equity represents about the total equity of the company
\triangleright \triangleright: 24h1 performance met expectations and profitability increased steadily
-2024/08/19 23 year ' s excess orders, high growth in overseas operations. Methodology and analytical logic leads to findings, independent and objective presentation of the report and accountability for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects research by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.