Mid 2025: High-performance supermarket forecast, high-yielding profit realization Keyword: #performance over-expected #export orientation
The net profit of the mother is 1,293 million yuan, or 46% of the year; the net profit of the non-mother is 1,238 million yuan, or 62% of the year; the net profit of the non-mother is 801 million yuan, or 60% of the year.
The export value of transformers/high voltage switches in January-May was approximately 225/15 billion yuan, compared to 35/32 per cent in January-May. In the context of the world-wide customs war, the overseas electricity equipment market remained in short supply. As of May 25, the US/KOR/Germany transformer pi had increased by 3.07/7.00/292 pct over 24 years, respectively.
Switching equipment pi has been upgraded by 11.20/9.19/3.78 ptt over 24 years, thinking as a lead company for high-pressure electrical equipment in the country. It has achieved breakthroughs in the markets of Europe, the Middle East, Central and South America, Asia, Africa, etc., and has been shrinking with overseas heads through capacity and delivery advantages.
In 24 years, we've estimated that companies' new overseas orders have increased by more than 80%, with market orders from Europe, Central and South America, and the Middle East having more than doubled and increased profitability. With the rising share of overseas markets, companies are still more profitable.
The company’s market share has risen significantly, mainly from the company’s 22 consecutive bid for 750kv combined electrical appliances.
In addition to the traditional master industry, the company’s storage capacity has grown faster, and the company’s power supply has grown faster.
Performance in line with market expectations, year-round export of pool operations to the European market, covering more than 10 European countries such as Germany and Poland, production plans are in place until the end of the year; super-cancer operations extend from storage energy and auto electronics to Aidc, the future.
It is expected that this will be an addition to the forward growth of the company.
Review: Overachieved year-round target, operating three major financial forecasting forms for the alpha+ industry, Ideas and Electric, Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, has acquired the qualifications for portfolio investment advisory operations.