Inner sales optimized the steady cassati surge overseas -- the three-quarterly review of Heir thinkers (600,690.sh) published three-quarterly reports in 2019, generating operating income of $149.89 billion in the previous three quarters, an increase of 7.7 per cent.
31 October 2019 The profits from Cao Xute's revenue continued to rise steadily, and the flow of logistics operations caused fluctuations in profits during the first three quarters of the reporting period.
In Qin, the return to the mother ' s net profit of $5.83 billion increased by 5.7 per cent, of which 49.920 billion were collected by q3 battalions, and 4.6 per cent by single quarter, as 19q3 was no longer included in logistics operations, eliminating the impact of logistics on q3 and the increase in q3 calibre income.
9.1 per cent of the net return to the mother, which represents an increase of 2,62 billion yuan, or 91 per cent of the same rate, of which 1.44 billion yuan is the net return to the mother and q3 is the net return to the mother, representing an increase of 8.1 per cent. The internal sales market maintains an optimal pattern of competition among the various categories.
At the beginning of the year, the share of retail sales on the line has risen, and the share of ice-washed hot cooks below the line has increased in terms of a dynamic and pioneering scenario solution model, raising its competitive advantage. High-end Cassatian has made a marginal breakthrough, returning to almost two years of high growth.
Fifteen percent, q3 quarter, with a 42 percent jump, has recovered to a rate of over 40 percent in 17 and 18 years. With the completion of the first half of the year with the adjustment of the new production line of the Kasati washing machine, the non-normal low speed has ended, and the new production capacity and efficiency have increased the supply of Cassatine.
The power of the end, the end of the product, and the subsequent gradual landing of the ice-free cooking line of the debt-transferable project will further strengthen the Cassatian advantage. We judge that the high-end Cassatian brand is expected to reach $7.5 billion in 19 years, and that next year's increase will be further accelerated on the basis of a relatively low base of 19h1.
Corporate corporate overall profitability is improving, overseas operations are growing across the board, and robust layout reduces internal sales volatility. The company’s share abroad is currently 47%, nearly 100% performance under autonomous brands continues to be optimized, overall overseas white power is growing at a rate of 25%, and the subregion’s North America, Europe, and Japan are growing at a rate of 25%.
Markets in Ben, Australasia, South Asia, South-East Asia and Central and East Africa grew by 12.25 per cent (more robust than at the beginning of the year, effectively reducing low-speed risks in the overall market of the Internal Distributors Group and achieving robust performance).
All-house smart scene solutions are rapidly being developed. Since the transformation of the corporate strategic focus on eco-branding, the application of the "5+7+n" scenario has continued to deepen with 126 core scenes, starting with the launch of the Internet at the beginning of the year.
A 137% increase in volume, a 92% increase in white power activation, and a 195% increase in user activity. Meanwhile, a UDP investment proposal is that companies, as home power taps, have been able to achieve a sustainable first-hand layout in high-end and globalized markets, guaranteeing a sustained improvement in profitability and a robust release of their performance, while home-wide solutions have grown into companies.
The study assistant's introduction to the Port of Enrollment Securities in March of the year will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report, nor will it be relevant in the future.
We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the ideas, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a sale price or a bid on the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to our own company or to the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek investment for them.