The Internet chip is growing at a high rate, watching the ddr5 penetration rises, and the technology (68808.sh) incident company issues 2024 semi-annual reports, and the company 24h1 achieved revenues of $1.665 billion, the same amount.
The Māori rate has risen steadily and the scale effect has gradually become apparent. At the company ' s 24q2 level of revenue, 24q2 Battalion received 928 million yuan, i.e. +83 per cent, ring + 26 per cent, mother ' s net profit of 370 million, i.e. + 495 per cent, ring + 66 per cent; non-repatriated net profit of 325 million yuan, i.e. + 9133 per cent, ring + 48 per cent and single-quarter deductions.
In terms of business splitting, the company ' s 24h1 interconnectivity chip achieved revenue of $1,528 million, compared with 67.89 per cent, Māori rate of 62.43 per cent, Quickway server platform revenue of $130 million, compared with 846 per cent, Ring ratio of 19.92 per cent, which is a new high in the quarter of the product line, with a major department of ddr5 penetration rate driving memory.
Prince Road interfaces and module packages have increased revenue. The corporate 24h1 combined Māori rate is 57.78%, compared to +1.5 ptt, of which the 24q2 Māori rate is 57.83%, the ring ratio + 0.1 pt, the Māori rate is stable. The net interest rate is 24h1.
The interconnection chip is a single-quarterly high, pushing for the development of new products. The company's 24q2 traditional memory portals and supporting chips are rising steadily, the pcieretamer's share of the mainstream cloud-ai server project continues to rise, the yield ring ratio has doubled to 300,000, and mrcd/mdb-related end-products are in the mainstream cloud computing plant.
The firm started a scale experiment, generating 50 million revenues, ckd chips undetected, more than 10 million in volume, and the entire Internet chip generated a record high in a single quarter. At the same time, the company released the engineering development of the ddr5, fourth generation rcd core retimer chip.
A new product, data protection and a credible computing acceleration chip, multi-operational and public-friendly investment proposal: the company is a global memory interface header, and we believe that as the company's new product is phased in, we're going to be able to use it.
We expect the company 2024-1 [Galaxy] to make a steady improvement in the performance of technology (68808.sh) and focus on the company.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
In 2022, he joined the China Galaxy Securities Institute as head of the e-team, mainly in hard-tech orientation research. Prince Road, Master of Finance and Investment, University of Bristol, United Kingdom, Bachelor of Science, University of Shandong, three years of experience in science and technology industry research, and joined the China Galaxy Securities Research Institute in 2020 for research in the electronics sector.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.