On August 30th, 2024, the interconnection chip camp was very innovative. The ai transport chip was beginning to show a high potential for growth.
The company's performance rating for 24 years, the memory interface chip, 24h1, ddr5 penetration rate continues to increase and is expected to drive the market value in the company's dddr5 circulation (millions):
The storage interface chip ratio is more than 45%, leading to an increase in the company's Māori ratio. 24h1 company ddr5, second generationrcd, third generation chip is expected to be larger than the first generation, starting from 24h2, and the ddr5 memory interface chip is expected to be larger than the ddr4.
In January 2024, the ddr5 fourth generation rcd chip was launched, and samples were sent to the memory module manufacturer. The company was actively involved in the fifth generation of rcd chip development in an effort to maintain a leading edge in product technology.
By 16%, 8% of the q1 has achieved a larger growth potential. 1) Pcle 24q3 has reached 600,000 and the volume has doubled. In addition, the development and validation of the company's pcle 6.0 retimer chip keyip has made significant progress, with the orderly advancement of the pcie 6.0 retimer chip.
Medium-Term Strategic Report 2024 for the National Dollar Securities and Electronics Industry: Science and Technology Hardware The Chips have been tested by mainstream cloud computing firms at home and abroad, with 24q1 and 24q2, respectively, taking the lead in testing the ckd chips in April 2024, starting a small-scale delivery in 24q2 and selling them in a single quarter.
The first quarter of 2024: ddr4 stock supplements led to a shipment, and the memory pool is expected to be phased out in 26-27.
Upward risk: competitive expansion of production capacity is lower than expected; ddr5 penetration is faster than market expectations; cxl dram is faster; aipc penetration is faster; downside risk: ddr5 penetration is lower than expected; industry competition is increasing faster than prices; accompanied by chips
The continued increase in the penetration of memory interface chips ddr5 is expected to drive companies to deliver more than 45 per cent of the ddr5 interface chips, leading to an overall increase in the company's Māori ratio.
In addition, in January 2024, the company rolled out ddr5, second generation rcd chips and sent samples to the memory module manufacturer and actively invested in the ddr5, fifth generation of rcd chips.
We're trying to keep the product technology in the lead.
The cargo and mrcd/mdb are entering the trial phase, where the i-carriage chip camp accounts for 16% of the overall interconnection chip collection in the second quarter, a significant increase from 8% in the first quarter, and the i-carriage chip has shown high growth potential. pcieretamer chip: a new generation of gpu acceleration cards has boosted the penetration of the pcie 5.0ai server, while pcie 5.0retimer became the pcie 5.0retimer.
The company is one of the two suppliers of the pcle 5.0 retimer chip that has been produced and exported globally. The pcle 5.0al server needs to grow, with the company achieving 150,000 and 300,000 deliveries in q1 and q2, respectively, with 24q3 expected to reach 600,000 and double the volume. In addition, the company has made significant progress in the development and validation of the pcle 6.0 retimer chip key, and has made an orderly push for the pcle 6.0 retimer chip.
Pcie 5.0 retimer is the first product line in the company ' s one-way chip series to be scalded mrcd/mdb: the beneficialai and high performance calculations drive demand for higher bandwidth memory modules, and the company ' s mrcd/mdb chip is being tested in and out of the country by mainstream cloud computing firms, with more than 20 million and 50 million harvests in 24q1 and 24q2, respectively, while the company is developing and developing at the same time.
ddr5 second generation mrcd/mdb chips are expected to better meet downstream needs. mrcd/mdb is expected to move from trial to commercial phase in 25 years, creating a more flexible expectation of corporate revenue. ckd chips: when aipc is configured with a Ddr5 data rate of 6,400 mt/s and above, the memory module will have to use a dedicated clock drive.
With the release of the client’s main technology platform, the ckd chip is expected to start a step-by-step phase in q4. For the mxc chip, the company expects to deliver in 25 years of internal storage expansion, while the internalization of the pool is expected to progress in 26-27 years.
In addition to the main ai transport chip, the company has made progress in the direction of the clock chip and the buffer chip, which has formed six material numbers on the clock generator. The clock generator/buffer has a wide market space and requires a high degree of diversification and customization of the product. Through specific customer demand, the company is able to move to a new market direction, using the technological advantages it has accumulated in its long-term memory of the rcd chip design, and is expected to be on the new track in 25 years.
In June 2024, the company released a new sixth generation energy-efficient nuclear cpu, designed for high density and horizontal expansion loads, with full benefits in terms of density, energy efficiency, throughput and outreach.
At the same time, companies publish data protection and credible computational acceleration chips, combining two core functions, data decryption and platform credibility, with the advantages of high quality, ability, and broad credibility. To date, many service providers have developed a series of high-performance server models with unique safety features, using the products associated with the Xin Quick Server Platform.
Corporate valuations and performance charts. 3) As product lines such as pcie 5.0retimer and mrcd/mdb reach their scale, the i “power” chip takes over the overall interconnection chip camp by a margin based on 1) ddr5 penetration rises below market expectations. 2) Increased competition has led to a significant decline in the price of memory interface chips, affecting the product's lower Māori ratio.
Figure 3: Quarterly net profit return and increase for the company (millions of yuan) Figure 4: Quarterly Māori rate and net interest rate for the company Figure 5: Quarterly Roa/roe changes for the company
Figure 6: Changes in the quarterly cost rates of companies Figure 7: Performance of companies by quarter Top risk: expansion of competitive capacity below expectations; ddr5 penetration faster than market expectations; cxldram acceleration; aipc penetration acceleration
Downside risks: ddr5 penetration rates are lower than expected; industry competition increases faster down prices; supply issues such as pmic are associated with indexes, Hong Kong market benchmark is a permanent index, the United States market benchmark is a standard 500 index or the NASDAQ index, the new three-board benchmark index is a three-board index (for agreement transfers) or a three-board market index (for market transfers) and the Northward benchmark index is a North Certificate 50 index.
The author, with the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data used in my commitment report are based on compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author ' s professional integrity and competence, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and adopts