With a remarkable growth in technology and a 1h24 business performance, the ai-news have accelerated, and the revenue from the sale of server platform product lines is about $130 million: net return to the mother is $593 million.
The recovery of the data centre led to the recovery of memory interfaces and modular chip packages, and the continuous evolution of ddr5 penetration.
With the ddr5 downstream penetration increase and the dddr5 sub-alternation continues to advance, 24h1 company ddr5 second-generation rcd chips have delivered more than the first-generation rcd chip, the third-generation rcd chip is 24h2 and is expected to contain 24o3dddr5 interface chips over dddr4.
The recovery in the industry has also continued, with Shinzo 24h1 generating 2,370 million new tiles, an increase of 75.59 per cent, and the current revenue of 601 million in July, an increase of 159.45 per cent, and an increase of 19.09 per cent. According to the CLA, there is a good procurement drive for Oems and csps based on the import of new platforms, which will continue into the third quarter.
The dram bytes will be higher than originally expected, and the ddr5 ratio will be raised to 60% in the third quarter. The "end" and "cloud" new products on both sides will continue to be active, taking advantage of the ai heights to protect the future.
Industry waves, the growth of the company's three new high-performance “carriage” chip products, with 24q2 sales totalling about 130 million yuan and a significant increase in sales earnings. 1) pcieretamer: benefiting from the global demand for ai services and the rising market share of the company, the company's pcieretamer chips are growing rapidly, followed by a rapid increase in their output.
After the delivery of about 150,000 items in 24o1, about 300,000 items in 24o2, and the projected delivery of the pcieretamer chip in 24o3 is estimated to be about 600,000 hand orders, with a further significant increase in the ring comparison.) mrcd/mdb: benefits from the contribution of the ai and high performance calculations to the demand for higher bandwidth memory modules, coupled with mrcd/mdb cores
The server high-bandwidth memory module began testing mainstream cloud computing/Internet vendor size inside and outside the country, and the company ' s mrcd/mdb chip sales revenue grew rapidly, with 24q2 earning more than RMB 50 million.) ckd: The company took the lead in piloting the ckd chip in industry in April 24, benefiting from the impetus of trends in the aipc industry, and
The client ' s new cpu platform (support RAM of 6400 mt/s) is nearing release time, with 24q2 companies starting to deliver on the scale of the ckd chip, which is the standard market price on August 26, 2024, with sales revenue exceeding RMB 10 million for the first time in a single quarter.
Consider recovery in storage and data centre demand, increase in demand for interconnected products in the 'i' era, expectation of more companies, less than expected recovery in storage markets, slower rate of ddr5 penetration, less than expected expansion of new products, Sino-Soldier International Securities Inc.
Qualifying for portfolio investment consulting operations