Quarterly performance continued, with rapid growth in new “power” products Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) on the evening of 5 July 2024, fuelling the technology announcement's semi-annual performance forecast for 2024, 2024
Operating income of 928 million yuan, an increase of 82.59 per cent over the same period; net profit of 360 million yuan to the mother in a single quarter, an increase of 479 times ~ 5.44 times over the same period; net profit of 315 million ddr5 from the non-return to the mother in a single quarter, a continuous increase in quarterly performance
Compared to the trend of 300 deep companies, the technology 2q24 earns 928 million yuan, an increase of 82.6 per cent and the ring 25.8 per cent;
63% – 64%, with a further rise in the ring ratio; and the capture of server platform product lines, which generated $91 million, an increase of 91% compared to 91%, an increase of 133% compared to the ring, and the repair of the business lines. The company’s growth dynamics, on the one hand, are based on demand for memory interfaces and module packages.
Recoverive growth, the ddr5 downstream penetration rate and the dddr5 sub-alternate continued to advance, with the company ddr5 second generation of rcd chips delivered in excess of the first generation of rcd chips in the first half of 2024; on the other hand, the company benefited from a wave of the ai industry, with three high performance “activities”
The new chip product is growing rapidly, with a combined sales income of about 130 million yuan for 2q24, the ring comparison with the ddr4 generation, and the ddr5 replacement speed is significantly faster, and the faster the sub-delegate, the pattern of the memory interface chip industry, will be more conducive to maintaining the average sales price of the product.
Māori Rates. The company was the lead developer of the international standards for memory interface chips industry and ddr5rcd chips, and the ddr5 second generation rcd chips led the industry in the scale and took up the third generation of rcd chips and launched the ddr5 fourth generation of rcd chips in January 2024.
Continued penetration of ddr5 and iterative upgrading help companies secure revenue from sales of ddr5-related products and contribute to new products, long-term space to be expected 1) pcletimer chip: benefiting from the high demand for global ai servers and the corporate market
The share has risen, and the company's pcieretamer chip output has grown rapidly, with about 300,000 in the second quarter, following a quarterly improvement in business performance in the first quarter of 2024, with ddr5 starting at about 150,000 per quarter.
2) mrcd/mdb chip: A high-bandwidth memory module that benefits from the ai and high-performance calculations for higher bandwidth memory modules 2. Quarterly continuous growth in performance, drive by ddr5 rotation, with a high-bandwidth memory module for the server collating mrcd/mdb chip starting in
Mainstream cloud computing/Internet vendor size trial, company mrcd/mdb chip sales 3. Server cpu continues to overlap, memory interface cores fast-growing revenue, and sales revenue for the first time exceeded 20 million yuan in the first quarter of 2024
After the currency, sales in the second quarter generated more than 50 million yuan. 3) ckd chip: the company's ckd chip was first tested in industry in April 2024, facilitated by trends in the aipc industry, and the client's new cpu platform (support for memory rate)
For 6400mt/s), release time is approaching, the relevant memory module manufacturer begins bulk procurement of ckd chips for stock preparation, the company ' s ckd chip starts to be delivered in size in the second quarter of 2024, and sales revenue for the first time exceeds 10 million yuan in a single season.
As ddr5 penetration increases, so does the volume of packaged chips, and industry tam will grow significantly, and company “power” chips such as pcle 5.0 retimer, mrcd/mdb, ckd chips will start to be delivered on a scale, and we will raise the company's profit forecast.
The server/pccpu has not progressed as expected; ddr5 penetration is not as high as expected; new technologies should not be used as expected; geopolitics affect supply chain stability; and market competition has increased.
The data and information used in this report are made available independently and objectively, using legally compliant information, without any assurance of the accuracy or completeness of such information or of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.