The Internet chip lead company, 24h1, has achieved a high rate of growth in technology (6880808), the semi-annual review in 2024.
Recoverive growth in the beneficiary server industry, with 24q2 companies achieving a significant year-on-year increase in business performance. Chen Wei Guang+9.55pt. The global integrated circuit industry recovered during the reporting period and benefited from a strong one.
The global server industry has maintained a high level of demand, and in the first quarter of 2023, the Global Server Market Report showed that, in the first quarter of 2024, there were thousands of servers in the world, an increase of 5.9 per cent over the same period.
The retimmer chip, mxc chip, cpu, and mixed security memory modules are the main factors that should lead to a similar and significant increase in the temperature and profitability of the second quarter of the year. The memory interface chip industry has a strong lead, and the pcierettimer chip creates a new growth point.
The Division, a leading industry in the global memory interface industry, is at a global lead in terms of technical strength and market size, leading the development of multi-dddr5 memory interface chip standards, including ddr5rcd chip and mdb chip, and actively participating in ddr5ckd chip and dddr5 memory module packages
Chip standard setting. In October 2021, the company produced ddr5 first generation memory module chips and memory module packages; in May 2022, the company took the lead in testing ddr5 second generation rcd chips; in October 2023, the company produced ddr5 third generation rcd chips in industry.
Test-in; in January 2024, the company launched the fourth ddr5 generation rcd chip, which supports a rate of 7200 mt/s; the company is currently developing the ddr5 fifth generation rcd chip. Market share. For generations, the company continues to lead, and the market share of the memory interface chip remains stable.
The ddr5 series memory module provides complete memory interfaces and modular package chip solutions, one of the two companies that currently offer a full set of solutions worldwide: the pcieretamer chip, in the pcie 4.0 era, three companies that have a global mass pcie 4.0 retimer chip.
First, in the pcie 5.0 era, the company produced a pcie 5.0/cxl2.02 retimer chip in January 2023, the second producer of the product in the world. The company's self-researched pcieserdesip has been successfully applied to pcie 5.0/cxl2.0 retimer, and self-researching has brought about good integration.
Based on these competitive advantages, the company's pcierenemer chip is gaining the approval of a growing number of customers and downstream users, delivering on a larger scale from the first quarter of 2024 and doubling its delivery in the second quarter.
The company now has two main product lines, interconnected chip lines, and twirling server platform lines.
The products consist mainly of memory interface chips (including mrcd/mdb chips), memory module support chips, ckd chips, pcierettimer chips, mxc chips, etc., and velocity server platforms, including cpu and mixed safe memory modules (hsdimm).
In the first half of 2024, R & D costs $367 million, an increase of 21.16 per cent over the same period the previous year, with 11 patents for corporate mandated inventions. In the 'i' era, computer “calculus” and “suspension” demand grew rapidly, and the system created a higher demand for “power”.
Companies that provide high performance “power” in computing and intelligence, and that have a large number of high-speed interconnectivity chip products from companies, will play an important role in the future era of artificial intelligence. Note: “Market index” for this rating system,a with a reference point of 300 in depth, and a new three-board reference point.
The owner is only fit to use a study with a risk level not higher than “middle and low risk”, a study with a “stable” investor only for a risk level not higher than “medium risk”, a study with a “positive” investor only for a risk level not higher than “medium and high risk”, a study with a “radical” investor who is fit to use the various risk levels of our Division, who has the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association to consult on securities investment, and is known independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner.
This report is presented within the context of the circumstances. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in the present report and have not used it.