The company issues a voluntary disclosure announcement of an increase in its performance in the year and year 2024.
Recoverive growth in demand, higher downstream penetration of ddr5, higher volume of new products, etc., corporate gains of 24h1 and an increase of 79.49 per cent, of which revenues from the sale of interconnected chip lines are estimated at $1,528 million, and a new high in the history of single-quarter non-mortality net profit deductions by companies.
The data centre’s recovery has led to a recovery of memory interfaces and modular packages, with ddr5 penetration continuing to evolve. With ddr5 downstream penetration rising and dddr5 sub-alternate advancing, 24h1 company ddr5 second-generation rcd chips have delivered more than the first generation of rcd chips, thus contributing to a steady growth in corporate revenue.
The recovery in the industry is also continuing, as the 24-h-1 harvest of 2,370 million new currency, an increase of 75.59 per cent, of which 505 million in June, an increase of 123.02 per cent and an increase of 15.96 per cent. According to the UC consultancy, there were good procurement moves by oems and csps based on the import of new server platforms.
Strength, in addition to the well-known demand for the i-server order, will benefit more in the near future from the power driven by the bidding project, and the need for the i-guided storage server to boost the performance of the second quarter, which will continue into the third quarter, with an estimated 4-5% increase in the third quarter. The dram bits will deliver better than originally expected, with a ratio of ddr5
In the third season, it will be raised to 60%. New products on both ends and clouds will continue to function, taking advantage of the ai highlands to protect the long-term.
Total sales revenue is about 130 million yuan, and the ring growth is significant. 1) pcieretamer: benefiting from the high demand for global ai services and the rising market share of the company ' s pcieretamer chips, which grew rapidly, and after 24q1 of about 150,000, 24q2 of about 300,000. 2) mrcd/mdb: benefiting ai et al.
High performance calculations drive the demand for higher bandwidth memory modules, coupled with service high-bandwidth memory modules that magnify mrcd/mdb chips The high-bandwidth memory module started testing mainstream cloud computing/Internet vendor size in the country and abroad, and the company ' s mrcd/mdb chip sales revenue grew rapidly, with 24q2 earning more than RMB 50 million.)ckd:
The company took the lead in piloting the ckd chip in industry in April of 24 April, benefiting from the impetus of the trend in the aipc industry, and the client ' s new cpu platform, which supports the RAM rate of 6400 mt/s, is approaching, with the Ckd chip of 24q2 starting to be delivered on a scale that for the first time exceeds 10 million yuan in sales revenues in a single quarter.
Considering the recovery of storage and data centre demand, the increase in demand for interconnected products in the 'i' era, and the expectation of companies that the recovery of the storage market would not be as fast as expected, the slowdown in the ddr5 penetration rate, and the failure of new products to expand as expected.
S.A.I.S.I.C. is qualified for portfolio investment consulting.