2021H1 performance meets expectations, and the momentum for subsequent development is high.
As the low base effect faded over the same period last year, the performance of q2 this year grew slightly less than q1. Overall, 2021h1, the company operated robustly, and the net profits of the core pharmaceutical industry continued to grow. Of this, the subsidiary gold racing medicine industry achieved revenues of 3,788 million yuan and net profits of 1,859 million yuan; and the subsidiary 100 grams.
Biological income was 582 million yuan and net profit was 138 million yuan; the subsidiary Waxcom Pharmacy earned income by roe (ttm) and the subsidiary Kimi Pharmacy performed well and the growth hormone market remained relatively large.
The minimum price in December is to some extent a disincentive to the sale of growth hormones. As the coverage of the new crown of vaccines rises, the epidemic subsides, and the depressed growth hormone demand accelerates its release in the second half of this year.
Beyond the recovery of demand, the share of long-acting growth hormones will gradually rise in the context of economic development and rising consumption trends, driving corporate income growth. According to company announcements, there are currently about 6-7 million people in need of growth hormone treatment, while the market penetration of growth hormones is still low, public.
On the other hand, the company is actively expanding growth hormone adaptive disorders, with two new adaptive disorders approved in the first half of 2021, and several adaptive research and development projects have entered the ii, ii/iii or iii clinical trials, including those of children younger than the birth age (sga), special dwarfs (iss),
Child growth disorders due to the prader-willi syndrome (pws), the Turner policy and accompanying measures to accelerate the growth of the auxiliary reproductive market, and the restructuring of human ovarians will benefit from the industrial dividend. At the same time, the company is the only reorganiser that promotes ovarian hormones.
The company’s 100-gram biovaccine operation has been temporarily blocked, but there is much room for the future. (1) 2021 h1, due to the country’s concentration on mass vaccination of new crown vaccines, medical personnel and resources are relatively scarce for water.
There is a certain amount of delay in the vaccination of pox, which is expected to return to normal gradually in the second half of the year. The company performed better in terms of market occupancy rates. 100 grams of biopoxins were issued in 2021 at 32.37 million batches (as of August 15, 2021), representing 36.2% of the market, up 4.2% from last year ' s full year level.
Only 1526,000 vaccines were issued nationwide (as of 15 August 2021), about 2.2 per cent of last year’s total, and it is expected that, on the eve of the influenza pandemic, the domestic dose of influenza vaccine will gradually be released, and the company’s nose-infested influenza vaccine will show up. (3) 100-gram organisms landed successfully in June 2021.
The company still owns 41.54% of 100 grams of living organisms. 100 grams of biological listings will accelerate the process of research and development, in which research on a product-banded herpes-retoxification vaccine is expected to become a new generation of company stars.
The company's 2021 rating system's “market index” benchmark is expected to be 300 indexes of depth. I have a qualification or considerable professional competence from the Chinese Securities Association to consult on securities, and I have a hard-working, professional attitude and an independent and objective presence.
This report is produced with knowledge. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.