The growth hormones are growing at a very high rate, and the vaccine plate is on the horizon.
H1 has maintained a high rate of growth and steady growth in business capacity The company achieved a high rate of growth in its 202H1 performance, with a revenue of 2,682 million yuan (+18.88 per cent) in the first quarter of q2 (+45.11 per cent) and a continued high rate of growth in q2. The company ' s sales of 2021h1 Māori rate was 87.89 per cent.
Product block upgrades are related to the promotion of the growth hormone long-acting new agent type, with a sales cost of 27.35 per cent (4.29 ptt) and a management cost of 4.63 per cent (-0.98 ptt) and further improvements in the company’s business capacity.
The Golden Race Pharmaceuticals industry achieved business income of 3,788 million yuan (+49.42%), with a net profit of 1,859 billion yuan (+60.04%) and a high growth rate. Growth hormones are on track for the treatment of child dwarfs in the country, but the penetration rate is still huge, and the expansion of new adaptive disorders is expected to grow.
The hormonal market adds a new round of growth curves. The growth hormone product is unique, has a high peak, is more difficult to collect, and the price system is stable.
The company’s industrial coverage has been further enhanced by the accumulation of good brand images and the promotion of new products such as the lack of adult growth hormones, osteoporometers, and children’s nutrients.
100 grams of bioresearch and development pipelines are well-structured, vaccine plates are stable, vaccine plates are stable, and the future of vaccine plates is expected to generate $582 million (-1.62 per cent) in operating income from 20021h1 100g organisms, with a net profit of $138 million.
(33.71%). q2 quarter is affected by the nationwide vaccination of the new crown, and the strain on the facilities of the CDCs and vaccination staff has led to a decline in sales of the company ' s vaccine against pox. It is expected that, as the new crown is slowing down, the sales of 21H2 will rebound and the company ' s exclusive nose is sprayed.
The vaccine is expected to be released at 21h2. The company rabies vaccine is expected to resume production in the near future after technological upgrading; the vaccine with herpes is expected to be marketed in 2022, and the vaccine is still missing in the country.
Multi-products, such as a hundred white-collar component vaccine, and oncological vaccines, are expected to fill domestic gaps in the future, or replace existing varieties. Companies have significant advantages as growth hormone poles, and are expected to continue to benefit from growth hormone market penetration.
The long-term dividend of rising rates and adaptive expansion, the abundance of vaccine pipelines, and the prospect of growing multiplicity of products Industry policy risks, less advanced R & D of new products, increased risk of future competition in products, and risk of policy change in the health sector.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report were based on compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly reflects my research views and makes reasonable judgements that lead to conclusions that are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.I.S.S.C. has the qualifications for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.C.C.
A basic form of enquiry is the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related effects of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, etc.