Resource and Environmental Research Centre, effective control of non-oil costs, resulting in a high yield of 2018h1 and an operating income of $6,422 million from China Air, an increase of 11.96 per cent; net return to the mother
34.69 billion yuan, or 427 per cent more; net gain of 3,135 million yuan, or 3.81 per cent less, from the same period; major incremental revenue from passenger power inputs, with a small drop in passenger occupancy rates and robust passenger-kilometre earnings.
1. "Men ' s net profits increased significantly by 79 per cent, relative to RMB 100 million; the level of earnings decreased by RMB 70 million on a year-on-year basis; the increase in the cost of shipping oil was significant and the cost of withholding oil was effectively regulated.
The four-quarter delay of year-round performance, with 2018 fares to initiate the “optimal fleet operation” exercise, with the daily utilization rate rising from 9.47 hours in the same period last year to 9.54 hours. With the exception of the cost of aviation oil, the main cost-end increases are lower than the ask acceleration and operational efficiency.
3. High Quality Routes: A Resource Rich, An Absolute Quality of Gains Improved Overlaying of Overall Air Range (+9.34%) and a 4% reduction in the cost of non-air oil per unit as compared to the same year. Exchange rate sensitivity is decreasing and investment returns are increasing the profit from withholding.
The 1 per cent fluctuation will result in an increase or decrease in the net profits of the company in the current period of $235 million, down from the same period last year 4.
The net exchange loss was $518 million, with a net gain of $1,270 million during the same period last year. After the deduction, the company ' s profits totalled $5,514 million, an increase of 42 per cent, mainly as a result of increased profits from the Mountain Shipping Group and Shandong Aviation, which increased the return on investment.
The company has a high-quality commercial passenger base on domestic routes, and the international route is the first to be deployed, with scarce rights to international first-line cities like Los Angeles and New York: but the company's main base is Beijing Airport next year.
New airports are in operation, competition patterns have changed or changed. Companies are forecasted to have over-expected devaluation of the renminbi between 2018 and 2020, higher oil prices, security accidents, bad weather, etc.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment