Airfields 601021.sh Long-term competitiveness rating: higher than industry average
Company q3 has recorded a single-season net profit of up to $634 million, and we have followed the latest changes in the company’s operations and looked ahead to future operations. The fine management has shown remarkable results, and the international warming is clear: this year’s rate of return has risen significantly.
The main reason for the significant increase in performance in the third quarter was that domestic and regional increases exceeded 15%. In October, the return to international warming provided a new boost to performance growth, with fares rising by more than 10% on a year-on-year basis, while Japan’s passenger rate had been negatively reversed, and South Korea’s flight rate had narrowed to 5%.
Within, the international route ask now accounts for about 30 per cent of the company's total investment, the Japanese-Korean route accounts for over 10 per cent, the base figure caused by the international market crash in the second half of last year, the recovery of the international route for the company throughout the year, and two more awaiting approval, the slowest year the company will have to move in the next three to five years, the opposite.
It is expected that next year's company ask and 2.
Māori in the market is limited; at the same time, in the stock market, it is beneficial for companies to continue to raise their guest rates and to use the advantages of fine management to continuously improve their profitability. At the same time, companies are gradually optimizing the international airline network, 3.
To optimize the structure of the route, companies can effectively improve the efficiency of aircraft use and further reduce unit costs. There are medium- and long-term expectations, and time-consuming periods for good development: currently due to airport time constraints,
The market is more pessimistic about the potential for low-cost aviation to develop in our country, where the share of the global market for low-cost aviation has increased to 30 per cent, with only about 10 per cent in our country.
5. The expansion of the fleet has led to a shift to domestic-large-cost control and management teams, with high operational efficiency and good momentum in low-cost aviation. After investment and time-use in infrastructure, such as Beijing II in 2019, the rate of success has been low.
The expected improvement in the industry’s environment, the continued demand for aviation, as a low-cost aerobics, and spring and autumn aviation, which is our low-cost aviation leader, has a market-accepted business model. International lines have recovered.
Warm, concentrated transports are introduced into gradual digestion, and the harvest starts to grow at a high rate.
Low-cost aviation policies have not advanced as expected, oil prices have risen significantly, disease and severe weather effects, etc. Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, and then averaged the final rating as average market investment
Long-term competitiveness ratings focus on the enterprise’s fundamentals, judging the overall competitiveness of the company over the next two years against the average value of the listed company in the industry.
The total net profit of the ticket is divided between the total market value of the rounded up on the day the transaction is reported and the net profit of the prior year.