Aerodrome (601021.sh) Airfields have been very well managed, growing at a very good rate in a single season.
Long-term competitiveness rating: higher than industry average. Companies achieved operating income of $8,423 million in the first three quarters of 2017, an increase of 28.4 per cent in the same year; achieved a net return of $1,188 million for the mother, an increase of 1.6 per cent in the same year, with a revenue of $148 per share.
Fine management improves the quality of returns and yields continue to grow at a high rate: in the first three quarters, company ask ask increased by 17.1%/rpk a year a year a year a year a year a year a year a year a year a year a 1.7 pts a year a year lower. The drop in company guest rates is due to a change in the company’s low-price proding strategy, which, through fine-tuning management, has begun to occur.
Domestic resource mismatch markets raise fares, convert excessive guest rates into returns, and achieve good results during the season, with a 28.9 per cent increase in the q3 battalion year-on-year rate, which is much higher than the rpk increase. Cost controls are in place, with a significant increase in single-season performance: q3 oil prices remain above 10 per cent for the year-on-year increase, leading to an increase of more than 10 per cent.
1. The bottom-down performance point is now, with a sustained recommendation for spring and fall aviation-gi to increase the cost of a single season by 27.2 per cent over the same period, with an increase in the cost per unit kilometre. However, other cost items are more well regulated, with higher yield quality, with a 25.1 per cent increase in the q3 Māori rate.
Adjustment Strategies to the Market, Māori Decline Low Performance - Eventually, company q3 recorded a net profit of 630 million yuan, a significant increase of 47.6 per cent over the same period, and a net interest rate 3.
The excellent three-quarter performance boosted the company’s performance in the first three quarters from negative to negative. Optimizing the route structure and maintaining a balanced development at the national and international levels: In 2017, the company gradually revised the 2016 country 4.
In response to the high demand in the domestic air market, companies adjusted their routes in a timely manner to channel 85 per cent of the additional capacity into the domestic market, resulting in a larger share of domestic routes ask than in the late last year.
In addition, the company is gradually optimizing the network of international routes, which are partially offline from the country, and the less profitable second- and third-line international line of cities, while expanding the coverage of international routes to spread the risks. Optimizing the structure of the route would make it easier for the company to use aircraft more efficiently.
Spring and fall Air is our low-cost aviation leader, and the business model is recognized in the market. The international line is warm, the concentration of power is introduced into the digestion process, and the harvest begins to grow at a high rate.
So, Su Bao-Lung, Huang Van-Yan, macroeconomic downturns, low-cost aviation policies, disease and severe weather effects, etc., are not moving as fast as expected.
Appendix: Summary of forecasts of three statements Analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market, after which the final rating is calculated on average and used as average market investment
Long-term competitiveness ratings focus on the enterprise’s fundamentals, judging the overall competitiveness of the company over the next two years against the average value of the listed company in the industry.
The total net profit of the ticket is divided between the total market value of the rounded up on the day the transaction is reported and the net profit of the prior year.