Spring and fall Aviation (601021) Transport q3 performed well and revenue management started to work, and the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
Incidents: 3-quarter reports issued by companies in 2017. Business income of $8.42 billion was realized in the first 3 quarters of 2017, an increase of 28.4 per cent in the same year; net profit of $1.19 billion was realized in the same year, an increase of 1.6 per cent in the same year; net profit of 10.7 billion was deducted from net profit of non-repatriated mothers, an increase of 77.7 per cent in the same year, q3 returns of $3.36 billion in the single quarter, an increase of 28.9 per cent in the same year.
At a high base, the domestic ask growth rate was smooth and the international ask rate slowed down. During the reporting period, the company ask grew by 17.1% compared to the same period last year, reaching 8.86 billion kilometres, of which the domestic route ask was 5.95 billion.
In the same period last year, the ask base was higher because of centralized delivery, but the high base that was dropped last year did not yield much, mainly because of misallocation resulting in flight scheduling and ticket sales occurring in a short period of time.
The pressure has not maximized the gains, and this year, despite the ask slowdown, the corresponding returns have been of better quality. Companies have adopted a positive season marketing strategy to reach 806 billion km, an increase of 15.0% compared to the previous period, of which 5.49 billion are in the country, an increase of 23.5% compared to the previous year.
The average occupancy rate during the reporting period was 90.9%, with a drop of 1.9 percentage points, of which the domestic rate was 92.2%, a decrease of 2.7 percentage points, and the international rate, but the increase in the rpk was sufficient to compensate for the initial success of revenue management.
This percentage point is mainly due to the fact that the growth in unit income can be offset significantly by higher costs associated with higher oil prices and higher airport charges. Corporate subsidy revenues during the reporting period amounted to $183 million, a 22.4% increase over the previous three quarters, as the net value of Japan’s investments in spring and fall has been zero, and the loss on its investments is no longer recognized.
For the time being, corporate strategic adjustments are beginning to yield results, winding up profits, and there has been a marked increase in domestic earnings. In the long run, the company, as the leader of private aviation, will move into a fast and long term, and this time will raise the company’s profit forecast.
1. Spring and autumn Air (601021): As a private airline, but also as a low-cost airline, the company is strictly available in shares.
Short-term performance fluctuations 2. Spring and fall aviation (601021).
However, given the demand for low-cost aviation generated by rising consumption, and taking into account the company's proximity to large cities, scenario 1: Māori rates for company passenger transport are high as a result of rising crude oil prices and rising landing fees, but cost control has been one of the most important for low-cost airlines, assuming that Māori rates will remain at 10 per cent in 2017, 2018, 2019 due to income ends.
Assumption 2: the number of kilometres (ask) available to the company is maintained at about 18 per cent per year, and the passenger turnover (prk) is maintained at around 18 per cent; Assumption 3: there is no significant change in the company's three rates.
On the basis of the above assumptions, we project the cost of sub-operational income of the company for 2017-2019 in the following table:
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.