The company released its 2019 fast report, which generated $5.34 billion in operating revenue for the year.
Realising operating income of $1.80 billion, an increase of 33.4% over the same period; net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies of $150 million, an increase of 88.0% over the same period. There was a contraction in automobile sales in 20194, with some of the company’s new orders, new product volumes, and high growth in performance exceeding our expectations.
The beneficiary city warms up and new orders are being placed, with a rapid increase in performance of 2019q4. According to the Sino-Association data, the volume of car sales fell by 9.6 per cent in 2019, while part of the company ' s auxiliary model fell and received 1.2 per cent in the year as a whole; the company ' s research and development investment in new technologies and products and new projects led to their repatriation.
Corporate revenue was projected to be higher than the previous +33.4 per cent, owing mainly to the increase in the company ' s complement in the car market, the increase in the volume of new orders and new products produced by some of its customers, and a significant increase in net profit from the same year, which is expected to be due mainly to the rapid growth in operating income and the recognition of deferred income tax assets. In 2019, the company continued to optimize its customer structure and successfully opened up a toyota, Chang Anfort, Lexas, daf, etc.
New customers, and new orders from many good car companies like the Volkswagen, the Volkswagen, the Toyota, the Jili, the Volkswagen, and others. Despite the impact of the epidemic, short- and long-term vehicle sales are under pressure, the medium- and long-term rebound will continue, and the company’s earlier research and development investments will be reaped.
In the case of smart drivers, the Division's fully automated parking system based on visual and ultrasound integration has been built on Chirry's Starway, Gilly's Day, and so on.
A platform order containing full automatic parking and passenger parking was obtained, with production planned for 2021; the L3-level autopilot computing platform, developed in collaboration with the pelican car, will be produced in 2020; 77g mm wave radar has reached a quantifiable conversion.
The goods have been targeted by the international branded car factory project, with production planned for 2020; and the total market value of a car network platform, ota, scenario intelligence, etc., for customers such as the general public, Chirette Leopard, Chang Anmazuta, etc. (million yuan)
In the case of smart cockpits, the company’s products have been matched by a three-month average turnover (million yuan) per day in cars and homes, and sales and orders are expected to increase continuously.
The company’s forward-looking layout is expected to benefit from the net debt ratio (%) (2020e).
The system of semi-intelligent automobiles will be basically formed; the standard Chinese smart car system was built and improved from 2035 to 2050. The Strategy proposes to break through key basic technologies and drive high-precision vehicle sensors, car code chips, smart operating systems, vehicle smart terminals, smart computing platforms, etc.
Using market prices on February 27, 2020, product R & D and industrialization to encourage parts and components enterprises to gradually become integrated providers of critical smart car systems, etc., the smart network automobile industry is expected to accelerate, with companies leading and looking forward to automobile electronics.
Desecway - promising performance, smart driving, leading car electronics, promising prospects in areas such as smart network, promising performance with the city.
Rehearsal to improve and maintain a higher rating. 1) Market sales are below expectations; 2) auto-drive R & D and volume production are not as fast as expected.
S.A.I.S.I.C. is qualified for securities investment consultancy.