Three-quarterly review of Consumable Consumer Services: a strong and strong champion of healthy growth tax-exempts event: the company published a three-quarterly report in 2019, and the company achieved a gross revenue during the reporting period
Tax-exempt income has been growing rapidly. q3 revenue growth has been largely influenced by the February Hostel General's presentation, which estimated the company's growth rate of 24 per cent for q3 battalion after the tourism business's impact was deducted. Net profits have increased by 17 per cent, largely in line with expectations.
Sales of 2.08 billion/+33.3 per cent continued at a high rate of increase; Shanghai airport was expected to grow 15 per cent in revenue from q3 as the impact of destinations such as Hong Kong and Taiwan slowed; capital airport revenue remained at about 10 per cent; and White Cloud airport continued to grow at a high rate due to expansion and upgrading of operating capacity
The overall market value/flow ratio (million yuan) has increased significantly over the same period, and the tax-free Maori rate has fallen slightly.
q3 Company after the increase in the cost of incoming goods due to exchange rate changes and the increase in the expected tax-exempt operations
The cost of sales has increased considerably, and the management rate has decreased.
31.25 per cent/+7.22pc; continuous optimization of corporate management efficiency and management cost rates
The cost rate is 33.34%/+7.73pc; the management rate is 3.04%/-0.3pc; and the financial cost rate.
The demand is growing, and tax-exempt policies in the city are expected to accelerate. The company’s future focus is on the untying of duty-free shops in the city, the uninjection of the sea and the expansion of overseas markets, which continue to fall short of expectations, owing to bad weather and events.
Three-quarterly review: the strong champions of smooth growth tax-exempts, the South China salesman, Zhang Wenting.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.