Company review report  Catering tourism industry Wednesday, 30 October 2019 focused on tax-exempt operations, three quarters performing well.
On 30 October, the Chinese National Brigade issued the tri-quarter report of 2019, which achieved a business income of 35.584 billion yuan in the first three quarters of 2019, an increase of 4.35 per cent in the same year; realized a net profit of 4,196 million yuan in the same year, an increase of 55.09 per cent in the same year; and realized a net non-repatriation of the company from its travel agency operations since February 2019, owing to the heavy assets, heavy manpower, low Maori and low growth in travel agency operations.
Long business, therefore, stripping the travel agency from its business benefits from improved corporate financial indicators in terms of financial indicators. Corporate revenue growth slowed on a year-on-year basis, while the Māori rate rose significantly, from 51.16 per cent in the first three quarters of 2019 to 41.38 per cent in the same period the previous year, an increase of 9.78 pt. From an operational point of view, focusing on tax-free business and catching consumption upgrades and consumption returns.
During the reporting period, the State Treasury Committee of the State Council of Corporate Controls transferred 10% of the shares of the company’s controlling shareholder, China Tourism Group, to the Social Security Foundation without compensation.
This transfer has not led to changes in the firm's real owners. The Social Security Fund has taken over State equity, which can lead to the diversification of State entrepreneurship, improved corporate governance, and the exploration of state-owned equity markets with concerns about the impact of shopping festivals such as “double 11” on tax-free sales, but we are optimistic.
It's been a long time, as in the case of Skycat “Bing 11” this year, and the “Bing 11” fire scene of the past year has not affected tax-exempt annual high growth in sales; and, secondly, the pulse, impulse and tax-free consumption patterns differ substantially from those of consumer decision-making, shopping patterns, duty-free shopping based on the accompanying behaviour of entry and exit, and the number of exits and exits has increased.
(b) Third, at the level of national policies to encourage consumption, tax exemption assumes the burden of leading consumption back, in other words, exemption.
The company will invest $12.86 billion in the construction of the Haiguchi International Free City project, the first of which will include tax-free business complexes, public apartments, and housing, to be completed in 2022.
The project is expected to return funding quickly, thus putting less pressure on overall funding. In 2018, the TA/TA tax-free income as a percentage of total tourism revenue was 7/15%, and when the project was completed, it was expected that the size of the tax-free income off the island would increase considerably.
The company’s tax-exempt business is growing steadily, and the country’s tax-exempt market accounts for more than ever.
The company's focus on tax exemptions, and the policy gains are expected to open up the growth gap, opening up the city's stores to the country's citizens, paying for the delivery of goods from the airport, and the city's shop policy is expected to break through, bringing about a breakthrough in the 2019-9-2 ratio.
Large increases in revenue have led to a significant improvement in corporate performance. Companies are actively promoting internationalization, and tax-free business maps are expected.
1) The international political and security situation has affected the entry and exit tourism; 2) the exchange rate of the renminbi has fluctuated significantly; 3) the number of duty-free passenger flows from Hainan Island has increased and the business analysis and revelation of dufry has not been as long as expected; and 4) the new airport shop has not been sold as much as expected.
No change will occur. We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information purposes only, and the information or observations in the report are given.
There is no interest in evaluating or recommending securities. My companies and their associated institutions may hold and trade securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to offer investment banking services or other services.