• Maintenance of purchases, as expected: the Chinese National Brigade achieved a revenue of $35,580 million in the first and third quarters of the year, an increase of 4.3 per cent, and a net profit of $4.2 billion.
This represents a 55.1 per cent increase in the same year and a 27 per cent increase in the net profit after deduction of 3.42 billion dollars, an increase of 9.78 pct in the same year. The negative increase in income of 30 is still measured as a result of the removal of travel agency operations and the smooth operation of tax-free operations. Of these, Root, according to the Customs Department of China, 2.68 million duty-free purchases from Sanya Island, a 30 per cent increase in sales.
At the airport duty-free shop, 30 passengers at Shanghai Airport are growing at a slower rate, with an equivalent increase of 2.63 per cent in the 30-month period, affected by typhoons, reduced arrivals, and a larger airport.
With the opening of the airport, the revenue from the tax-free shop has increased at a slower rate than in the first half of the year;
On the cost side, the increase in the airport ' s withholding points has led to an expected increase in the cost of sales, with a combined 3q fee of 36.88 per cent, an increase of 7.47 pct over the same period, with an increase in the cost of sales from 7.73 pct to an increase in the share of high Maori tax-free sales after leaving the travel agency.
9.8 pc to 51.4 per cent of the ring ' s Māori rate has been slightly reduced, procurement costs have been reduced by the devaluation of the renminbi, which has led to the opening of tax-free stores in the city during the previous three quarters. In May, four duty-free shops opened in Beijing, Qingdao, Xiamen, Dalian and in Shanghai in August, mainly because of the current targeting of tax-free shops in Shanghai.
Foreign visitors to Hong Kong and Hong Kong have not yet been opened to foreigners and their performance has been inadequate. Companies have now acquired the right to operate duty-free airports at major hubs in the country, with strong short- and medium-term leadership and institutional investors as a share of the circulation stock.
In the long run, the tax-free shop bidding policy has been somewhat liberalized, but it still focuses on the combined strength of the bidders, with the firm’s competitive advantage being prominent. The expectation of a relaxation of the tax-free store’s presence in the city, linked to the airport, is expected to expand the shopping scene in the broader context of a return to consumption, leading to an increase in performance.
38-fold and 34-fold, respectively, for expected remuneration (expected return; er), as follows: _capital€are#22-Teong Hong Kong Shanghai
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong), Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose.