China Travel (601888): Tax exemption from the island is extended to China and China Travel is currently the first duty-free retail in the country.
Incidents: 3-quarterly reports issued by the company in 2019 and 35.580 billion yuan in January-September 2019. The company's operations are dominated by the sale of duty-free goods, mainly in the wholesale, retail and other trades of duty-free goods, including tobacco, alcohol, perfume, etc.
q3 short-term factors were slightly disturbed, leaving the island free of taxes supported by a steady increase in performance. q3-quarter net parent profit of 916 million yuan/+16.6 per cent, net profit of 917 million yuan/+17.2 per cent, excluding the effect of Shanghai on March 2018, and a slight decline in the performance acceleration ring over the first half of the year, with projected pressures
The cost of rent increases and promotion increases in tax exemptions from the island is compounded by the impact of the Hong Kong incident on the company’s duty-free sales at Hong Kong airport.
Of the 2.68 million sales/+29.7%, the sales amount is RMB 92.6 billion/+28.4%, of which the sale value of the tax-free shop at Miayan Bay is RMB 7.05 billion, RMB 16.20 billion, RMB 540 million, and RMB 50 million, respectively.
The rate of increase in the Sea Airport's tax-free camp was slower than in the first half of the year, with Guangzhou White Cloud Airport expected to continue with high growth for the first half of the year, with sales expected to reach $1.82 billion in 2019, and Hong Kong airport traffic falling as a result of the events in Hong Kong, with limited overall impact on duty-free operations.
The airport’s new growth point is to be expected, and attention is to be paid to the process of tax-exempting within the city. At this stage, the demand for tax-exempts is growing rapidly in new cities, and as the country’s approval process progresses, companies are expected to gradually expand the tax-free space of urban airports, which will contribute to the future.
With the liberalization of the tax-free shop policy in Korea, the tax-free policy in our city will effectively absorb the huge demand for the return of overseas consumption. Investment advice: companies’ tax-exempt operations from the island continue to grow at a high rate, with Guangzhou Airport and the new city on the line.
Demand increases bring new growth points, and it is hoped that the market’s policies will open up future growth opportunities for companies. In the future, as tax-exempt business expands, the company’s Māori ratio, which has the advantage of size, will grow into a source of financial prosperity in the East for a long time.
A source of wealth and wisdom in the East, a source of wealth and wisdom in the East, and a source of financial wisdom in the East.
Research in the areas of catering tourism, tax exemption and education.
The main consumption and strategy studies of the Hong Kong Unit are currently focused on consumer services such as education, catering, human resources, etc. The study in the area of drinking tourism is being carried out by Chen Yingyi.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that China Travel (601888): exemption from taxes continues to increase, and the larger the larger the size of the island does not guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points of view and conclusions are in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.