Consumer Upgradation and Recreation Research Centre q3 performed as expected, with a high Māori rate of viewing the company's free track market price (RMB): $91.93.
Roughly $4.196 billion/+55.09 per cent and net profit from non-repatriation of $3.417 billion/+26.90 per cent. Corporate performance was largely in line with expectations, with negative quarterly growth in the bill of collection and the first three quarters growth, mainly due to the General Administration of the Disposing Country, transferring 100 per cent of its equity to the China Travel Group, which holds shareholders (February)
(a) The negative impact of the reduction of tourist arrivals to Hong Kong and Macao in the interior, which is partly added to the negative impact of the reduction of tourist arrivals to Hong Kong, the Shanghai single airport, the regional q3 q3 acceleration - 12.98 per cent, which represents 5.52 per cent/55.09 per cent/26.9 per cent of the airport ' s duty-free traffic (regional + international routes) and the breaking up of the Sanya Sea Bay at a rate of more than 30 per cent;
Sea duty-free shops slowed down to 15 per cent due to the impact of the events in Hong Kong; the capital airport grew by about 20 per cent; Guangzhou 2.
At the end of the year, the company invested $12.86 billion in the construction of the Seagate tax-free city, Beijing, Dalian, Qingdao, Qingdao, Qingjiang, Qingjiang, Hong Kong, Shanghai, etc.
Domestic visitors provide duty-free bookings, and a breakthrough is expected in the country’s pre-departure duty-free shopping policy.
Growth in the Division ' s performance: the Māori rate for the first three quarters was 51.16 per cent/+9.78 ptt, q3 Māori up to 51.40 per cent/+9.75 ptc due to the company ' s bid for tax-free ownership of several airports (capital airport, Hong Kong airport, White Cloud airport, Shanghai airport, etc.) and the scaling up of Māori ratios
It also improves the company’s procurement channels, which are affected by differences in the Māori rate of the class of goods, tax-exempt consumption potential and the sedimentation of overseas consumption returns free of duty at domestic airports or ports, while stock growth remains benign. Tax-exempt scenarios and internationalization continue to expand over the long term, with economies of scale and class adjustments.
The increase in the gross Maori rate has led to support for profit margins, good policies, and a return to consumption. The increase in the gross Maori rate is not as high as expected: the city’s duty-free stores are not as open as expected; the tax-free policy from the island is not as open as expected.
Period; domestic liberalization of tax-free business rights; continuous depreciation of the RMB exchange rate; analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment