The company issued a fast-track performance report of $4.058 billion in 2019, an increase of 22.1 per cent over the previous year; and operating profits.
421 million yuan, an increase of 25.9 per cent in the same year; net profit of 309 million yuan, an increase of 32.3 per cent in the same year, is in line with my rapid growth in the company ' s revenues supported by integrated circuit equipment, with a marked improvement in the micro-income structure of the North.
According to the company's announcement that it was in hand at the beginning of the year, we estimate that the growth in corporate income is mainly due to the use of integrated circuit equipment by the Uttar Pradesh Electronics Company of North China, mainly in 2019, stored in Yangjiang, compost, the Huayun Tin Project, the Tower Semiconductor, Qingjima Harin, Yan Dongwa, etc.
The Cycling Mills are heavily expanded and operational, and the core customers of the North have largely covered the mainland.
The company’s revenue share has exceeded 1/2 and its revenue structure has been optimized. There has been breakthrough progress in the development of high-end integrated circuits equipment, the introduction of a large number of new products to the market and the continued acquisition of orders from large clients in the industry.
Three main aspects were the successful application of the nmc612dicp carving machine to the icrd14nm finfetsadp process and the laying of the ground for entering advanced processes such as 7nm, 5nm, etc., and the company's first winning 3dnand clients' cubspvd devices to break the exclusive appliedmatials.
Monopoly status, expanding the market coverage of the pvd process from around 30% to 100%; third, since the first sales were made in 2018, with a significant increase in advanced production, advanced encapsulation, and 3dnand demand for the ald process in 2019, the company ald equipment may have gained orders from more customers.
According to asmintl, the market for ald is estimated to be about $1.5 billion in size and will grow in the future. Continuing market-based reforms for state-owned enterprises, and more marketable total market value for semiconductor equipment development, manufacturing, marketing, etc. (million yuan)
Fieldization, internationalization. The company innovatively implemented the second stock options and restricted stock incentives scheme, covering employee data, incentives for 9 million shares, and increased the coverage and incentives for employees on an average three-month basis (RMB million).
Strength to effectively motivate management and core cadre staff to inject new net liability ratios for corporate development (%) (2020e) The company ' s R & D progress is not as high as expected and downstream client expansion is not as high as expected.
Bank of China International Securities Inc. is qualified for securities investment consulting business.