We're going to acquire UTO-related assets and upgrade our core technology.
The company announced on 19 March that the wholly-owned company, Xinumi-North, intended to acquire RF-related technology-related assets held by the related party, Beijing-North Guangtech, in the amount of 6.39 million yuan.
North Guangtech is mainly engaged in radio and television transmission equipment, digital television reception equipment, military communications equipment and associated systems integration, and its launch equipment, such as high power shortwaves, medium wave, medium-long wave, ultra-long wave, is at an internationally advanced level, in particular the full-state radio frequency source products applied in the field of scientific research
The Uttar Pradesh microelectronics are the country’s mainstream high-end semiconductor equipment manufacturer, with major products such as etching machines, pvd, cvd, etc., and radio frequency technology is the core technology of the company’s many semiconductor equipment products. This acquisition has helped to raise the level of technology applied to the Uttar Pradesh electronic radio frequency.
The technology development capability of the core application of semiconductor equipment products of powerful companies, driven by the core of R & D, performed as expected in 2019, achieved operating income of $4.058 billion in 2019, compared to 22.10 per cent in 2019, based on the company ' s performance report,
There has been a breakthrough in equipment research and development, with a steady increase in the share of new products. In 2019, the company semiconductor has made a breakthrough in equipment development, with many new products moving to the market and sustaining a steady increase in industry customers.
The completion of the target increase of 2 billion dollars for advanced technological equipment under 28 nm to support future development. The standard increase will help companies to develop and deploy their future semiconductor equipment.
Production of core zero components such as plasma etching (etch), physical gas deposition (pvd), chemical gas deposition (cvd), semiconductor equipment such as oxidation/dissemination, cleaning, de-fired, and gas quality flow controllers, which will further realize the 14nm equipment industry based on 28nm equipment
In 2019, companies implemented the second stock options and restricted stock incentives scheme, targeting core technical talent.
With a total of 444 managers, a total of 9 million shares, or 1.83 per cent of the company's total equity at the time of the announcement.
Equipment (three silicon etchings, three pvds, four repulsions, and two tubes). It is interesting to note that the first Cubspvd equipment to be awarded by Nord-Hawaji has broken the monopoly of amat.
Several production lines, such as the Jet Tower semiconductor, the compost gluten, and Mid-Crys International, have all started the national production equipment procurement week, and each production-line pull effect is expected to be no less than the 2019 level of the Yangtze storage, the pull effect 1.
We think North China is the leader of domestic ic equipment, promising to break through the profit trap, slightly below expectations, and 2 billion fixed increases will contribute less to profit predictions and investment ratings: the company is the leader of Chinese semiconductor high-end equipment in product development.
2- The North China Revolution (002371): Benefited from sustained breakthroughs and expansion of production capacity, with the development of domestic semiconductor industries and semiconductor facilities as a result of deep-benefit plant booms.
Large Fund Expansion to Target the World's First Process 2019-01-08 East Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, already has a Portfolio Investment Advisory Board