New pvd products and new processes in the North have been broken, and the number of products in the market has risen.
Pvd, 3 silicon pit etchings, 4 fire-retarding devices, 2 tile-plated alloy furnaces. Since 2017, North China has stored 56 pieces of process equipment in the cumulative high-bid Yangtze River.
The company accounted for 100% of the client's alpadpvd equipment purchases, 21% of the client's cubspvd, and 12 pieces of process equipment stored at the end of the global pvd market by the appliedmaterials.
Disconnected patterns and major breakthroughs in cupspvd. According to the procurement of pvd equipment by 3dnand clients, the procurement ratio of alpadpvd, cubspvd, hardmaskpvd was 17%, 78%, 5%, and combined with multiple winning data, the company has achieved allpadpvd, cubspvd, hardmaskpvd
The company once again obtained three orders for silicon sink etching equipment, which is second in place for silicon base etching suppliers. Since 2017, North China has acquired a cumulative total of nine orders for silicon etching equipment at 3dnand clients, including eight silicon pit etchings.
A multi-crystal silicon plasma etching device. Of this, the company accounts for 50% of the customer's silicon sink etching equipment, 10% of the client's multi-crysil silicon plasma etching, breaking the global silicon base etching market monopolized by lamresearch, etc. Based on 3dnand clients' procurement of silicon-based equipment, silicon base etching equipment can be classified.
For the six main categories of sti, silicon, multi-crystal silicon, deep-crystal, sequestered etching, procurement rates of 38 per cent, 24 per cent, 14 per cent, 12 per cent, 7 per cent, 5 per cent, combined with multiple winning data, the company only achieved silicon silicon silicon etching, multi-crystal silicon silicon silicon silicon etching, etc., but these two smelting processes were set up.
The demand is 62% of silicon base etching, i.e. $6 billion corresponding to the global market for silicon base etching equipment, and approximately $3.7 billion for North China, covering two types of etching processes. Companies account for up to 58% of recent heat treatment equipment purchases by 3dnand clients.
The cumulative winning bid of 39 heat treatment equipment orders for 3dnand clients was 35 per cent of total heat treatment purchases, after the first supplier, tel. However, the share of North China has reached 58 per cent since the second half of 2019, up from 41 per cent in the previous round.
The amount is 57%, 43%, and the share of the North is 33%, while the share of the oxidation equipment is 38%. According to gartner, the global market for semiconductor heat treatment equipment was $1.5 billion in 2018 and was dominated by three companies, namely, appliedmerials, tel, Hitachikokusaielictric, but a high-end monopoly in the mainland market.
Ald has already been sold and has great potential for the future. According to company announcements, ald was sold in 2018, while in 2019, at the local storage plant, ald had 116 purchases, accounting for one third of the total procurement of cvd.
At present, the global ald market is monopolized by suppliers such as as asm, while the domestic ald market is basically lamresearch,
The company's research and development progress has fallen short of expectations, and downstream clients have not expanded as expected.
Bank of China International Securities Inc. is qualified for securities investment consulting business.