The performance of IT technology hardware and equipment was slightly higher than expected, and internal and external energy for the consolidation of the company's “Cloud + Count”-wide ecological event: the company recently issued its tri-quarter report in 2018 and achieved a single-quarter opening in the third quarter.
This represents an increase of 65.71 per cent and an increase of $0.14 per cent, or 53.25 per cent, for the previous three quarters; at the end of the month, the results of successful tenders for the procurement of 67519 mobile servers in China showed that the company was in the middle of a total of 4.34 billion yuan, of which 50 per cent of the balanced server in its second tranche and 50 per cent of the high-end applications.
The company’s revenue rate has been maintained at around 100% in the first quarter of the year, and is expected to double the annual rate of income growth.
The company has invested heavily in research and development, publishing an openstack-based aai cloud platform. In 2018, in three quarterly reports, corporate R & D investment increased by 172.76 per cent over the same period, focusing on research and development in the ai area.
Total market value/flow (million yuan) The company released a 12-month maximum/minimum floor based on openstack at the August inspurworld 2018 Congress
The one cloud platform, based on the openstack open cloud environment, supports the gpu virtual machine that can allocate resources on a needs basis in multi-tenant form, with built-in caffe-mpi, Wave Information (000977), Wave Information: Stand:
Mainstream in-depth learning frameworks such as tensorlow-opt, cntk, which integrates training data, models, at the top of a new industry growth cycle. Documentation, computational resources, quick and efficient operation and development of aai, further refined
–2018/09/19 “Cloud + Number” wiring.
Equity incentives boost staff morale, and human resources are set up to match business growth. Corporate equity incentives are granted to complete registrations, helping to stimulate staff dynamism.
This growth has led to a corresponding increase in the number of R & D and sales staff, the strengthening of after-sales service capabilities, the uncertainty of 18 years and three years of wide speed and the uncertainty of the growth of the company's overseas market.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.