Coal production continued to grow and non-performance remained robust: on the evening of 30 August 2023, the Shaanxi Coal industry released its semi-annual report, and the company achieved the Luangxi Coal industry in the first half of the year (601225.sh)
Business income increased by 8.13 per cent over the same period by $90,662 million; net return to the mother was $11,579 million, compared with business income of $45,853 million in the second quarter of the same year, an increase of 3.68 per cent over the same period, non-recurring gains and losses resulting in greater fluctuations in performance and a slight decline in corporate non-performance.
The main reasons for the decline in net profit from the previous year were, on the one hand, the higher performance base for the same period and, on the other hand, the lower price of coal and the higher loss of fair value during the first half of the year. The higher performance base during the same period last year was mainly due to the return on investment on the company ' s sale of part of Lungi Green Energy.
As a result of changes in accounting methods for investing in Lungi green energy, companies lost 9.46 per cent of net profits in the first half of the year, depending on the size of the deduction. The net profits of companies declined only slightly in the first half of the year, as a result of the fall in coal prices and the rise in the company’s own production of coal.
Corporate coal production increased steadily. Companies achieved 84,064 million tons of coal production in the first half of the year, and coal production and sales increased on a year-on-year basis, mainly as a result of the gradual release of SMS’s increased production. The first half of the year saw an increase of 7.52% in real yuan/tons, and the full cost of home-grown coal, mainly due to safe production.
In the first half of the year, the company traded 45,799,200 tons of coal, with the same amount of high-quality coal resources in the North, and the future production is expected to be released.
The company is the only large coal conglomerate that has a unique advantage in gaining access to high-quality coal resources in Xinxi Province, as the sole listed coal business of the Qin Coal Corporation. The company has excellent coal quality, with more than 97% of coal resources located in high-quality coal mining areas such as Xinbei and Pingyeon, with fewer natural disasters in general.
At the same time, the company's mines are large modern mines, large and highly automated, with clear cost advantages. With regard to production space, in the short term, small-scale coal mining can generate more and more production, as well as small estates and monstrosity.
The village coal mine is expected to gradually reach production; in the medium term, the company is pushing forward with the growth of Red Willow production capacity; and in the long term, the Trench Rabbits 1 and 3 are now in the process (total 23 million tonnes/year capacity) and the Sinda Stock Company Ltd.
I mean, it's the first building of the 9th House of Gospel Street in Beijing City West Side.
At the same time, the salami coal industry is holding up high-quality coal resources in North China, with a long-term potential for greater production and release space, and a promising future for companies. We expect public risk factors: macroeconomic uncertainty; geopolitical factors affecting the global economy;
Uncertainty in coal- and electricity-related industrial policies; accident of safe production in coal mines, etc. Dr. Zhoming, registered consulting (investment) engineer, deputy general manager of the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, member of the China Geological Minerals Economics Council, expert bank member of the China International Engineering Consulting Corporation, member of the China Price Association's Select Committee on Coal Prices and former member of the China Coal Industry Association
The Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Service (which chaired the workshop) for more than a decade has been involved in research and advisory work in coal and energy-related fields. He has chaired the 13th Five-Year National Coal Survey and Development Planning Study, the revision of the coal industry technology policy and enterprise-related advisory studies. He is responsible for research in the coal sector in June 2016. He is responsible for research on the coal sector.
Li Chunzhi, cfa, member of the China Association of Certified Accountants, Master of Finance, Shanghai University of Finance and Economy, Bachelor of Finance, Nanjing University, formerly a researcher on large energy panels such as securities and natural gas.
In June 2022, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre for research in the coal industry. Qin Ho, a master ' s degree in electricity systems from Austin, University of Texas, United States, with three years of experience in industrial research and electricity marketing reform.
Applied research in virtual power plants, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022 for research in the electricity sector, Xinhang, Master ' s degree in finance at the Australian National University, and Bachelor ' s degree in finance at the Southwest University of Finance and Economics. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for research in the coal and electricity sectors.
Wu Bo-jin, Master of Industrial Economics, Jilin University, July 2022, joined the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre for research in the coal sector Lee-Wing, cpa, Master of Accounting, Esen University of Economics and Management, Germany, September 2022, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre for research in the coal sector Tang Ji-yu, Master of Social Science, Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, and Bachelor of Financial Sciences, University of Foreign Economics, April 2023.
Liu Po, Master of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2023 for research in the coal sector. The components are not, are not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific analytical opinions or views contained in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.