Nvh is growing steadily, and the chassis and light-quantified systems open up medium- and long-term growth space.
We expect the market size of Nvh spares to reach 45 billion in 2020, with companies leading up to Nvh, with products covering the two main categories of shock-reduction and inner cut-off, with technology accumulated for more than 30 years, with high barriers and a production base that is able to respond rapidly to core customer needs worldwide and is deeply tied up.
Core clients, such as ginseng, generics, followed their growth. Corporate nvh Māori rates declined in 2017 due to higher prices of upstream raw materials, but the impact is manageable, and we expect Māori rates for Nvh products to be stable by mid-2018.
The market share of leading firms is expected to rise when the industry moves into a period of low growth maturity. Currently, the market share of Nvh parts in the company is less than 10%, and the space for subsequent growth is still wide.
The chassis and light-quantified systems are key to opening up the company ' s medium-term growth space: the chassis consists of four parts of the drive, drive, switch and brake systems, which account for 25 per cent of the cost of automobile manufacturing, with a higher value, and the company ' s chassis operations include the side-carracks, hangars (control arm, pull-sticks),
The shift to products such as Sections, ibs (including electronic vacuum pumps), based on industry information and supporting experience, is currently worth about $1,500 per vehicle package, with a wide range of potential for later upgrades.
In a race against competitors, the merger of Zhejiang Fordona is expected to provide a diversified choice of high-strength steel, light-quantified aluminium alloys and plans to invest around 2.5 billion dollars over the next few years to expand the field, so the chassis and light-quantified systems are among companies in terms of their development path.
ibs successful calculator track, energy-efficient car-led high growth of the vp: active safety techniques, represented by technology such as smart brakes and car systems, can actively ensure the safety of motor vehicles and the management of their traffic _aaa_Top (601689)
Prevention of accidents, and active safety technologies require smart brakes as an implementing agency in the city _aaa_Top Group (601689).
The Tupou Group, which has ibs in its design and production techniques such as Bo, Continent, Tianctu, is a report on the evaluation of the success of the karate driving competition of the small, autonomous enterprises that develop ibs technology in the country _aaa_Tupou (601689).
Cho Chunling Road, but due to high technology, complex products are expected to be delivered in 2019 in small quantities.
The firm’s vp is growing at a fast rate of five times over four years, and is expected to contribute about $150 million a year in net profits with the public release of 2.6 million sets of vp capacity in 2016. The firm’s robust growth, chassis, and lightly opening up the company’s medium- and long-term growth space and ibs.
(including vp) Business card advantage, with a “buy-in” rating, risk factors: a significant decline in sales by downstream core clients, a greater increase in the price of raw materials leading to Maori pressure, and a surge in capital-led depreciation amortization costs affecting fluctuations in performance.
Established in 1983 and listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange in 2015, the company focuses on auto parts for more than 30 years, with power chassis systems, interior systems, auto electronics and three major clusters, covering seismics and interiors.
Five key performance indicators, e.g. car safety, comfort and environmental protection, in the areas of energy, chassis, light quantification, and intelligent driving systems, have long been dominated by traditional business nvh and have been active in developing modularized manufacturers of the core parts of automobiles that are light, electronic and intelligent.
The company's controlling shareholder, Merco International Holdings (Hong Kong), Ltd., held 478.4 million shares, with 65.75 per cent of the shares, and a steady increase in the market share of 2.1 nvh Parts and components, covering the two main categories of seismic insulation.
Parts and components of car nvh are usually divided into two types of tremors and noise-reduction products. The main types of shock-relief products are rubber-resilient products and spring-resistance-reducing products, of which the rubber-resilient products are most widely distributed throughout the vehicle system and are used for elastic connections and buffers between various structural elements, such as power aggregates, body bodies, chassis, etc.: spring-resistors comprise mainly each.
Class hangar springs and hydraulic cylinders act as a elastic link to the tyre and body and provide resistance. Noise reduction products consist mainly of soundproofing products (often referred to as soundproof products) and sealing products. Soundproof products cover a wide range and are distributed mainly in engine compartments, passenger compartments, baggage compartments and chassis, such as top sheds, main carpets, etc.
Most of the contents are also important components of noise control in vehicles and are therefore often considered for soundproofing in the area of nvh; sealed products are mainly doors, window seals, and are mainly sealed to segregate the air noise.
The company, a leading company in the area of car nvh (shock-reduction, noise-reduction and comfort control), has a domestic lead in synchronizing research and development capability for the entire Nvh system, which has become a collection of global and well-known car manufacturers such as Universal, Chrysler, Odi and mobis (Mobis, Korea), febi (Fibi, Germany), Bentler and other global large parts and components.
The corporate area of nvh consists mainly of two main types of products: rubber decomposition and soundproofing, including the four main series of suspension, tremors, liners and car soundproofing. 2.2nvh parts and components are more spatial and the industry is entering a period of low growth maturity.
Assumptions: 1 that the average price of a company ' s rubber shock products represents average industry prices and maintains a 2 per cent reduction each year; 2 that we expect a domestic market capacity of 18,542 million yuan for rubber shock products in 2018, of which the market capacity of oem is 138.1 billion yuan and the market capacity of am is 4,732 million yuan.
Up to 198.20 billion yuan, of which the market capacity for oem is 14,616 million yuan and the market capacity for am is 5,204 million yuan.The market is negligible after sale because of the low repair possibilities for soundproofing (it is usually only in the case of car accidents that car nvh soundproofing products can be replaced, and therefore the market capacity is very small and negligible)
With a market capacity of 24.876 billion yuan in 2018, the market size is expected to reach $26.196 billion in 2020. This shows that the domestic Nvh component industry has followed the low growth in the downstream automobile industry, which has reached a long later stage, with an annual compound increase of no more than 5 per cent.
In recent years, as a result of good market expansion and the continued boom in downstream sales by high-quality customers, the company Nvh has been growing steadily, with seismometers and soundproof interiors having increased by 15% and 28% annually, respectively, since 2014. Billion dollars, an increase of 44,91% over the same period. And based on the above market size, the market share of the company Nvh business is expected to increase steadily.
2.4 Client resource advantages are evident, with core clients such as Gilly and Generality following growth. Corporate business clients have clear resource advantages, such as Shanghai General, Gilly, Chang Anford, High Air General Mitsubishi, a Volkswagen, Shanghai Motors, a car, Biade, Beijing Mercedes, the Walling Group, Jiang Xiao, Jiang Suzuan.
Cars, Fukudas, Shanghai Exchanges, etc., are mostly located in North America and Europe. Major customers include internationally renowned car manufacturers, such as Klesler, General Motors, Odi, BMW, Febi, Fareo, Avon Metz, Bentler, and other globally known parts and components distributors and system integration suppliers.
Core clients, 1247,000 vehicles in 2017, 63% of the same year, 200.02 million vehicles in upper general purpose sales, 5.99% of the same year, have sustained strong sales-led Nvh business income growth. At present, companies in nvh still dominate the domestic market, accounting for about 70%, but the international market has developed better accordingly. North America and Europe have focused on companies.
In October 2016, the company was notified of the Nvh Global Platform for Universal Gem, with a delivery value of approximately RMB 1.68 billion, and the project is expected to start in March 2019, planning a life cycle of six years, which is another large order after the $1 billion order for the Global Platform for General Motors gme2xx in 2015, and the firm's hard-tech Nvh.
Following up, the global market is expected to rise further as generic global orders land and companies continue to develop key clients in regions such as North America and Europe, including through extended product lines for former clients. 2.5 Production bases cover the globe and rapid response earns client confidence.
At present, the company has built manufacturing bases around the country’s six largest clusters of automobiles: Ningbo, Hangzhou Bay, Taizhou, Pinghu, Jinhua, Qingdao, Smokey, Shenyang, Po-Fi, Jin-jung, Chongqing, Su-Ning, Water Neighbors, Wuhan, Jiu, Liu. Meanwhile, under the business development strategy, they are located in Toronto, Canada, Detroit, Germany, and the Wein Sea.
The establishment of R & D centres, logistics warehouses, manufacturing plants, etc., in Gothenburg, Sweden, Levalu, France, and São Paulo, Brazil, respectively, has created a home-based, global layout covering North America and Europe, providing rapid response to clients to provide more efficient demand, thereby gaining clients' long-term confidence.
In 2017, the supply side reform, environmental inspectors, etc., led to a higher wave of prices for raw materials such as steel, aluminium ingots, chemicals, etc., where the main raw material for the company ' s seismograph products was natural rubber (with composite glue), small amounts of synthetic glue, ethanol, carbon black and other chemical raw materials, and the other was external and aluminum pieces such as steel presses, aluminium pressure castings, etc., which were taken over by the company.
The cost of seismometers is close to 60%, about 8% for aluminum and about 3% for natural rubber (with composite glue); the soundproofing material consists mainly of petrochemicals such as short fibers, plastic particles, etc., and external purchases such as unwieldy fabrics. The fossilized materials such as detergent short fibres, vinyl, plastic particles, etc. account for about 12% of the cost of producing soundproof products, unwidddled fabrics, base materials, etc.
The cost of direct raw materials as a whole is about 75%, and fluctuations in the cost of upstream raw materials will have some impact on the company ' s Māori ratio. In the first half of 2017, according to observations, the price of steel prices fell by about 2.77 percentage points from the beginning of the year.
Beyond this, high industry prices in 2016 led to higher prices for spare parts, which fell in 2017 as the industry cooled down. In addition, the number and bargaining power of foreign companies, such as aluminum and steel, in the country, and companies can agree with customers when the prices of upstream raw materials are volatile.
Businesses make a certain amount of price increases, so the impact of corporate price fluctuations on Māori rates can be controlled as a whole. The price of raw materials upstream of Nvh spares declined to varying degrees in 2018 compared to the beginning of the year, and the Māori rate for company Nvh products is expected to stabilize in mid-2018.
2.7 Pattern of competition: low concentration of industry and expected increase in the share of leading firms in the market. Currently, there are more than 600 enterprises in the country that are engaged in car rubber seismometer products, of which only about 50 are in the zero-em market, mostly serving the am market, where the am market is for the size of the enterprise, the level of technology, the capacity to match it, the capacity to make it happen.
The requirements of this control are lower than those of the Oem market, so the threshold is relatively low and the market is highly competitive. In the Caroem market, foreign capital, joint ventures are dominant, few domestic firms have the capacity to deliver systematically and modularly, and more powerful firms in the manufacturing industry, besides the Tupou Group, have limited seismic rubber technology.
Sze, Ninghai Construction of New Rubber Co. Ltd., East Sea Rubber (Tianjin) Co. Ltd., Asia Newco spare parts (Amin) are limited to companies such as Sivocox General Engineering Rubber Co. Ltd., Ten Tungseng Motor Seal Co. Ltd., Tincock-Free Treasure Mitigation Systems Co. Ltd., Zhejiang Loi Industries Ltd., foreign capital giants such as the Trailerburg Group, Sweden
There are more than 100 domestic enterprises that produce soundproof car products, and their owners are expected to serve the oem market because of the small am market capacity of soundproof products. Because of the relatively low technical threshold for soundproof products, competition is higher than the rubber tremor oem.
The market is stronger. The main players in the country are companies such as our own company, the usual adornment, the limited department of the Shanghai Car Car Car Car Car Car Cars General Company, the Winzhou City Global Car Linear Company Ltd., the Virginia (Vuhan) Motor Parts and Systems Company Ltd., and the Shanghai Motor Parts and Components Company Ltd.
For the oem market, the company, as the leader of the domestic nvh market, a shock absorber and soundproofing device, will become a more stable partnership if it succeeds, given that the mainframe has a more rigorous assessment of the capacity of the core parts enterprise for simultaneous development, product quality, cost control, and after a two- to three-year certification cycle.
The city ' s share is around 10 per cent, so that there is still much room for subsequent growth, especially for shock absorbers, capacity for simultaneous development, supply of systems, skill levels for products against foreign investment, joint ventures, and the logic of import substitution.3 The chassis and light-quantified systems open the key to the company ' s medium-term growth space.
3.1 The high value of the vehicle chassis. The chassis consists of four parts of the drive, the drive, the switch and the brakes, and most of the core parts of the vehicle are laid on the chassis, which is relevant to a variety of core indicators, such as the safety and comfort of the vehicle, the importance of which is self-evident.
In terms of the cost of automobile manufacturing, the chassis (including chassis electrons) accounts for about 25 per cent of the cost of manufacturing, and the higher value of the bicycle is the focus of competition among major spare parts companies.
A staircase: to balance a car with a “manipulatory” and a “comfortable” staircase is a skeleton built from a suspended structure, such as a bridge, an axle, and a transceiver, which is a device between the body of the vehicle and the stung, which acts as a barrier to vibration and noise, on the one hand it can withstand the vibrating load of the engine, and, on the other hand, it can withstand the vibrating load of the engine.
On the other hand, it can withstand the various shocks caused by road conditions and increase the speed of the car-riding system. Without a side rack, the hanger parts (e.g. poles, shock absorbers, springs, etc.) are directly connected to the body of the vehicle, and the vibrations generated by the vehicle and the ground will pass directly to the body of the vehicle, thus affecting the comfort of the driver and the side rack.
After that, the vibrations passed through the side-bar buffer to the body of the vehicle will be significantly reduced, and the side-bar is stronger than the body, effectively increasing the speed of the lift by connecting to the side-car. Thus, the birth of the side-car is a solution to the traditional trade-off between “controllability” and “comfort” on one side.
The importance of moving to home-based compact cars as a bridge between the hanging and the body is self-evident, so whether the sidecars can be considered high or low-grade watersheds. Control arm: Aluminium alloys control arms instead of steel control arms grow rapidly.
The control arm is the direction and transmission element of the vehicle suspension system, which transmits to the body the forces that function on the wheel, ensuring that the wheel moves on a certain trajectory and that the rationality of its design and the good quality of its manufacture also play a decisive role in the safety and comfort of the vehicle, including, inter alia, the stabilizers, the pullers, the arms, the control arms, the arms, etc.
The early control arm was made of iron, steel or steel pressurized welding, accompanied by improved material processing techniques and light quantification requirements for cars, where aluminium alloy control arm is gradually replacing steel control arm, and in high-end vehicles both inside and outside the country.
The compound growth rate has grown rapidly, and by the end of 2017, the company had 46,699, or 49.74% of the total number of aluminium-exercise control arm sales, and important clients such as Gilley, Fabi, Germany, etc. Turns around: one of the important parts of the bridge that cars turn to.
Turnovers, also known as "goat horns" , are one of the important parts of the bridge that transports and receives the vehicle's front loads, supports and drives the front wheels around the main market to turn the car. Because it has to bear a variable shock load in the vehicle's driving state, it should have a higher intensity.
(b) Pressure on non-renewable energy sources, such as oil, and the increasing global standards of motor fuel consumption drive the automobile industry to increase its light quantification requirements.
Reduction in the quality of the preparation of cars, which, according to research data, could reduce fuel consumption by 7 per cent if the quality of the whole vehicle was reduced by 10 per cent, thus making light quantification of cars a great benefit for the economy of fuel for the entire vehicle. In practice, light quantification applications of cars have improved mainly in terms of materials, structures, and processes.
Quantities play a very important role. While the main applications in automobile light Quantities are high-strength steel, aluminium magnesium light gold, carbon fibre composites, etc., are less applied in cars due, inter alia, to higher costs, and light Quantities such as high-strength steel and magnesium aluminium light metals should be widely promoted at this stage.
In terms of the quality of vehicle preparation, the chassis and body make up the bulk of vehicle quality. According to rough data on the mass of Volvos60, which weighs about 1.6 t, the chassis (dismantling system) accounts for about 19-24 per cent of the quality of preparation, 20-28 per cent of the body, and 5-10 per cent of the motor system, so that the light quantification of the body and chassis is most important for vehicle weight reduction.
The Topper Group has a light-quantity 5 process, which has a faulty competition to pull off competitors The Tupou Group has a light-quantitative control arm, battery bags and large body structures, light-quantified chassis, turnovers, etc. in light-quantified automobile light-quantified products, due to the fact that the company has a light-quantified exercise process, a vacuum precision casting process, a differential pressure, etc.
Five core processes, such as casting, crushing and high-pressure casting, can compete with competitors in a single process to achieve product coverage from a single component supply to a system component through process route coverage. Over the next five years, the company intends to continue to invest 2.5 billion dollars in light-quantifiable areas for the purchase of advanced equipment.
To fully enjoy the continued outbreak of medium- and long-term performance as a result of the light and quantitative demand for cars. 3.4 Merger and purchase of Zhejiang Fordonna, offering a light and quantitative chassis diversification option. In December 2017, the company completed the purchase of 100 per cent of the shares of Zhejiang Fordonna and Sichuan Fordonna with $642 million in cash.
The bid company, which has been working deep for over 20 years in the field of high-intensity steel chassis, and its top client, this merger, on the one hand, will be able to synergize with the company's old aluminum chassis, helping to expand the scale and reduce the cost of providing clients with a full-scale chassis solution and, on the other hand, helping to increase the share of the gypsies, with the depth of the gypsies growing.
Upon completion of the acquisition of Fortuna, the Division contracted with the Jinan second-bed group for the acquisition of automated production lines and planned to continue to invest 2.5 billion dollars over the next five years in the construction of three main production bases in Hangzhou Bay, Xiaozhou and Xianan, the technical adaptation of the original production line and the acquisition of research and development detection equipment, the supply of a rich production line, the expansion of the base production scale and self-employment.
The increase in mobility has effectively ensured high growth in the company ' s bottom-plate business over the long term. 4, ibs (including electronic vacuum pumps): successful calculus smart drive course 4.1 active safety technology is widely available and ibs are promising.
Car brake systems consist mainly of power supply devices, control devices, transmission devices and brakes, which can be divided into mechanical brakes, gas suppressors, liquid suppressors, electric brakes, by driver (category). By technology, car brakes are developed from traditional hydraulic pressure, gas pressure, to more functional electrical control + hydraulic pressure at this stage.
Chart 16: The technological development of the braking system, the traditional passive safety, such as seatbelts, airbags, bumpers, etc., is not effective from the point of view of car safety technology.
To reduce the occurrence of security accidents, active safety technologies, such as smart brake systems, which actively protect vehicles, safety of motor traffic and prevention of accidents, including emergency automatic brake systems (aeb), electronic body stabilization systems (esc), active lane maintenance, self-adaptation to cruises, automatic parking etc., all of which require smart brake systems.
In recent years, countries like Europe and the United States have developed a system of regulations and technical standards for active safety of vehicle brake configurations, and the EU has required new vehicles to be equipped with aeb systems in 2014, starting in November 2015.
Heavy commercial vehicles will also be forced to install the driveway deviation warning system (ldw) and the aeb system, and the iihs (United States Road Safety Insurance Association) collision test also introduced the frontcrash evaluation system in 2014, specifying that vehicles will not receive the maximum if they do not have the pre-collapse warning system or automatic brakes.
The tall "topsafetypic+" evaluation. In October of this year, the world's top ten car brands, including the general public, Odys, BMW, Ford, General, Majuta, Mercedes, Tesla, Toyota and Volvo, signed an agreement to install an automatic collision-proof braking aid system (aeb) for all new cars sold in the United States by 2022.
As a result, with the spread of active safety technologies, ibs and other markets are in great demand. We have calculated the domestic ibs market, assuming that: 1 – the combined increase in domestic vehicle production by 2020
4.21bs Competition patterns: Monopoly of foreign giants, where domestic imports are expected to replace active security market suppliers, such as the global emergency brakes, account for a larger share of the market, mainly the first euphoria, the Bosch, the mainland, the sky, etc., followed by Knoll, Edes and others, who occupy the second global echelon, and in the domestic market because of the fact that
The technical and market penetration in the field of active security lags behind the foreign side, creating a competitive pattern supported by foreign joint venture-based autonomous parts and components, but with the rise of autonomous brands in active security configuration, autonomous parts and components have also developed considerably in the field of active security such as automatic emergency brakes, including heavy labour in Beijing, Asian and Pacific shares in Zhejiang, and Wan Dynasty.
In the context of the ibs, only the ibs, the mainland, the Tianyung/Ceefu, and so on, have design and production technology for ibs. As early as 2013, Bo launched the ibooster program, which is in line with the ibooster program, based on the current global layout of the ibs.
With the help of the World Wide Web, almost 100% of energy can be recovered, and it can be added to such fuel-saving schemes as slides, iboosters are more integrated than ibcs and are expected to start production in 2018, while Bo's second-generation smart brakes ibooster will open in 2019 at Nanjing's smart aid plant in the country.
With the start of production, the initial capacity will reach 400,000 units, which will be gradually expanded to 3 million units. The Tophu Group is a rare independent company in the country that has developed and acquired ibs technology. On April 11, 2016, the company released a non-public release plan to raise $2.2 billion in funds for a car smart brake system project, and the company is now working well on ibs, but it is doing well.
Because of the high technology content and the complexity of the product, the product needs to be fully tested before it can move to the market. In September 2017, the company announced the recall of 18crv models due to the iboost control software. The company decided to increase the project's testing standard, extend the testing cycle and further increase the safety and redundancy of the product, and we expect the company ibs to open in 2019.
4.3 Electronic vacuum pump (evp): Turbo pressure and new energy brakes Traditional brake systems build up and drive the brakes through a driver's control pedal-driven vacuum booster The brakes are built by a driver's control of the pedal, and the vacuum support environment is provided by the engine, more traditional means.
The AEL leads a tube to a vacuum booster, and the natural inhaling vehicle-type engine to create a negative pressure can provide a vacuum for the brake vacuum booster, but the vacuum environment is vulnerable to the effects of the engine work environment, creating a problem of vacuum instability and high energy consumption. In addition, the turbo booster type produces a pressure-added effect on the turbine.
Instead of negative pressure, the EMPs create a positive pressure that does not provide a vacuum for brake vacuum boosters, especially since there are two solutions on the market for new sources of energy, one based on existing structures to address the problem of vacuum sources, the former vacuum boosters and related tubes are retained, and the electronic vacuum booster pump connected at the other end of the pipeline is connected.
When the sensor monitors an inadequate vacuum of the booster, the electronic vacuum pump begins to maintain the vacuum environment, in such a way as to ensure that the vacuum booster is as supportive of the driver as it used to be. The other is to use new technical principles to completely discard the use of the vacuum in the brake system and redesign the brake system ' s technical structure, i.e., the market.
So-called wire controls, e.g. ehb (wire control fluid pressure) and emb (wire control machine brake). From the range of applications, it appears that due to the technical complexity of the second option and its high cost, only the luxury vehicles are currently involved, whereas the electronic vacuum pump, which is directly powered by an electric machine, creates a vacuum source that can be selectively opened depending on the vehicle ' s operating conditions, the pumping rate, etc.
At this stage, therefore, electronic vacuum pumps are standard configurations for turbo turbines and new energy-powered car brakes. We have made a simple calculation of the domestic vehicle market space for automobile electronic vacuum pumps, assuming that:
1. The production of domestic passenger vehicles increased by 3 per cent annually by 2020 and by 2 per cent by 2020, or 100 per cent by 2020, with new energy vehicles using electronic vacuum pumps. On this basis, we expect to reach 2.9 billion yuan in 2020 and 3.6 billion yuan in 2022.
The company ' s electronic vacuum pump is growing at a high rate, with 706 thousand bulk deliveries starting in 2014 and a five-fold increase in sales in 2016.
The market for electronic vacuum pumps is dominated by companies such as Heila, Germany, mainland Magne, Big Fung Industries, Pilberg, Yongshin, Korea; among them, Heila is the leader of the electronic vacuum pump industry, accounting for about 60% of the market share of the global market. On the domestic market, except for the leader of the Quaira (Shanghai) Management Ltd., which has electronics.
The companies with vacuum pump production technologies are the Top Group, Dalian Haina New Energy Automobile Parts and Components Company Ltd., Sen Tseng (Shanghai) Ltd., Zhejiang Koli Vehicle Control Systems Ltd., among others, where the Tshang Group produces 2.6 million electronic vacuum pumps per year, followed by Dalian Heiner (1.3 million units/years), Xysun Science and Technology.
(300,000 units/year), Zhejiang Koli vehicle controls (50,000 units/years), etc., 1. Seismic mitigation operations: taking into account the continuing decline in Ford and Chang Anford sales, taking into account the growth in sales of the car industry and the fact that the priority customers are well-performing and commonly sold in 2018, are expected to slow down the company ' s performance.
In 2017, a high increase in sales of guilds was driven by 63 per cent of the company ' s interior appliance business, and in 2018 it was projected that the company ' s functionality would be increased by around 25 per cent in combination with an expansion of the product category, with a conservative average price estimate of -3 per cent per year, 4, smart brake systems (including electronic vacuum pumps):
The rise in prices of foreign affiliates, such as steel presses, aluminium presses, etc., in 2017 affected the company’s Māori rate and the impact continued to be high. Lower sales to downstream core clients, such as General, Gilly, and Chang-An, have had some impact on the company’s performance.
The slowdown in profit sales and the failure of other clients to expand as expected is likely to slow down the growth in corporate performance.2 The company is in a rapid period of development, with higher capital expenditures and higher annual depreciation amortization costs to meet the development goals of light quantitative and bottom systems.
The supply side reform has led to higher prices for upstream steel, aluminium, and so on, and the FAC accounts for more than 30% of the cost of raw materials for shock absorbers, with a certain impact on the company’s gross interest rate if FAC prices continue to rise (to a manageable extent).