Medical Health Research Centre Performance growth is expected, channels are being optimized Company fundamentals (RMB)
A net profit of 689 million yuan (+21.9 per cent) from the non-mortality net profit of 676 million yuan (+20.8 per cent) and a full-scale savings from all operations, leading to the continued growth of the company.
The company has a strong growth in cardiovascular medicine in the first quarter of 2022, resulting in a revenue of $65.95 million, an increase of 143 per cent over the previous quarter; the food industry has achieved revenue of $31.98 million, an increase in the cost structure that has continued to be optimized, with a steady increase in profitability. The cost of marketing in the first quarter of 2022
1. " Performance meets expectations, multi-nuclear drive full-scale development -- secondary development and innovative drug research and development, with a 3.33 per cent R & D rate, rising by 2.23 percentage points over the same period, and the company ' s performance is expected to continue to improve.
The Core Varieties continue to grow, and the “One Nuclear Multi-Purpose” is constantly optimized and multi-nuclear-driven. On the one hand, the company is active on its own line, adding a new one to the Big Pharmacary and the Big Pharmacary Kyoto Flagship.
Stabilizing the price of products; on the other hand, actively expanding the retail off-line business and launching the National Pharmacy special zero. 4. "Performance meets expectations, one nuclear multi-producer" pattern, and adding a new capsule type to the special supply. In addition, the company is fully operational in all regions of the country.
The company’s business is expected to improve steadily as the pipeline matures. Policy risks; excessive price increases lead to a drop in sales; and the company’s day-to-day business is less developed.
Expected risks; risk of raw material supply and price changes; risk of new channels not operating as fast as expected; and risk of subsidiaries being listed as low as expected.