And the Southwest Securities Research and Development Center (WRDC) continues to build on the bright growth of the performance of the pharmaceutical industry.
Summary of performance: operating income of $8.01 billion in 2021, an increase of 23.3 per cent in the same year, net profit for mothers $2.43 billion, an increase of 45.6 per cent in the same year, net profit for non-repatriation of $2.43 billion, a significant increase in commercial Maori in the same year, and a sharp increase in liver disease and cardiovascular medicine. 1) Sub-operational units: BC 2021
Industrial revenues of $3.97 billion (+45.4 per cent), circulation income of $3.15 billion (+10.6 per cent), and the fall of solar panels were mainly affected by the rise in raw materials. Cardiovascular medicines (mainly ammonium macaroni) were collected in 2021 at $9.09 million, an increase of 3166 per cent, a Māori rate of 50.7 per cent, an increase of 34 pp, and an ammonium cow.
The rapid growth of the yellow pill has been achieved mainly by taking advantage of the network of distribution outlets and the brand of the film, covering more than 300 national experience houses and more than 50 chained 5,000 end-doors throughout the country, to quickly enter the market and achieve better sales targets. Fujian Chai Cosmetics Ltd. is also about to be removed from the market.
The Division intends to introduce equity incentives in cosmetics companies, which are expected to further boost the growth of cosmetic block income. Online channels are restored to normality, q4 profits are growing at a slower rate.
R & D cost rate of 2.5 per cent (+1 pp) and sales cost rate significantly reduced during the period mainly by extension activities, production of significantly increased inputs mainly through the promotion of secondary development research on core monoliths, accelerated development of new medicines, and in 2021 the company was awarded two certifications for medicines. 2) The company expanded its marketing channels, adding new ones in May and July
The q4 net profit rate has declined as online sales have returned to positive and regular sales since the last four quarters. The q4 net profit rate has steadily increased in the future as a regular channel.
The company plans to invest no more than $4.48 billion in new industrial parks with a three-to-five-year project construction cycle. The company’s existing workshop space, process layout and production capacity are no longer sufficient to meet the needs of the company and market development, resulting in a certain limitation on capacity expansion.
As the production capacity expands, it helps to provide the full range of products produced by the company. One of the main products of the Quanjia Park is a complex complex, a combination of acne cream, a combination of acne cream, acne oscillation cream, and a hysteria and liver capsule. The Quantico Garden produces a whole range of skin-skinned, white-skinned, white-skinned, white-skinned, white-skinned, white-skinned, white-skinned, white-skinned, white-skinned, white-skinned, white-skinned, white-skinned, white-skinned, white-skinned, white-skinned, and so on.
Queens Series (Frost cream). 1. A small platinum (600436): Performance growth is in line with expectations.
During the period, the capacity expansion provides the basis for long-term development, which corresponds to 60 times, 46 times and 35 times, respectively. Given the value of the brand and the scarcity of the product, the value of the product is small (2022-01-21).
A unique advantage in lack of character, with a “possession” rating.
(2021-08-26) Assumption 2: The company's new Qin An pony macaroni is fast-placing, thanks to the commercial power of the channel, with the advantage and channel of the brand, and is given a “holding” rating, taking into account the unique advantages of the brand value and product scarcity of the plate.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.