The year 2021 was a year-long review: performance was in line with our expected strategy of “multi-nuclear drive, two-way development.”  The sale of a series of products was re-innovated and corporate revenue grew faster: in 2021, the company implemented its “self-employment” strategy.
+ Control + Marketing's Business Model, which sells a variety of single items such as the hysteria hepatic capsules, Xing Bei's lung syrup, etc. For example, hepatic medicine, cardiovascular medicine, cold medicine, respiratory medicine, dermatology medicine, etc.
3.7 billion yuan (year-on-year, +45.8 per cent, same), 9.608.9 million yuan (+3166.3 per cent),  “Multi-nuclear drive, two-way development” strategy continued, with multi-occupational convergence patterns in the health sector taking shape: in 2021, the company optimized its development strategy in a timely manner and implemented “multi-nuclear drive, two-way development”
A new strategic blueprint: to be a good piece, to be a big piece, to be a big one, to be a big one, to be a big one, to be a big one, to be a big one, to be a good one; to be able to tap into the inside, to push out and buy.
The company has made a breakthrough in the development of a new drug, which has resulted in a certificate of registration for the drug, a Pzh2107 (lds) which has been approved for clinical trials, and three new chlamydia 1 and two Chinese.
q4 performance is impressive, as “one nuclear, two new drugs of 1.1 and one new Chinese medicine of 1.2 are entering the clinical research phase. The company has basically developed a pattern of multi-occupational convergence in the health sector and the product structure has been optimized.
▪ Optimization of channels, further enhancement of raw materials: companies continue to optimize channels, one being specialized retail, launching the National Pharmacy Special Retail Service, adding a new Xiao Xiao Yin Health Clinic, and evaluating performance as we expect it to be sustainable.
Specialized retail supply support in the form of capsules in retail stores under the flag; second, on-line retailing, the launch of online marketing platforms, and the promotion of the "One Nuclear Two-Wing" strategy in the lead-up to the "One-Wide" Pharmacy, the "One-Wide" flagship, the "One-Wide" Pharmacy, and the "One-Wide" initiative.
At the same time, the company pre-empts strategic reserves of the main raw materials of the series, such as musk, cow butter and snake chords, to minimize costs.
The value of the stock was 1,492 million yuan, an increase of 11.62 per cent over the previous year. In addition, the company has made a solid contribution to the construction of the pharmaceutical base and the consolidation of material security.
We've built a pharmaceutical base to protect the company from sustainable development. Growth is set, and the “one nuclear two” strategy is steadily moving forward — making profit projections and investment ratings: we maintain a separate forecast of net profits from corporate returns for 2022-2023.
Three major financial forecasts for Tung Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, have been prepared for the securities investment committee.