Wang Wei-chul's net profit of 2201 is 22 per cent higher, the product of Xiao-Ching is growing faster, the product of Xiao-chung is increasing faster, and the Xiao-chung product is increasing faster.
Hepatic q1 pills, such as capsules, yielding $1.10 billion, yoy+20 per cent, driven by a combination of online and offline shops, maintained a rapid growth rate of 80.2 per cent, a decrease of 0.8 percentage points from the same period, estimated to be influenced by raw material prices; (2) cardiovascular q1 seasons of q1 with the ammonium max at its core
With a current revenue of about $70 million (yoy+142 per cent), a single-season turnover has reached its full year of operation in 2021.
(iii) RMB 190 million, yoy-13 per cent for daily use and cosmetics q1, an increase of 6.7 percentage points to 69.1 per cent for the same year, and an estimated change in the rate of revenue and the rate of Maori associated with the restructuring of the product: (iv) RMB 940 million, yoy + 17.7 per cent for the flow plate and the ratio of Māori to the same.
Increase of 3.1 percentage points to 10.6 per cent Māori increase, resulting in a decrease in cost: company q1 combined Māori rate of 49.1 per cent for the single quarter, an increase of 10.0 per cent for the same year, a decrease of 2.3 percentage points for the same year, with sales rates falling by 2 hundred per cent for the same year
Between points and 7 per cent, estimated mainly as a result of savings in sales costs from straight-line operations. 59 times/48 times, company performance continued to grow faster over the long term, and the brand name of the Xanax was of greater value, with increased risk: the impact of the epidemic was higher than expected, the price of raw materials was higher than expected, and the quantity of new items was lower than anticipated.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong), Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or reissued for any purpose in whole or in part of the report.