Good growth in the main business, cost ups and losses to cover profits, semi-annual review of the Golden Dragonfish (300999), 2021
On 12 August 2021, the Golden Dragonfish published its semi-annual report for 2021, which achieved business income of $103,230 million during the reporting period, i.e. +18.69 per cent, net profit on maternity, i.e. $2,970 million, i.e. 1,24 per cent, and basic eps, i.e. $0.55.
Main sector income has grown steadily, with cost ups and hedge losses delaying profit performance \triangleright up to 12 months/lowest
At the income end, the company’s main business income grew steadily, and income from kitchen food operations, feed raw materials, and fat operations increased in double digits on a par. At the profit end, the company’s net profit on the home side fell in the same year, mainly because (1) of the higher prices of raw materials and the upward pressure on the main industry’s costs; and (2) of derivative financial instruments’ gains and losses resulted in investment receipts.
Gains of $1,877 million, with a significant impact on profits; (3) higher real income tax rates for 21h1, with some high-tax companies earning better and some low-tax companies losing more than 300 per cent, due mainly to differences in tax rates with subsidiaries; (4) 21h1.
Some of the joint ventures had better profits and increased the gains and losses attributable to minority shareholders. By sub-products, the 21h1 kitchen food/feed raw materials and the fat technology business had generated 659,70/36,466 million, respectively. Kitchen food operations had been significantly affected by the high cost of raw materials, although the company had increased the price of some of the products, and
High-end products continue to be promoted, but the rise in raw materials is still not covered; this year, the food market recovered rapidly after the epidemic improved, with a lower overall Māori ratio than the rise. Forage raw materials and fat technology operations are affected by a recovery in downstream demand, and profits have increased significantly over the same period, but soybean purchases and pressurization by companies have declined.
In terms of sales and unit prices, 21h1 kitchen food/feed raw materials and fat technology sold 802.80/81 million tons, or 10.81 per cent/-15.52 per cent, respectively; the average sales price was 8217/4491 tons, or the same cost pressure. Forage raw materials and fat technology was affected by the price of soybeans, and sales fell.
In terms of cost, the average unit price for soybean/rice/wheat/oil/ palm and lunar oil purchases was equal to the average unit price at the end of the channel, with 21h1 owning dealers in the eastern/south/west/northern/central market, respectively, 1856/480/1117/ Māori burden was not apparent, mainly because the hedging cost was factored into investment gains and losses
The reason for this is that (1) forage feedstock operations are affected by demand recovery and the Māori rate rises; (2) some derivative gains and losses are reported in the first quarter of 2021 for the Golden Dragonfish (300999): the cost and exchange gains and losses are accounted for, but the return on investment results in the cost upwards impact on Māori rates not being fully reflected.
A significant recovery in demand at the end of 21q1b, leading to the Golden Dragonfish (300999), 2020 Report Review: Steward growth, industry headline status
+0.47 ppt) due to a decrease in net interest earnings. Enhance branding and promote high-end products \triangleright
As the official sponsor of the Beijing Winter Olympics in 2022 and the official sponsor of the three consecutive Chinese Olympic delegations in Tokyo in 2020, Beijing in 2022, Paris in 2024, the company continues to activate and raise brand power through the media, public relations activities, and marketing channels. The company continues to increase its promotion of high-end products.
In terms of cooking oil, high-end company products such as “gold dragonfish” rice oil, riceseeds from Grandma's hometown, olive oil from “Oliviran” and peanut butter from “Huchie” have achieved better market performance, while companies have introduced small-scale fine oils to meet the needs of some of the population.
At the same time, the company continues to push for the sale of its high-end brands, "Golden Dragonfish", "Goldfish" and "Gold Dragonfish" and "Golden Dragonfish" and "Gold Dragonfish" and "Golden Fish" and "Goldstones" and "Golden Rice." For flour, the company tailors the marketing of different applications, and the high-end "Gold Dragonfish" river plains.
Products such as snow pollen, Golden Dragonfish, Australian wheat core flour are popular with consumers, and sales have grown steadily.iii. Profit forecasts and investment proposals.Increased competition in industry, higher costs, food safety, etc.
In 2011, he entered the securities industry and is now in charge of food beverages and agricultural orientation studies at the Institute of Securities of the People. In 2018, he joined the Ministry of Planning.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,