Food in the kitchen grew faster, with 21H1 having high performance growth 21h1 with robust growth and 2021h1 having high performance growth
10.330 billion yuan, or +18.69 per cent of the year; of this amount, non-recurrent gains and losses for kitchen foods, feed raw materials and fat technology, respectively, amounted to a total investment gain of $ 1065 million from their derivatives.
The increase in income from the kitchen food business has been accelerated, mainly as a result of the recovery in the food industry following the improved epidemic, which has led to a significant increase in the sale of catering products. The total profit achieved in the kitchen was $2.44 billion, or 11.1 per cent, and the Māori rate was 11.84 per cent, or 0.92 pt. The ratio is mainly derived from catering products.
The increase in Māori in this channel, coupled with a sharp increase in the price of raw materials, has led to a decline in Māori. The distribution and direct sales ratio were 48.5% and 51.5% respectively, with the distribution ratio falling by 5.3 pt; for Māori, the direct sales rate was almost flat and Māori was distributed.
The rate drops by 1.45 pct. The number of 21h1 distributors increased by +887, compared to +20.15%, mainly in the eastern and northern regions. The company attaches great importance to high-end, branding, local identity strategies, superimposed epidemic control, and we expect the future growth of kitchen food operations to continue well.
Billion dollars, or +86.7 per cent, benefited from a significant rise in the raw materials market, with companies performing well; the corresponding Māori ratio was 11.75 per cent, compared to 3.81 pct. Multi-channel stereomarketing networks, which enabled new product lines to co-develop fully
The channel’s marketing network, based on platform advantages, is based on the specific needs of its clients and local tastes and eating habits, and continues to produce many new items and expand its product lines to spices, yeasts, and solar goods. The company’s spice brand is the Sea King, and the new items under the 21H1 flag include fragrance.
vinegar, rice vinegar, white vinegar, oil consumption, alcohol, etc.: marketing networks based on retail, catering, food industry, baking, etc. of companies, sharing of resources, synergetic development, cross-cutting of the company ' s industrial chain advantages and promotion of multi-product matrices.
Investment recommends that companies have a well-developed brand matrix, a comprehensive network of channels, excellent cost controls, a rich matrix, and a combination of concerns and implementation of changes in consumer demand, such as consumer upgrading, branding, customization, etc.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.