Golden Dragonfish (300999) mid-2021 reported a steady increase in three-power-driven performance Incident: company released mid-2021 and company earned operating income in the first half of 2021
This year, the domestic epidemic began to improve, and the catering market resumed rapidly. The company’s kitchen food products earned $66 billion in business income in the first half of 2021, an increase of 22.2 per cent compared to the same period the previous year.
Overall Māori fell by 0.92%. At the same time, the price of cost-end raw materials increased significantly, with some product sales price raised and the continued promotion of high-end products, without fully offsetting the impact.
Forage oil sheeting, profits have increased considerably. Company feed feedstocks and fat technology has a business climate of $365 billion in business earnings in the first half of 2021, an increase of 12.3 per cent over the same period in the previous year; Total profit has been realized of $1.95 billion, a significant increase of 86.7 per cent over the same period in the previous year.
In the second half of the year, it is expected that, as a result of the continued recovery of raw pig production, the pig-bearing stock will remain high, the raw material for feed will continue to grow and the profits of the fat-feed business will continue to increase throughout the year.
Three forces drive overall business growth. The core brands of brand power, such as the Golden Dragonfish, are very popular. 2021 Chinese food and beverage company brand values, valued at $13.298 billion, are second. Product power: product push, especially spices, the company pushes in the first half of the year.
Twenty-five new items from kitchen foods, eight of which are the Sea King's series, have not been made in the map since the company was introduced last year in comparison to the 300-year-old trend. Channel power: multiple network layouts, channels continued to sink, reporting period
Distributors increased by 20.15%. Three-power-driven companies achieved business income of $103.23 billion, an increase of 18.7%.
The company is one of the largest agricultural and food processing companies in the country, with a central brand name like the Golden Dragonfish.
Dollars, corresponding to 65, 51 and 40 times the price, with a “buy-in” rating.