On January 16, 2022, the company announced its intention to issue shares and pay cash.
The purchase of 51% of the split shares held by the Coal Group, the purchase of Li Jinyu, and the combined 49% shareholdings held by Gao Jianping. The 51% share exchange price of the Coal was $6,599 million and the Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Co. is valued at 10 times and 5 times, respectively.
\triangleright 2024 performance commitments of 1,357 million yuan, 1,218 million yuan and 1,229 million yuan, respectively, and taking into account the continued increase in coal prices in the second half of 2021, the second half of the year is more profitable than the first half of the year, the actual valuation should be
After the acquisition of the land, the equity capacity grew by about 16%. China’s total coal production capacity was announced to be 11.1 million tonnes/\triangleright, with the main assets being Sanding 1 (4.5 million tonnes/year), Sanding II (2.7 million tonnes/year), and Ming Ju
The coal industry (up to 900,000 tonnes/year, 51% share of HJC) and the Qining coal industry (up to 3 million tonnes/year, 51% share of HWJC). Once this equity acquisition is completed, the size of the company’s equity capacity will increase by 5.13 million tonnes of assets in the lead-up.
In February 2021, the company held a conference for the approval of a “one-size-fits-all” initiative for provincial enterprises, setting a target of “association of assets of over 80%”. According to a statement on group bond collection, the group had a total coal production capacity of 207 million tons by the end of 2020, of which the main mine production capacity was 1.31 tons.
Millions of tons, after excluding listed companies’ capacity to produce and the capacity of mountain coal groups (the main asset is in Mountain Coal International), about 44.8 million tons of capacity is still subject to securitization and the space for asset injection is still wide. Low. First coverage, “recommended” rating.
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.