It is recommended (for the first time) that the advantages of resource endowments are prominent, and that mineral gold production is the highest in the country. The company's gold resources are of high quality and are the only two in the country.
On March 17, 2020, the gold mine and the gold mine of Linglong, the listed company of the mining industry, which accumulated 100 tons of gold, Kao, the gold mine of San Francisco, the gold mine of New Town, and the gold mine of Linglong, which for many years has been in the ranks of “China's gold”
In the first half of 2019, the company produced 20.51 tons of gold, the country's highest gold gold, a 5.77 per cent increase over the same year. The company expects gold production at the end of the “13th Five” (including minerals).
The gold resource endowment is excellent. Shandong is a gold resource and gold-producing province, and Guodong Peninsula concentrates a quarter of the country's gold resource reserves, of which more than 90% is concentrated in the far-off, the Länder region, and the region has a significant prospective resource/storage. The company controls and operates 12 mines, 9 of which are on the mountains.
In the Eastern Province, by the end of 2018, 798.6 tons of gold equity resources and 229 tons of equity reserves in Shandong Province accounted for 82.5 per cent of total corporate equity resources and 70.7 per cent of total equity reserves, respectively.
By the end of 2018, the company had 968.24 tons of gold equity and 324.28 tons of gold equity reserves, ranking among the leading gold mining companies listed in the country.
The company continues to identify the potential high-quality capital of the stockholder Shandong Gold Group, in particular the newly discovered Western Ridge mine in San Francisco and the South Lu Hiaki mine in Joo, as well as the resources in Henan Province and Hainan Province. According to their exploration reports, the resources of the Western Ridge mine body in San Francisco are yellow.
The gold content is about 12,300.2 ounces of gold and the resource gold content of the Jao's South Lu'i Hinki mine is 4,280.5 ounces of gold. And the company has a preferential right to purchase the amount of such resources from the controlling shareholder, who's high-quality resource reserve will become the company's future reserve and expansion.
In addition, the deep experience of Shandong Gold Group, the controlling shareholder, in the exploration of gold resources, and the technological reserves will provide a synergy for companies to find additional resources. The cost advantage is clear.
There is a well-developed mining infrastructure, including transport, electricity, water, raw materials, mining equipment, and distribution services.
In Eastern Province, 90% of the gold and minerals are from Shandong Province.
Gold Dynamics Review: Temperature of Avoidance, Cash Operating Costs for Mines of $682/ounce, below the average cash costs for China's industry in the same year.
Gold prices are still on the rise. The global recession is expected to rise, stock markets are disturbed, gold prices deviate from gold stock prices, stock volatility is increasing, and the rate of return on America’s long-end national debt (10-, 30-year-long) is at an all-time low.
There is a narrow trend in the spread of public debt, the frequency of future risk events or increases, and the United Kingdom and the United States are very, very much, "Gold Dynamics: The Global Epidemic has escalated, the United States has imposed an emergency reduction in interest rates, the global central bank has agreed on a loose monetary policy, and the currency, currency, currency, currency, currency, currency, currency, etc., as the epidemic warms up."
The Fed's emergency interest cuts, bailouts like gold, fiscal stimulus is expected to add up, US government debt returns are still running low, markets are getting warmer, money goes to hedge assets, comex gold is not commercially available, and the world's owners are in the middle of it.
The gold prices are still up in order to keep the gold stock above its peak in 2016. Investment advice. The company focuses on the gold business, with mineral gold producing the highest in the country, with gold Maori accounting for more than 90% of the total Māori, and nine mines under the flag located in the rich mountain east.
In the province, the acquisition of high-quality gold mines from abroad, the expansion of the overseas sector, the increase in the reserves of active internal prospecting, the major shareholder, the Shandong Gold Group, will inject resources into listed companies and have greater potential for increasing the reserves; thus, outside companies have an advantage in producing uplifts, domestic gold deposits are relatively high, and the overseas Beradero gold mine is offshore.
With the mining of new mining areas, both grade and gold production are expected to rise. With the new coronary pneumonia epidemic affecting demand, a global consensus on monetary easing is expected to lead interest rates down, with stable deflationary expectations, and gold prices are expected to rise.
The company profile. Shandong Gold Mining Co. Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “Sandong Gold”, “Corporate” or “Hong Kong Division”) is listed in China and Hong Kong as the largest gold company operating in China.
The company controls and operates 12 Chinese mines in Shandong, Inner Mongolia, Fujian and Gansu provinces, and has 50% of Argentina’s Belladro mines. The company implements a two-wheel-drive operating model for scalding operations and technological innovation.
The company’s mines are among the highest in the country: the country’s 100-ton cumulative gold-producing enterprises – the Kaji gold mine and the Linglong gold mine; the country’s first to launch the construction of the “International First Class Demonstration Mine” – the Santao gold mine; and the nation’s first digitalized mine, the “Americas”
Goldmines; a new city gold mine for the country's first mining company, which is rated as a “national environment friendly enterprise”; and Shandong Gold Smelting Company, among others, which is among the highest in the country's mineral and gold trade. Three laboratories belonging to the company's deep well mining laboratory, filling laboratory, and smelting laboratory successfully acquired the Shandong Engineering Laboratory in 2018, gradually developing technological innovation for the company.
Launched in January 2000, the company was co-sponsored by five corporate units of the Shandong Gold Group Ltd., Shandong Gold Group Ltd., Shandong Lei State Gold Group Ltd., Jinnam Yu Spring Development Centre (later renamed Jinnam Yu Spring Development Co. Ltd.) and Daiyama gold mines (later renamed Shandong Gold Minerals Group Ltd.) in New City.
In January 2008, the company acquired exploration and mining rights in the areas of Linglong, Santao, Yinan and Qingjia gold mines, and in the areas of Kajia gold temples and Gonko Hill, completing the mining rights in Shandong province.
The strategic layout of the gold mine; in December 2008 and 2012, the company acquired 73.52 per cent of the interest in the Che Fong gold mine in Inner Mongolia province, 70 per cent of the interest in the Western and Central Treasure mine in Gansu province, 80 per cent of the benefit of the Fujian gold mine in Fujian province: in October 2016, the company strengthened the gold mine resources in Shandong province and acquired the exploration and mining of the Linglong gold mine-East Wind mining area
Mine rights, exploration rights in the San Francisco gold mine-New Zone, full rights in the Punley gold mine, and 70.65 per cent of the benefits of the returned gold mine: in 2017, the company first laid out overseas and acquired 50 per cent of the benefits of the Baric gold from the Bella de Ro mine located in the Argentine province of San Juan.
In December 2016, the Shandong State Finance Committee transferred 30 per cent of Shandong Gold Group Limited shares to the Shandong Social Security Fund Board; in December 2018, the Shandong Province Social Security Fund Board transferred 20 per cent of Shandong Gold Group Limited shares of its holdings to Shandong Gold Group Limited; and as of June 2019, Mountain
East Gold Group Limited is a controlling shareholder in Shandong gold, with a share of 37.58 per cent; Shandong State Finance Committee directly and indirectly holds 100 per cent of Shandong Gold Group Limited shares and is the actual controller of Shandong gold.
Gold operations are prominent and production advantages are being consolidated. Gold operations contribute to the main gross profits. Companies are engaged in gold exploration, mining, mineral selection, smelting and sales.
Half-yearly, it rose to 78%; the second largest contribution to revenue was gold, accounting for about 19% in the last five years. The company's gold business had an average Māori rate of over 40% over the last five years, while alloys and gold bars had a Māori rate of less than 1%. According to the gross profit structure, gold contributed mainly to gross profits, with a ratio of over 90% in the last five years, while the largest contribution to alloys was gross profits.
Figure 5: High gold prices in Shandong (%) boosted the net profits of companies. In 2018, the company ' s non-parent net gains were negative, largely influenced by falling gold prices in that year and increased financing costs for the merger and purchase of the Belladro gold mine; in the first half of 2019
As gold prices rebounded, the company increased its net profit margin by the same year. Gold contributed the company’s main gross profits, and gold prices had a greater impact on the company’s net profits, leading to upward trends in international gold prices since 2019, which are expected to continue to rise as gold prices continued to rise in 2020.
Figure 8: Shanghai gold futures prices ($/g) are of better profit quality. In the first three quarters of 2015-2019, companies sold goods and received a share of cash in the provision of services of 38.580 billion yuan, 51.780 billion yuan, 53.13 billion yuan, 57.790 billion yuan and 64.92 billion yuan, representing a share of the revenue collected during the same period.
Mineral gold production is the highest in the country. The company’s high-quality gold resources are the only listed company in the country that has two mining companies, the “Jojia gold mine” and the “Linjong gold mine” that have accumulated over 100 tons of gold.
In the first half of 2019, the domestic production of gold and gold fell by 4.78 per cent, as a result of the tightening of environmental policies, sector-side reforms and increased industrial integration. In the context of the overall decline in mineral wealth across the country, companies achieved a reverse growth through the continuous promotion of scientific and technological innovation, the optimization of industrial structures, and the strengthening of production management, which resulted in a reverse growth in gold and mineral wealth in the first half of the year.
Production reached 20.51 tons, the country’s highest growth rate of 5.77 per cent in the same year. The company’s growing mineral production, which accounts for a growing proportion of total national production, is expected to reach 50 tons at the end of the “13th Five” and the future “quantity” of its revenues is guaranteed.
Figure 11: Gold production in Shandong (millions of tons, thousands of ounces),2 including 100 per cent of ore mining, ore disposal and gold production from the company ' s full capital in the mines in China (i.e., the Trisan Island gold mine, the Cao gold mine, the New City gold mine, the Linglong gold mine, the Qingji Island gold mine, the Punlai gold mine and the Qingnan gold mine), and the returned gold mine
70.65 per cent of gold mines, 60.78 per cent of gold mines, 73.52 per cent of wood mines, 90.31 per cent of gold mines in Fujian and 70 per cent of mineral ores in Western and Central Treasure Mines, ore disposal and gold production.
4 Including 50 per cent of the ore extraction, ore disposal and gold production from the Belladro gold mine, as at 31 December 2018 the company had 50 per cent of the interest in the Belladro gold mine. 5, 1 ounce equals 31.1 grams.
3. The resource endowments are excellent, the advantages of increased reserves are clear, and the wealth of gold equity resources is abundant. Shandong is a gold resource and a gold-producing province, and the Gudong Peninsula gold mine concentrates a quarter of the country ' s gold reserves, with more than 90 per cent concentrated in the distant, Lé County region and more than 90 per cent concentrated in the same region.
At the end of the year, 798.6 tons of gold equity resources and 229 tons of equity reserves in Shandong Province accounted for 82.5 per cent of total equity resources and 70.7 per cent of total equity reserves, respectively.
In 2017, the Hong Kong subsidiary acquired 50 per cent of its share in the mineral resource volume (millions of tons) based on the “resources first” concept, increasing its efforts at internal prospecting, actively engaging in resource mergers and acquisitions, in line with the principle of “in-country exploration”.
Indirectly holding 50 per cent interest in Argentina ' s Belladro gold mine, which is rich in gold resources and reserves, solidifies the company ' s tons and ranks first among the publicly listed gold mining companies in the country.
The company owns five core gold mines: Trisan Island gold mine, Kao gold mine, New Town gold mine, Linglong gold mine and Belladro gold mine (Argentina). By the end of 2018, the five gold mines had equity resources of 209.55 tons, 101.95 tons, 239.66 tons, 157.24 tons, 137.15 tons, which together represent 87.3 per cent of the total equity resources of the company, and the equity reserves.
73 tons, 29 tons, 81 tons, and 79 tons, respectively, which together account for 85.2 per cent of the company ' s total equity reserves, the Belladro gold mine in Argentina is a large open-air mine, which was launched in 2005 and collects gold and silver in a pile of immersion. The Beladro gold mine has been in production and is a mature active mine. By the end of 2018, the Beledro gold mine was in operation.
The amount of gold metal resources (at the 50% equity benchmark) is 137.15 tons, and the gold metal reserves (at the 50% equity benchmark) 78.93 tons. As a result of the significant decline in the mineral grade, mineral gold production fell from 2017 to 2019 to 17.04 tons in 2019, compared to 2017 to 14.5% in 2019.
Figure 16: Beladero mineral grade (g/tonne) Figure 17: Belladro mineral gold production (tonne) 3.2 Promulgation of future production. Inner: companies dig deep and fully exploit existing business capacity, projected to be “XIII”
At the end of the fifth day, the company is expected to produce more than 50 tons of gold. In Shandong Province, there is an increase in prospecting in key target areas such as the depths of the Santao gold mine in the western part of the mountain, the depths of the Kariji gold mine site, and outside Shandong Province, where efforts are being made to reach the depths of the mines such as Fujian province administration and the county origin mining company Ltd., the Chee-hu gold mining company Ltd., and the western and county central mining company Sino-Po.
A new breakthrough in prospecting is expected to lead to an increase in the company ' s mineral gold production.
It is expected that the consolidation process will be completed by the second half of the year, with continued mining and exploration activities focusing on deep mining and seabed mining to increase the resources and reserves of the gold deposits of the three islands.
In order to extend the number of years of service for the mines in the temples, it is planned to expand the border and production projects in the temples; plans are being made to renovate and build the new wells alleys, scheduled to be completed in December 2000. The expansion plan will increase the production of mines in the temples from 2,300 tons per day to 3,000 tons per day, and the company will increase its production from 2,300 tons per day to 3,000 tons per day.
According to the aai report, as of March 31, 18, 1998, there is a large number of sites in the north-east of the country that are still in the process of being mined.
The amount of resources covered by the exploration licence for prospecting rights in the mine area is 1,947 kyats. Once the exploration activity has been completed, it is planned to convert the exploration licence into plans to participate in additional prospecting activities to increase the amount of resources and reserves of the New City gold mine. In November 2017, an agreement was concluded with the controlling shareholders to acquire the exploration licence for the outer and deep areas of the New City gold mine. According to the aai report, as at 31 March 2018, the exploration licence covered the new city gold.
The reserves and resources of exploration rights in the edges and deep areas of the New City gold mine are 410 and 1,171 ounces, respectively. It is expected to be completed by the first half of 2019. In order to extend the duration of the mine ' s service, further exploration and exploration of the Linglong gold mine is planned to increase the mineral reserves.
According to the aai report, as of 31 March 2018, the deep portion of the gold mine covered by prospecting X-Ling-Lin-Hin-Hin had a reserve of 10 ounces and a resource of 89 ounces. Transfers are expected to be completed by the first half of 2019.
Overseas: The company will continue to deepen its internationalization operations by looking for high-quality offshore asset-producing mines, focusing on such mines as gold, copper, zinc (lead) and silver, and actively promoting high-quality project mergers and acquisitions in Africa, South America, etc., April 2017.
The Pascua-lama mines of Argentina and Chile invest in Argentina’s El Indio gold belt. In September 2018, the Gold Group, a company-owned shareholder, and Baric Gold signed a Mutual Strategic Investment Agreement to deepen their strategic convergence, with 300 million United States dollars (Buckley investing in Shandong gold stocks), actively creating more opportunities for mergers and acquisitions.
The company actively explores opportunities for gold mining in other parts of the world, and, building on its experience in joint ventures with Barrick Gold, will seek opportunities for strategic cooperation with other global gold mining companies, thereby upgrading the company’s position in the global market.
Holding shareholders: The company continues to identify the potential high-quality resources of the shareholders of the Shandong Gold Group, in particular the newly discovered areas of the Western Ridge Mine of Santao Island and the South Lu I Hinaki Mine of Joo, as well as those located in Henan and Hainan Provinces. According to their exploration reports, the gold content of the resources of the Western Ridge Mine of Santao Island is about 12,300.2 ounces of gold and the South Lu I Hinki Mine of Joo.
The gold content of the resource is 4.280.5 thousand ounces. And the company has a preferential right to purchase the amount of the resource from the controlling shareholder. The high-quality resource reserves of the controlling shareholder Shandong Gold Group will be an asset to the company’s future build-up and expansion. In addition, the controlling shareholder Shandong Gold Group’s deep experience in gold exploration and technological reserves will reveal more to the company.
As of 30 June 2019, the controlling shareholder, the Shandong Gold Group, owned 30 tons of gold mines belonging to China. As of 30 June 2019, 16 gold mining rights located in China had been identified as a total amount of gold resources.
The company will continue to search for and acquire high-quality gold-grade and rich reserves of gold-mining resources throughout the country, particularly in the Lé region of Shandong Province and in the remote areas, Henan Province, the Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region and Fujian Province, to achieve increased production of reserves.
The date of the transfer of the gold metal to the company's forecast time.
Table 8: Tandong gold group mining rights statistics (tons) Cash operating costs are lower than the Chinese average. According to the aai report, the four main mines in China (the Misan Island gold mine, the Kaji gold mine, the New City gold mine and the Linglong gold mine) are mainly ore types of broken and corrosive rock and quartz
Pulse ore, the type of deposit is large, the body of the deposit is continuous, and the average gold grade is high. For offshore mines, the Bella Deloitte mine is a super-large open-air mine with relatively low operating costs.
With the support of mature infrastructure, the company’s capacity in terms of productivity efficiency and economies of scale in mining operations has been enhanced.
The cash operating cost of the mines in the country is $682 per ounce, which is lower than the average cash cost of $715 per ounce for Chinese industry in the same year.
The report and Frost Sullivan report that the company’s weighted average gold reserves in Chinese mines are 3.06 g/t, which is higher than those of gold-producing enterprises listed in China and/or Hong Kong and operating in China. The company is working to increase the level of automation and intelligent control of mining processes, internal development of mineral selection and smelting technology, and investment.
According to the aai report, the company ' s weighted average poverty rate in China ' s mines and average mining loss rates were about 7.7% and 5.6%, respectively, and according to Frost Sullivan, the average poverty rate and average mining loss rates were 11.4% and 5.8%, respectively, in 2017.
One of the lowest levels in China for the same industry. Figure 18: Loss and impoverishment rates of mining in Shandong gold mines (%), 2 Western and Central Treasure mines are new and production is calculated on the basis of production in 2017
5. Gold prices remain dynamically high and 5.1 gold prices are associated with a negative real rate of return on risk-free United States dollar assets.
The real rate of return on risk-free dollar assets, on the other hand, is the opportunity cost of holding gold, so in the medium to long term, the trend in gold prices is related to the negative real rate of return on America’s long-end national debt (a risk-free dollar asset representative). From the real rate of return, the real rate of return = nominal rate of return – inflation rate – is related to the nominal rate of interest, which is positively related to inflation, and the public
The right-hand side is influenced by changes in the economic fundamentals of the United States. After November 2019, the 10-year real rate of interest on US public debt continued to fall, and gold prices were back on the upward trajectory: on 27 January 2020, the 10-year real rate of return on US public debt fell to negative, with gold holding costs of zero, and investment values were highlighted.
Figure 19: Gold prices are related to the negative real rate of return on United States long-end national debt ($/ounces, per cent) The United States economic cycle affects global financial flows, as the United States enters a boom cycle, the return on dollar assets rises, capital flows to the United States, the dollar appreciation against other currencies rises and the dollar index rises; the return on dollar assets rises in the United States economy
The decline in the rate, the outflow of funds out of the United States, the sale of the dollar and the decline in the dollar index, led to an extension of the transmission relationship “United States Economic boom-dollar asset returns (high gold holding costs, falling gold demand)-United States-dollar index increases”, which reflects the global demand for dollar assets, the negative dollar index and gold prices.
5.2 The global escalation of new coronary pneumonia has exacerbated the expected recession in the United States. New coronary pneumonia has hit both the supply and demand ends of the United States economy. At the supply end: the shock will lead to an increase in inflation, but as the number of new diagnostics in China has gradually declined, the rate of business recovery will rise, and the impact of the rise in inflation will be short-lived on 10 March.
On that day, only 31 new diagnoses were issued in China, with 5093 more confirmed at the highest level, a significant decrease; the rate of resumption of industrial work above the scale of Guangdong, Zhejiang, Jiangsu and Shandong was >95 per cent (as at 6 March), 99.8 per cent (as at 25 February), 99.7 per cent (as at 5 March), and 52 per cent (as at 4 March) for small and medium-sized enterprises in China.
China’s six major power-generating groups have rapidly increased their coal consumption since March, returning to last year’s same level, and China is back on track to resume production. Figure 22: New coronary pneumonia, China’s new diagnosis (person/day)
Figure 23: Existing increase in diagnosis of neo-crowd pneumonia in China (person/day) Figure 24: Back-to-work rate map of China (%): Average daily consumption of coal by the six major power generating groups (tonnes)
On 6 March, a new round of production reduction agreement negotiations broke, Saudi Arabia and Russia engaged in a crude price reduction war, and Saudi Aramco announced that Saudi Arabia would lower all United States oil sales prices by $7 per barrel in April, Asian oil sales by $4-6 per barrel, and European oil sales by 7 March; and Saudi Arabia announced that it would start in April.
The expected rise in crude oil supply prices has led to an acceleration of the downward trend in oil prices as a result of the former global economic weakness, with a sharp decline in the price of oil between $28.31 and $35.84 per barrel on 6 March and 11 March. The downside of crude oil will create deflationary expectations for the United States, offsetting the inflationary effect of the new crown pneumonia on the supply end; and, in the short term, under oil prices.
The expected price decline for gold as a result of the slide is greater than the rise in the rate of return on the national debt.
Demand-side shocks: New coronary pneumonia is currently on the rise globally, and as the number of diagnoses increases, some of the country’s or controlled residents travel and congregates will lead to a decline in industry revenues, such as catering, tourism, and entertainment. There is currently no major industry shutdown in the United States, but sports events such as the United States basketball leagues (nba), the hockey leagues (nhl) and so on.
In February of the epidemic, China dropped significantly, pmi, the United States, or repeat China’s trajectory, and the market is expected to cool off the United States economy. On March 4, the Fed fell on 50 basis points, setting the stage for the upgrading of monetary and fiscal policy countercyclical regulations, and on March 16, the Fed again.
By reducing the federal fund target interest rate range to 0-0.25 per cent, the US government debt rate fell immediately, and deflation is expected to stabilize as qe expands and fiscal stimulus becomes more available. For gold prices, the US economy continues to rise: it is stable in the short term, and the epidemic breaks in the future.
In response to the slowdown in economic growth, the Federal Reserve recorded three interest reductions in 2019, with a steady rise in the United States manufacturing industry pmi in January and January 2020 and a marked rise in services pmi; ppi reached a steady decline in January and February 2020, with core pce still below the 2 per cent policy target; and the number of new non-farm jobs rose from
After the second half of 2019, unemployment continued to decline below the potential level of gpd unemployment as measured by the Budget Office of the United States Congress, and there was a risk of future unemployment rates or upwards: the average weekly salary of non-managerials in private non-farm enterprises showed a small downward trend in 2019, but recovered in January/February 2020; industrial sector output in 2019
The utilization rate continued to decline, with no signs of a rebound as of January 2020. Overall, the United States manufacturing industry remained at a risk of recession, with a marginal improvement in the service climate in January/February 2020 and a short-term economic stabilization in the United States, but the impact of the epidemic on demand or figure 35: U.S. industrial output and industrial capacity utilization (%)
The US economy will be in the future: growth dynamics or weakening. As of January 2020, retail consumption had rebounded at a similar rate, affected by the escalation of the epidemic, the consumer confidence index had dropped significantly in March, retail consumption was on the verge of falling or falling back; similarly, as of January 2020, there was a downward trend in the stock of United States housing stock, but the housing market was on the decline in February.
In light of China’s economic trajectory in February, the new crown pneumonia epidemic has escalated or led to a sharp decline in consumer demand, and some industries have been shut down, leading to a significant reduction in the dynamic of economic growth. Figure 38: Retail growth in the United States has rebounded (%)
Figure 39: Decline in consumer confidence in the United States, and there is still room for falling rates of return on future public debt. The United States has a record low rates of return on its 10-year, 20-year maturity, interest rate curves, and the current interest rate curves are flat or portend a recession in the United States economy.
On March 16, after the Federal Reserve had reduced its interest rate by 100 bp in the early hours of March, the 10-year rate of return had returned to the base rate, and there was still room for a future decline in the rate of return. On March 13, US President Trump declared a “state emergency” in response to the new coronary pneumonia epidemic, saying that
Weeks will provide up to half a million new coronary virus test boxes, followed by millions of new coronary virus tests. As the US government values it, more American citizens will be screened, new coronary pneumonia will be diagnosed, or will rise sharply, and panic will rise again, with high volatility in shares, or money from risky assets to gold, to the state.
At the same time, United States President Trump announced that the United States would purchase large quantities of crude oil for strategic reserve use, and that recent signs of stability in Brent's crude futures prices were expected to stabilize, with a marginal weakening of the impact on gold prices.
In response to the economic crisis in the past, the increasing supply of money led to asset price inflation, higher nominal wealth growth in the wealth-rich segments of the economy, lower nominal wealth growth in the less-owned sectors, and a widening gap between the rich and the poor in American society as asset prices swelled. By the end of 2018, the United States was the whole country.
The Gini coefficient for households and households is 0.49 and 0.45, respectively, and the gap between the rich and the poor is large. The widening gap between the rich and the poor tends to fuel social conflict, and the rise of populist politicians in some parts of the world is a symptom of heightened social conflict. Moreover, the Middle East problem is still complex and geo-conflicts are likely to break out.
Collapse, trade friction between Europe and the United States of America, and Central America, has only eased in the short term, ambivalence has temporarily shifted to the new crown epidemic, and trade problems are likely to escalate in the future. A risk shock will create a brief upward pulse for gold prices, with risk events increasing in frequency or pushing gold prices upwards.
5.4 Gold prices are expected to continue strong, with a projected increase in the global recession, increased stock market volatility, a record low rate of return on the United States long-end national debt (10-year, 30-year-olds), a narrow trend in the spread of long-end national debt and a frequency or increase in future risk events.
The US and Britain have made unconventional emergency interest reductions, the global central bank has agreed on liberal monetary policy, and monetary and fiscal stimulus is expected to increase with the onset of the epidemic, US public debt returns are still on the downside, market evasiveness is rising, capital flows to hedge assets, non-commercial holdings of comex gold and the world ' s major goldets are out of reach in 2016.
The price assumption is that, as of 13 March 2020, the price of shfe gold stood at $356.40/g, which has increased by 2.85 per cent since the beginning of the year, and we expect the average price of shfe gold to be £370/g in 2020 and £408/g in 2021, respectively.
gram; while London's gold spot rose by 4.73 per cent in January, the second week of March fell sharply, with a price of $1529.71 per ounce as at 13 March 2020, and we expect the London gold spot price to be $1601 per ounce in 2020 and $1843 per ounce in 2021.
Volume assumption: Based on the characteristics of the gold enterprise, it is assumed that the company’s mineral gold will be produced and sold immediately, so that the company’s mineral gold sales are equal to production. The production of the mineral gold in Belladro is calculated on the basis of 50% equity.
The company focuses on the gold business, with mineral gold producing the highest in the country, which accounts for more than 90 per cent of the total. Nine of the mines are located in the gold-rich province of Shandong, buying quality gold from abroad, expanding overseas.
In addition, the company has an advantage in producing higher levels of gold minerals in the country, and the overseas Beradero gold mines are expected to increase in grade and gold production as new mining sites are mined. As the new crown pneumonia epidemic hits demand, there is a global agreement on monetary easing.
It is hoped that interest rates will drop, while deflationary expectations will be stabilized, and gold prices are expected to rise. Gold prices will fall sharply, exchange rates will fluctuate significantly, mineral grades abroad will continue to fall, assets will fall short of expectations, mineral prices will fall, and industry policy risks will follow.
The “market index” of this rating system is based on 300 indexes of depth. I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association to produce this report in a diligent and professional manner, independently and objectively and to the extent that I know it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the company’s relevant business sectors, issuers, listed companies, etc.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report.