29 October 2019: on 29 October, the company issued a three-monthly report for the year 2019, which achieved business income of 24.660 billion yuan, an increase of 5.51 per cent over the same period; total profits of 2,697 million yuan.
Coal power in Western Hills (000983.sz) increased by 2.16 per cent over the same period; net profit for mothers was $1,806 million, or 18.62 per cent over the same period; net profit for non-retroactive mothers was $1,817 million, or 17.73 per cent over the same period; and current research assistant for Zhou Jia from operating activities
The company's performance has grown steadily in the last three quarters. The company achieved $8,142 million in the first three quarters, an increase of $731 million (+9.86 per cent) over the previous three quarters, and a Māori rate of 33.02 per cent, compared to the rate reported in West Mountain Coal Power (000983), which is well-valued in coal owners.
Western Hill Coal Power (000983), quarterly reports: three quarters of performance, 3.51 pct. q3 costs (including R & D) of 1,572 million yuan, an increase of 140 million yuan (+9.74 per cent) over the same period, ring falls of 203 million yuan (-11.43 per cent), and Western Hill Coal Power (000983) reports a positive performance: Coalheads are concentrated.
The cost rate is 20.35 per cent, an increase of 2.70 pct and a decrease of 0.73 pct over the same year. q3 net gain of $538 million for the mother, an increase of 130 million yuan (+32.03 per cent) for the same year.
Robust growth, resource advantages and long-term development” 2018.04.26 The scarcity of coal-refining resources and the company’s dominance in the coal market guarantee long-term sound growth. Most of our coal-producing coal is produced in poor and less productive conditions, with significant clean-up in the supply-side reforms since 2016, while new coal-mining products are predominantly powered, and there is a tendency in the medium- and long-term to see a contraction in the supply of coal-reducing coal.
We believe that the price of coal, especially high-quality coal, will be guaranteed in the long term at a medium-high level. The main coal, the main coal in the ancient deposits where the company’s main production area is located, has the advantages of low ash, low sulfur, good coiling, and so on, is particularly good in the country.
In addition to the importance of the supply of high-quality coal-cooling building No. 1 of the 9th Alteration Street in the West Side of Beijing, the Congregation Mechanism led by the Sanxi Caro Coal Group, a company-owned shareholder, will also guarantee the company's cash profits.
Taking into account corporate resource advantages and expectations of state reform, the “buy-in” rating of companies is maintained. Equity price catalysts: economic growth is higher than expected; supply-side reforms in the coal industry are higher than expected; and corporate reform processes are higher than expected.
\triangleright Risk factors: economic downside, low demand; security accident risk.
He was the Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Service of the China Coal Industry Association (which chaired the work), engaged in research and advisory work in coal and energy-related fields, chaired the 13th Five-Year National Coal Survey and Development Planning Study, revised coal industry technology policy and enterprise-related advisory studies, and joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2016, which was responsible for research in the coal sector; Zhou Jie, Master of Mining Engineering at the General Coal Science Research Institute, Master of Business and Industry Management at the People's University of China; joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in May 2017 for research in the coal sector.
This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSCP, which provides support and reference in investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. This report is provided only to the specific client mentioned above. It is not intended to the public that the report is publicly produced by a publicly available information deemed reliable by the CSCR, but the CSV does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the points of view and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the report, or the securities or investments referred to in this report.
The price, value and investment income of the capital may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.