Coal power in Western Hills (000983.sz) increased energy equity and contributed to growth in performance The company issued a performance announcement for the third quarter of 19 and earned 24,660 million yuan, yoy + 5.5 per cent in the first three quarters.
On the one hand, the company’s production of additional coal mine rights over the next two years is expected to generate increased yields, on the other hand, it is scarce in the country, the company’s good coal quality, and the long-term trend of shrinking coal supply.
Finally, Shanxi changed, as the only company listed by the coal cartel, the group infused its assets to promote sustained growth in corporate outreach and maintain a “buy-in” rating. Acquisition of 10% shareholding in the energy boom, with a three-quarter increase in performance: corporate revenue and net profits in the first three quarters.
The company achieved a full rise in coal prices, with an increase in coal sales caused by the release of slashed coal, such as an 11% increase in primary coal production and a 17% increase in sales in the first half of the year. The company’s performance in the third quarter grew mainly through the receipt of 10% of the share in the energy of the energy of Western Hills held by the Power Power International.
In the third quarter, minority shareholders ' interests were affected by three quarters of coal smelting down by faulty peak production and national celebratory events, as well as a decline in demand, resulting in a three-quarter average of the Chinese Coco Price Index.
The company's combined Māori rate for the third quarter was 33.33 per cent, and the ring rate was 3.51 percentage points.The last period cost was 0.83 higher in the company's previous three quarters as a result of an increase in sales on a year-on-year basis.
After 10% of the share in energy, companies hold 90% of the energy source. Shining energy is an important controlling subsidiary of companies, with a net profit of $1.657 billion in 2018 and an increase in the company ' s coal equity capacity after the acquisition, and three quarters of a decline in the coker price index ratio, which is still 3.5% higher than the previous year.
In the case of the latter city, the scarcity of coal production in the country, the accumulation of supply side reforms, the withdrawal of small and medium-sized production capacity, the tightening of supply side reforms, and the relatively high share of coal imports, the tightening of the latter's import policy, the prospect of coal being kept high for the long term, and the company's domestic coal core.
Head enterprises will benefit fully. Shanxi has changed to promote group asset injection: the company is the only market platform for coal-based coal-processing assets in Shanxi, which is the largest coal-based production and processing company in the country, and its suppliers.
At the end of mid-eightteenth year, the Coal Group asset equity rate was 25.7%, and the Western Coal Power and Coal Production was only the Group's year of taking over the 13th Five-Year Plan, and the change process in Shanxi would accelerate. As Shanxi moved forward (to strengthen market value management for listed companies, increase asset securitization rates), the Group was excellent.
Qualitative assets are expected to accelerate their reorganization, inject into listed companies, and increase their growth space. The year pb is 0.92 times higher. Companies have a stable profitability, low valuations, and maintain a “buy-in” rating.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. are not made by individual clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose.