Heconway Electronics + High Quality Auxiliary Defense Industries, Bureai Opens New Fields, Southwest Securities Research and Development Center
• Suggested logic: the security sector is expected to usher in a new boom. In the long run, macro-data investments in government fixed assets are expected to rise at a turning point, infrastructure investments are expected to grow at a lower rate, and it is expected to rebound in the second half of 2019, leading to a rise in the security sector’s boom; and government policy in the short term.
It has continued to promote the security sector, with global security industry leaders remaining in charge of total revenues under the 13th Five-Year Plan by 2020, and its ability to innovate has continued to be at a high level of leadership. Heconway has six years of video surveillance, controlling the world’s leading industry, with a 21.4% share of the global video surveillance market.
The strategic direction is to lead industry development through innovation, with sustained leadership in technological innovation, product innovation, and programmatic innovation. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
A long-term pro-security industry, underpinned by integrated management information, web-based management, with a focus on public security video surveillance network applications, and a high degree of convergence between construction needs and corporate product services, will contribute to continued firm performance.
The Snowlight Project recovered from the project’s winning scale at the end of 2018, and by 2020 only urban and rural markets had at least $4.2 billion in market space. Innovatively proposed an alcloud structure to create a platform for intelligent networking.
The concept of alcloud was proposed for the development of the artificial intelligence age property network industry, defining the three tiers of alcloud's “marginal nodes, margin areas, cloud centres” and the core principles of alcloud's “marginal perception, needs-based convergence, multilayered perception, and hierarchical application.” In the coming years, companies will revolve around aicloud.
Open platforms, working with a wide range of partners, to promote the development of the property network industry. The market for the Heicon robotics, the Haikang drones, and the auto electronics sector is gradually opening up, and companies are constantly being advised to forecast and invest in profits. We predict that Heiconway's three-year net return profits will be earned in 2018-2020.
And for the first time, in areas such as depth layout, it was covered with an “upgrade” rating. 1, “super-high clearance industry development” imposes higher requirements for security surveillance, and is expected to drive sales of high-quality products such as 4k at the front end by about 20%;
Three, the size of smart households, robotics, car electronics markets, and the corresponding growth rate of sales of innovative business products are projected. Markets tend to misjudge industry trends, and there is a lack of awareness of the vast market space created by such policy benefits as “snow engineering” and “super-high-high-level industrial development.”
However, we believe that: 1) the security sector is now at the start of a new cycle, with a relatively low stock price and a trend rebound in the second half of 2019, leading to an explosion in the security sector; 3) in the short term, the security sector has a certain correlation with macro-data, and this year's growth is expected to return to a warmer pace, with policies such as "Snowing Project", "4K High Screen" , etc.
The market believes that the trade war will have a huge impact on the company, and that the company’s operating income will decline significantly. We believe that the US trade war will have a limited impact on the company, with business revenues reaching $20.876 billion in 2018, compared to a steady increase in the year-on-year corporate revenue.
1) The size of the Snowlight Project will rise in late 2018 and the construction of the Snowlight Project in 2019 is expected to continue at a steady rate; 2) with the opening of the business market of 5g mature companyai; 3) security smartness will lead to an increase in hardware end value;1 China's development of the security industry into a new age of intelligence
The development of the security sector in China can be divided into five phases: the 1979-1997 phase, the 1998-2004 initial development phase, the 2005-2009 rapid development phase, the 2010-2015 upgrading phase, and the 2016-to-date maturity phase. Security surveillance techniques and products have also undergone continuous innovation, from simulating closed circuits, digital videos, and networking to high-cleaning.
Göring, a new era of intelligent transformation now under way. Figure 1: The new start of the 1.1 cycle of security surveillance and surveillance technology products, with a new boom in the security sector, is expected.
In 1998, the Ministry of Public Security proposed the construction of the “Golden Shield Project” to improve the efficiency of public security and to detect the level of detection, and in April 2001 it was officially set up by the National Planning Commission as a priority for the national information system.
One is that during this period, the security sector has seen a rise in the collection price, and the corresponding security industry is now well-intentioned to consume. The 2005 stock price cycle led to the launch of the “3111” project by the Government and the rapid advance of the first 22 demonstration cities, with the construction of video surveillance projects, immediately following the start of the second series of “Technology Police” demonstration cities in 2006, with a total of 38 cities.
The second phase of the construction was also rapidly under way, with 66 cities and 419 sub-districts, and so the boom in the construction of a safe city was officially set up throughout the country, and the security industry began its next good cycle with a sharp rise in stock prices, which reached 251.11 per cent in 2007, with the corresponding construction completion expected in 2008, with a peak in the stock price cycle and a decline in stock prices.
In 2009, the Ministry of Public Security issued a series of standards requiring a higher degree of clarity of images, thereby placing higher demands on the pixels of cameras, stimulating the market demand for high-quality cameras, significantly raising the market size of the security industry, which entered the era of high-cleaning for the next good cycle, 2010 being the first year of Internet surveillance, followed by the 2011-2015 "10"
After three previous cycles, the security sector had been protected in recent years by the Snowlight Project, the New City of Smartness, and so forth.
Construction progresses and the security sector enters a new cycle: a new era of intelligence, stock price performance at lower prices and rebounding trends at the end of 2018, building on previous cycles, where the security sector is expected to usher in a new boom from 2019 to 2020.1.2 The future development of the domestic security industry has gained significant advantages.
1.2.1 Gross domestic income from the security sector is much higher than global growth, and the global security sector has experienced rapid growth since it entered the era of high cleanliness in 2011, with a total of $257 billion in 2017 compared to a total of $16.6 billion in 2011, an increase of nearly $100 billion in total global revenues from the security sector.
US$ 8.15% compound growth rate; domestic data show that the construction of “Safe Cities” benefited from 32.8 billion yuan in 1255, an increase of nearly 210 billion yuan and a growth rate of 15% compound growth, which is much higher than global growth rate. In recent years, the growth rate of income growth in the security sector has shown signs of slowing down, with a lowest rate of 10.20% in 2016, and the construction of the “Snowing Project” benefited.
As the world’s largest markets change, security demand rises, and market space potential is unlimited, with future overseas markets expected to grow.
1.2.2 China is the largest supplier of global security cameras, and it accounts for nearly 40% of the global security camera market, and it is the main supplier of global security cameras. The number of security cameras has increased from 31.34 million in 2014 to 1.6733 million in 2018.
The combined growth rate was 16.34%; in terms of global market structure, Chinese security cameras and professional video surveillance equipment account for more than 40% of the global total, making them the largest suppliers of global security cameras.
Figure 6: The growing importance of China ' s global market for cameras, which is over 40% of the world ' s cameras, and of video surveillance, which is the main battleground for the security industry, is moving towards networking and intelligence, with video surveillance monitoring and video surveillance.
The market size of video equipment in the controlled market has been declining, from 74.57 per cent in 2013 to 38.27 per cent in 2018, while the corresponding integration of video surveillance with video surveillance operations has been increasing, reaching 57 per cent in 2018, and its importance has become increasingly evident.
Video surveillance has become an essential requirement for ensuring social stability and the safety of public property, from the size of the video surveillance market in the country.
The size of the 2017 market is $106.3 billion, an increase of 10.5% over the previous year, and is expected to remain at a rate of more than 10% in the future. At the same time, demand for counter-terrorism is rising in terms of international demand, and markets in developing regions such as South-East Asia, Eastern Europe, Africa, the Middle East, and South America are expected to lead to a significant increase in security demand.
It is hoped that the country’s video surveillance penetration rate will accelerate. Meanwhile, rising awareness of security issues has led to a growing demand for video surveillance, which is expected to grow rapidly in the future.
Billion dollars, a 15% increase in the same year, are expected to keep the market up at over 10% in the future. And the market structure for secure products can be divided into video surveillance, access control, physical protection and other, building-to-house/intellectual home, anti-piracy alarms, platforms ... with the largest share of video surveillance, reaching 50.60%, as a core product of the security industry.
Investment in government enterprises constitutes the main battleground for security surveillance. The security surveillance industry comprises mainly the itu-t/iso/iec Organization for Standardization, chip manufacturers, equipment manufacturers, sensors, etc., basic algorithms and core software providers, in midstream, mainly hardware, equipment suppliers, software providers, system integrators, etc., downstream, mainly end users, user structures in three main categories, and the first major category.
For government applications, such as the “Safe City” (Safe City), party organs, public security prisons, etc., the second largest group of enterprises, such as finance, energy, education, transport, real estate, etc., and the third category is commercial civilian, such as retail sales, civilian, etc.
1.3.2 In terms of government policy, it has continued to promote the development of the security sector. During the development of the security sector for more than 20 years, the national policy has been in progress.
As a major player, “Safe Cities” has a 17% market share in the downstream structure of the video surveillance industry, bringing rapid growth to the security sector, and the continued introduction of other policies such as the City of Wisdom, the Snowlight Project, and the Super-High Clean Industries Development Programme will continue to stimulate demand in the security sector.
According to the development plan for China's security sector “135” (2016-2020), which was published by the Association, the security sector will be scaled up, automated, intelligently transformed during the period of the 13th Five-Year Plan and, by 2020, the total revenue of the security sector enterprises will be around 870 billion yuan, with an annual growth rate of more than 10 per cent and an increase of 250 billion yuan in the industry, based on forward economics.
In 2017, our smart city market reached $6 trillion, in 2018, in 2018, in which it will be 7.9 trillion, in which it will maintain a complex growth rate of around 30% in 2018-2021, and in 2021, in which it will be 18.7 trillion yuan. And security will be at the heart of intelligent city construction, which will give security control industries.
The Snowlight Project leads the industry to continue to grow at a very high rate. It is written into Central Document I, which means that the village will be built at a faster pace, reaching the scale of the security project and the Ten Million Light Project in 2016.
The size of the Xinjiang project increased by 130.65 per cent in 2017 to 42.37 billion yuan in 2017, of which the size of the Xinjiang project increased by 30.04 billion yuan: the size of the Xinjiang market was reduced from 15 billion yuan in 2017 to 2 billion yuan in 2018, and the size of other urban markets continued to grow at a high rate, except for the special factors of Xinjiang, reaching its size in 2018.
To 36.7 billion yuan. The project is expected to reach the "four-size" construction target by 2020, with snowwork reaching nearly 14 billion yuan in urban and rural markets alone, based on the size of investment in each county in some 2,800 districts of the country, with an expected investment of about 7 billion yuan in 2016-2018 and at least 7 billion yuan in market space by 2020, representing an important increase in the security sector.
Figure 16: The size of the urban and rural market for the snowflake project, the “super-high-cleaning industry development” and the surveillance industry, which currently stands at more than $4 trillion, has improved the ecological system of the 4k industry, and has made a breakthrough in the development and industrialization of 8k key technology products.
Launched on 28 February 2019 of the Plan of Action for the Development of the Ultra Quality Video Industry (2019-2022), which creates industrialization capacity based on the special equipment for broadcasting 4k year 4k cameras, monitors, switchboards, etc.: 4k TV terminals were sold over 40%; over 10,000 hours/year of production capacity was achieved; 4k ultra high Quality Video Users reached 100 million; and humanities were taught.
Demonstrations based on ultra-high-quality video were conducted in the areas of entertainment, security surveillance, medical health, intelligent transportation, industrial manufacturing, etc. By 2022, it is expected that the cos image sensors, optical cameras, specialized video processing chips, code-coding chips, etc. Nuclear core instruments will have broken through, with industrialization of the 8k front-end core equipment; 4k television terminals will be fully accessible and 8k television will be finished
The proportion of end-of-life sales exceeded 5 per cent; over 30,000 hours/year of production capacity was achieved, and the Beijing Winter Olympics competition was launched in the context of the 8k production experiment: 200 million users of ultra-high-quality video: scaling up of ultra-high-quality videos in areas such as cultural entertainment, security surveillance, medical health, intelligent transportation, industrial manufacturing, etc.
With the development of technology and improved transmission conditions, there is an increasing demand for security surveillance image clarity, starting with the challenge of traditional analog cameras in 2010 to the basic needs of many users today, with households seeking clarity rising from year to year. The greatest advantage of ultra-clear video is high resolution, followed by digitalization of video.
A new round of major technological innovations following the clean-up process. This has been accompanied by the growing maturity of 5g web technology. A good load of 4k, or even 8k, will provide a wider market for video surveillance, which will help to move from “see and understand” to “see and understand”, with video surveillance and analysis of higher value and market opportunities.
1.3.3 In terms of investment in the construction of government enterprises, market demand is monitored. The completion of investment in fixed assets is highly relevant to the security sector.
And government investment here is replaced by the completion of fixed-asset investment, which is found to be highly relevant through regression analysis, and is more statistically significant in the case of a one-year hiatus in the security sector than in the case of a one-year lag in the collection of fixed-asset investment, which is more significant than in the case of a one-year lag in the collection of a year in Hai-Con-Han.
This is followed by the selection of transport, financial education, and real estate areas for relevance analysis in accordance with the end-user area of security surveillance, in which the demand for video surveillance equipment in the area of transport is growing steadily.
The share of traffic in the downstream structure of video surveillance is comparable to that of “safe cities” at 17%, so the area of transport construction has some relevance to security surveillance. This is done by using transport, storage, and postal investment to replace traffic.
The new generation of “smart traffic” and “intelligent network” management tools are developing at a fast pace, with annual compound growth rates of more than 20%. The intelligent transport industry will be experiencing a steady period of sustained growth and, in the future, the demand for video surveillance equipment in the field of communication will grow steadily as intelligent traffic develops.
(2) Finance: Security in the financial sector underpins the important growth in the surveillance sector. The financial sector accounts for 12% of the downstream structure of video surveillance, after “Safe Cities” and transport construction, so construction and surveillance in the financial sector have a certain relevance.
Financial construction is relevant to the security surveillance industry, and returns show a higher positive correlation between security surveillance and surveillance with a one-year lag, but statistics are less significant. The financial sector, as a major end-user, is faced with declining annual growth in fixed-asset investment in the financial sector.
Business sectors and security are constantly raising new security needs and increasing demands on financial security management, and security needs in the financial sector can still support growth in the security surveillance industry. Figure 22: Changes in the completion of fixed asset investments in the financial sector
(c) Education: “Safe campus” is an important area for monitoring developments in the security sector. From the following chart, there is a positive correlation between the pace of investment in education and the rate of increase in the receivables of leading companies in the country.
In accordance with the relevant regulations of the State education and public security departments, school safety prevention is based on the establishment of preventive security surveillance, the use of technical means such as alarm, video surveillance, electronic blindness, and access control, and the combination of security patrols, in order to ensure the safety and security of schools.
Investments in fixed assets have also been increasing, reaching 1.11 trillion yuan in 2017, and there is much room for future development as an important area for growth in the security surveillance industry. (4) Real estate: the demand for business video surveillance is an important part of the security surveillance market.
The share of real estate in the downstream structure of video surveillance is 8%, and the real estate sector accounts for a larger share of the market for security surveillance terminal customers. According to industry research, domestic demand for security surveillance involves about 30-40% of business solutions, and business operations form an important part of the security surveillance market, with investment in construction generating a certain amount of security services.
Impact, where business-based housing development investment completion levels are used to analyse the relevance of business operations to security surveillance, returns results show a strong correlation between the two and a high statistical level.
1.3.4 In terms of the urbanization process, the market demand for surveillance and surveillance is low in the western part of the country and there is much room for growth in the future. According to data published by the National Statistical Office, the urban rate was 59.58 per cent in 2018, an increase of 1.06 percentage points over the previous year.
In 2017, more than 50% of the population of Henan, Sichuan, and less than 50% of the population of Guangxi, Yunnan, Guizhou, Tibet and others in the south-west. Regionally, with the construction of new cities in the west, urbanization has increased considerably, resulting in a return analysis of the rate of urbanization and security in the west.
The pace of growth in leading businesses is highly relevant, and future increases in urbanization in the West will provide greater market space for the security and control industry.
2.1 Focusing on video surveillance, the former middle- and center-end-plus solutions are industry-wide chain layouts. Heconway is a video-centric, network-based solution provider that provides integrated security, smart operations, and big data services globally. Heconway is the world's largest security provider, digitalized, network-high, intelligent.
According to the ihs report, the video surveillance industry in Heiconway has been worldwide for six consecutive years, with 21.4 per cent of the global video surveillance market share. In 2017, Heiconway saw cloud-side integration as a guide to the development of intelligent applications.
The three-tier architecture of the Fragmentation Node, Marginal Area, Cloud Center will contribute significantly to the development and application of artificial intelligence in the field of object networking. Focusing on video surveillance, the front- and back-end products and solutions will gradually be configured.
Main business, progressive development into a full range of products and solutions provider covering the safety and visual management needs of the entire video surveillance industry. Of these, the products and solutions of the corporate integrated security business block cover mainly front-end products, back-end products, display products, door-ban alarm products, smart traffic products and transmission products; and products and solutions of the smart business block are mainly products and solutions.
The products and solutions of the big data service plate are mainly related to the need-based convergence of data based on big data intelligence analysis and structured data.
2.1.1 Integrated security sector operations. Corporate integrated security operations products include front-end products, back-end products, display products, door-ban alarm products, smart traffic products (1) front-end products, with high-intensity intelligence integrated fully into front-end products, combined with a growing wealth of smart chip security.
A fast-changing product, the most representative of which is the Haikang “Deep Eyes” series of smart cameras, which is more effective in achieving a real sense of understanding, (2) back-end products, high-intelligence of Hekonway back-end products, better environmental relevance in product systems, higher value for value, storage integration devices dedicated to video cognitive calculations, gpu video graphic intelligence calculations
There are also more generic, open, and arithmetic-free conversion and computational central equipment for stored resource pool calls. The most representative products are Haikang's "superbrain" series, which won China's first 10 new sharp products in 2017.
Tier-level products, continuing to expand the Centre ' s field of operations, through seamless integration, transparency, curvature, homogeneity, etc., to achieve interactive access to information, information-intelligent investment, and large-scale data integration. (4) door-to-door alarm products, Heiconway sees a combination of artificial intelligence technologies in the area of door-to-door alarm products.
Applied products. For example, Heconway's visual "blind" near-face recognition products, covering access, attendance, visitors, consumption, ladder control, access to people, visualization of a variety of peripheral devices, quick response speed, interactive interface friendly, support for large-capacity human face comparisons and photo protection, greatly expanding the application of face recognition techniques.
(5) Smart traffic products, Heconway visualizes the depth of transport learning products, which are enriched around alcloud, pushing out a range of intelligent transport products. Smart traffic lines continue to build on technological bottlenecks, closely link people and cars, use information and networking techniques, embed new applications, set up eco-pathic environments, and achieve sustainable development. For example, Heconway sees God.
“Find” series of smart traffic products, whose smart functions such as “walkers break through red lights”, “disciplining pedestrians” and “far lights test” are widely used in urban civilization building. (6) Transmission products, which support access to, and networking of, various types of networked terminal equipment.
In 2017, the company launched the long-range poe switch product series and the wireless network bridge product for elevators, making the sensor equipment faster and easier access to the network.
2.1.2 In accordance with the alcloud structure, Heiconway looks to the public security, transport, justice, human rights, energy, finance, smart buildings, etc., to enable them to be intelligent. For example, in the area of public security, alcloud helps to combat crime and maintain security.
In the area of public services, the alcloud service travels intelligently to create a green and harmonious environment; in the commercial sphere, the alcloud helps owners to optimize products and services and improve business efficiency; and in the financial sector, the alcloud enabling and accurate marketing, which enhances client experience: in the educational field, aicloud will provide intellectual education and innovative teaching management.
2.1.3 Big data service plate: In recent years, the company ' s big data service platform, the Ying Shikun Open Platform, has grown and the company provides a wide range of commercial users with videos that capture integration, big data storage, big video intelligent analysis, big data retrieval, data analysis excavation, etc.
Analysis is integrated with the Big Data Information Management Service, combined with the company’s traditional security operations, to promote rapid intellectual development in the industry under the alcloud structure. By the end of 2017, 28 million devices were connected to the fluorescent cloud, with more than 20 million users, far more than any other counterpart in the industry.
Figure 30: Re-profiling of the company ' s products across the 2.2 seven major sectors bg. Operational efficiency is expected to increase in the seven major sectors bg. Operational efficiency is expected to improve in the previous seven sectors.
The Board has been restructured into two large businessgroups, one pbg for public security markets, one bbg for enterprises, and one 30% for government procurement in the country, and one that will be in demand in the future, so that the future business market bbg will continue to grow at a high rate, above pbg and smbg.
Public security markets are urban-centred and are oriented toward the public security, transport, and justice sectors. They can overcome the waste of resources that was previously divided by industry, as a result of inter-industry integration, to make the resources fully valuable, to manage them better and to improve the efficiency of the company’s internal operations.
Investment in smart transport, and in government security and social management. Slow growth, management's focus on business efficiency, business management, corporate purchasing, group control, and market space in the enterprise market.
From this perspective, customers in the enterprise market expect more central management in the application of the ii. The SME market is smb, the main customer is small businesses, small units, high demand, stable demand, and unpoliticized.
The size of the SME market has grown faster in recent years, and the market will continue to grow steadily in the future. 2.3 The core competitive advantages of the new paradigm are evident.
While production-technology advantages extend to downstream markets, such as Heath, Merchant Technology (Arithmetic Corporation), which controls the supply of chips with technological advantages, and downstream, the core downstream competitiveness is now a whole integrated operation service, Heiconway sees that it has now completed an integrated whole-of-industry chain layout and faces intense competition in the market, and that the competitive edge of the company is mainly in four ways:
The first is the pre-emptive advantage as a market developer; the second is the overall advantage of corporate product coverage; the third is the continued high level of R & D inputs and innovation advantages: the fourth is the differential advantage of products and services; and (1) the market pre-emptive advantage: companies are one of the earlier firms in the country engaged in the development of network visualized basic framework products.
The company has accurately captured the large-scale development of the country’s broadband Internet, mobile communication network infrastructure and the rapid increase in network penetration, and has gradually established itself as an insider through high levels of investment in research and development, efforts to attract excellence, the creation of core clients and continued focus on the main business.
In 2006, the company launched two 10-g network link pretexts and high-density business panels and high-level years under 24 g-diversion pretexts. In 2006, the company began to develop new mobile network products, achieving full coverage of the network visualization base-frame product to the mobile network.
A step-by-step consolidation of the company's advantage in the network visualization base structure product market. (2) Product coverage advantage: company network visualization products are divided into two broad categories: broadband Internet data aggregation, distribution management products, and migration; mobile access network data collection and analysis products.
Motive, centralized products in six main categories. Each product has its own characteristics and meets different application needs. (3) R & D inputs and technological innovation advantages: companies have been building on the development philosophy that “a strong R & D power is the foundation of continuous enterprise innovation” and are increasingly investing in research and research, and the share of R & D in revenue has been maintained at 6 to 8%.
At a higher level of input, the company had more than 13,000 researchers in 2017, with technical staff accounting for 49.70 per cent of the company ' s total, mainly in research institutes, product centres, systems centres, where there is a greater investment in research and development of products and systems that support the enterprise. In the first half of 2018, investment in scientific research amounted to 1.913 billion yuan, representing an increase of 31.50 per cent, or 31.50 per cent.
Business income is 9.16%, which shows a steady growth trend. While the Institute is mainly developing advanced technologies at the cutting edge, such as cloud video decoding, computing, in-depth learning, and big data, to provide technical support to product centres, systems centres.
Auto-research and development of smart265, significantly reducing transmission and storage costs, and enhancing product competitiveness. To address the challenge of large-scale and slow transmission of video information, companies combine H.265 and smart analysis techniques to develop smart265, using different coding methods for futures and contexts, and increasing the coding pressure to ensure subjective quality by creating background models and extracting prospective targets.
The smart 265 coding technology is fully compatible with h.265, which reduces the amount of data by at least 30% below H.265 in the same image quality, reduces transmission and storage costs, and enhances the competitive advantage of corporate products. The Starlight and Black Light series establish Haikang’s global leadership in the field of “visibility.”
Commercial camera products have been combed and the company is already in the lead on several key indicators of “visibleness”, especially as it is a “starlight” technology. Starlight cameras are cameras that display clear colour images in a starlight environment without an aided light source, with the offshore manufacturer axis taking the lead in launching the “wider lighter”, the lower the light level, the better the performance in the sea in 2013.
In 2016, Heikang launched the Starlight + series, using large target sensors, combined with a patented ISP processing technique, with better results than traditional starlight products. Heikang used a patented specex dual-light integration technology in the industry.
For the first time, a black light series of cameras was launched, with much higher performances in low-sight settings than in friendly products. Seacom is now well above axis in product rotation.
With the vast majority of the end-users of the company’s products being government departments and operators, the Ministry of Public Security, Military Equipment, and others involved in national security and international secrets. Companies do not rely on external research and development strategies to guarantee the quality and confidentiality of their products, while at the same time gaining the trust and consistency of their clients.
3 takes the lead in building alcloud ecosystems, investing in marginal intelligence, 3.1 to build up and work together to win, around the aicloud builder networked biosphere, the age of artificial intelligence, and to effectively address the digital explosion of video surveillance and achieve core access to information.
In the coming years, the company will open up its platform and algorithms, arithmeticals, arithmetic, arithmetic, and numeracy.
Data, products, training systems, software platforms, application scenarios, hardware architecture, etc. are linked. Many partners are working together to develop and promote a built-in networked biosphere. Companies are open to downstream producers with the full range of resources: (1) computing storage pools and arithmetic warehouses are available and infrastructure is open;
(2) Open access to data resources through the Material Networking Data Pool and the Big Data Pool; (3) Open access to service platforms through the Smart Services Platform and the Big Data Services Platform: (4) Open access to application interfaces through the Smart Services Platform and the Integrated Applications Platform:
(5) In addition to the product-level openness, Heikang will further develop channels to win with partners for mutual benefit. The company has now reached a consensus with nearly 20 partners to build an open ecosystem of alcloud, including intergovernmental partners, mainly in the areas of public security and humanism.
The project will continue to attract more manufacturers to become part of an improved aicloud ecosystem. Figure 36: alcloud architecture 3.2: Comprehensive layout of products around alcloud architecture.
The company completes the layout of its core products around the alcloud architecture, which injects al into the product and continues to lead the market through technological and product innovation. For example, the front end of the "Deep Eyes" series of products, with cameras, is a typical representative of the perception of the edge, and by giving the edge intelligence, it monitors and characterizes the achievement of the goal at the edge node.
Smart perception understanding functions such as extraction: back-end products such as the seacomb “superbrain” series, embedded design, integrated high performance gpu chips, embedded depth learning algorithms, integrated video storage, intelligent analysis applied to one, and analytical applications such as human face analysis, perimeter preparedness, video architecture, etc. can be achieved while keeping in mind traditional nvr video storage.
Heikang proposes a "crowd-side integration" program, which focuses on marginal intelligence. The calculation of the edged device (ai camera) is to transfer key data only to the cloud end, which is referred to by Heikangway as "the edge of the calculus, which is the trend." Video data are large, redundant, continuous recording properties, which determine how much of the data will be recorded.
It is difficult to aggregate all the data into cloud-end computing. By enabling front-end, human face recognition algorithms are preset, video processing is more timely, and bandwidth loads and storage costs are reduced. There is a clear advantage to the “cloud security” programme proposed by China: and the implementation of alcloud is closer to the original security system design than the cloud-centre programme, and thus relatively less costly.
In addition, the current construction of the anti-security system is based on a project approach, and the programme design for cloud integration is more responsive to the differentiated needs of different security projects for ari numeracy and ai perception, so we prefer the traditional anti-ai upgrading path. idc predicts that by 2020, the number of indexation devices will reach 50 billion, or about 50% of them.
The edges are complete. The front-end intelligence offers greater benefits by increasing the accuracy of the perception, increasing the speed of the sensing, reducing the noise of the transmission process, reducing transmission costs and reducing storage costs. 3.3 Anti-ai market space potential is unlimited.
At present, the ai product is presented as a solution, and the company ' s ai project has been launched. The Haikang hardware product is presented as a solution, and the whole product line is designed to meet the client ' s demand for a breakdown. At the industry application level, Heikangway has started the application of the aclud+ industry solution, and the al project has reached more than 30 provinces across the country.
Level administrative areas, the main areas of application include emergency command, human services, urban operations, traffic management, business decision-making, etc., to provide aai solution service.
In January 2018, the Government's ppp project on public security video monitoring and networking in the city of Xian, signed by Heiconway, invested a total of $786 million in new and integrated video surveillance 45,000 roads, involving 11,904 feature cameras, 3569 feature players, 5,000 face camera, 11,000 feature cameras,
Fluid statistics cameras 48, 180-degree view cameras 193, high-altitude view cameras 35, two-way four-lane high-light, smart cards 500 (including security truck lane grab cameras 2000 and multiple-dimensional feature cameras 1,000), modified high-level smart cards 43 (including security truck lane grab cameras 165 and multiple-dimensional feature cameras 86), total
35,000. New two- or three-bit access platforms are being created to access 10,000-routed social unit video images. In this project, the front-end equipment for transmission has been defined as a public safety front-end sensor system, with a clear mix of smart, face-recognition cameras, and with the ongoing work on "Safe City", "Wise City" and "Snowlight Project" the front-end face-recognition cameras.
The demand for machines is rising, the penetration rate is expected to grow further, and the potential for future market space is unlimited.4 Sea Convergence sees high profits and financial health 4.1 profits are growing steadily
Haekangwet, with 10,746 million yuan in revenue as early as 2013, increased by 48,96% over the same year, with a steady increase in revenue and profits at the same time. The trend is to have a stable share of revenue.
The Māori ratio of the heart-controlled product reached a maximum of 53.03 per cent, while the Māori ratio of the other front-end back-end products was also over 45 per cent, which was a higher advantage than the Māori share ratio of the Great China. 4.2 The impact of the trade war was limited, with a steady increase in overseas receipts.
The company ' s overseas market has been expanding, with a steady rise in the collection ratio, rising from 16.87 per cent in 2010 to the proposed cameras, ip cameras, etc., where products account for 25 per cent of the United States market, while developed country markets, such as the United States, account for a smaller share than overseas, with a steady increase of 26.69 per cent during the first half of 2018, with companies abroad growing at a rate of 26.69 per cent.
The net interest rate on maritime equity was significantly higher than the industry average. The net interest rate has rebounded since 2011 and has grown in line with the industry average until 2014 when the net interest rate on equity stabilized, reaching a net interest rate on equity in 2017.
By decomposition, observing the ratio of total asset remuneration to equity multipliers, the higher level of gross asset remuneration benefits mainly from a higher rate of total asset compensation. The Heconway rate of compensation for total asset compensation is above 20%, 21.63% in 2017, while the industry average is around 6%, and the industry average of 6.02% in 2017, which is much lower.
On the other hand, the equity multiplier, which has remained low at the level of liability, has led to lower equity multipliers for companies, which have increased slightly in recent years in line with industry levels, but are still below industry averages, reaching 1.69 per cent in 2017, with industry averages of 1.90 per cent and industry averages not significantly different.
By decomposition of the total net interest rate on assets, both net interest rates on sales and asset turnover rates are found to be above the industry average. The net interest rate on seaconway sales is above 20 per cent, with 22.38 per cent on sales in 2017, while the industry average is around 10 per cent, and 9.02 per cent in 2017, far below the net interest rate on seaconway sales.
In terms of rates, Heconway also remained above the industry average from 2010 to 2017, with a total asset turnover of 0.90 in 2017 and a stable industry average of 0.53.1 “Super-high clean-up industry development” poses a higher demand for security surveillance and is expected to drive up the front end of 4k.
(iii) An increase in the size of the intelligent home, robotics, car electronics market, with the corresponding growth in sales of innovative business products projected, we use the fcff valuation method for absolute valuations, with the following key assumptions:
(a) A constant growth rate of 3 per cent; (b) a risk-free rate of return on public debt for a 10-year period; and (c) a beta value used as a approximation of a company ' s unleveraging beta (for the last two years, index depth of 300);
4) Market rate of return selection: using the average rate of return for the last five years of depth 300 as a market rate of return; 5) target capital structure using the Schenwan II industry classification - the average capital structure of the furniture industry; 6) tax rate: assuming a stable real rate of 25 per cent.
Table 2: Company absolute valuation assumptions Table 3: Company fcff sensitivity test
So we have chosen the relative valuation method for valuation. 1) Overseas markets open up risks: corporate operations cover more than 150 countries and territories around the world and may have a negative impact on the business development of companies if there is trade protection, debt problems, political conflicts, etc. in the countries where the operations are carried out.
2) Snowwork does not meet the expected risks: Snowwork investment is largely a national government investment and is more influenced by policy, not excluding increased uncertainty in construction due to the continued slowdown in government investment in 2019. 3) Risk of exchange rate fluctuations: the company ' s share of overseas operations is growing and the exchange rate is likely to fluctuate significantly.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.