The year 2018 saw a steady growth of performance, with short-term challenges not changing for the long term: the company issued its annual report for 2018, which generated operating income of 49.4 billion yuan a year, up 18.9 per cent from the previous year.
The Māori rate rose by 44.9 per cent to 0.9 percentage points in the same year, and the net profit attributable to the parent company was RMB 11.35 billion, an increase of 20.6 per cent, and the net profit per share was RMB 1.24, an increase of 20.4 per cent, an increase of RMB 160.3 million, an increase of 13.1 per cent in the fourth quarter, and the net profit attributable to the shareholders of the listed company was RMB 3.96 billion, an increase of the same amount.
In the first quarter of 2019, corporate sales revenue rose by 6.2% over the same period, reaching 48.940 billion yuan, while in the first quarter of 2019, revenue growth slowed to 6.2%, one of the leading players in the global security video surveillance market, and its business position is constantly moving towards a video-centric solution.
The change in suppliers, the challenges faced by companies in the first half of 2018 and 2019, the slowdown in government and major customer purchases in the domestic market, and the continuing Chinese-American trade war, which challenged the expansion of companies abroad, especially in the developed world, remained high despite the high rate of revenue growth in 2018.
Parity, but growth was under pressure in 2019. While the Māori rate has recovered steadily, the cost rate has increased but is largely under control: the Māori rate for companies rose by 44.9 percentage points in 2018 compared to the previous year, and the Māori rate for overseas markets is challenging, while the competitive environment in the domestic market is competitive.
There has been some improvement. A breakdown of the products shows that the Māori rate of the company ' s main product has remained largely stable, while the Māori rate has increased with the expansion of the scale of Choi. The domestic market has remained largely stable.
Both the size of income and the Māori rate have steadily increased, while overseas operations have slowed significantly as a result of uncertain impacts, such as the trade war, and Māori rates have declined. Companies are still driven in terms of costs, including R&D and marketing costs, in the ongoing investment process, and are in the main direction of the i and overseas channels.
The recovery of the industry was a matter of concern in 2019: in 2019, the company disclosed its performance report for the first quarter and its expectations for the first half of the year, net profits fell in the first quarter, and the first half of the year was expected to belong to the shareholders of listed companies.
Heaconway: The security industry is on fire, leading firms are fast moving net profits at -10%-10%. According to data, companies faced more challenges in operating in the first half of 2019, and we believe that orders purchased by governments in domestic markets and large clients are gradually released and overseas trade disputes are entering.
Heaconway sees: mid-reported performance growth robust, intelligent innovation, and later on, the scale of operations will be released, with the second quarter slightly better than the first quarter in data terms. Business markets as a whole, be it traditional security video surveillance, or a combination based on video capabilities.
The overall solution to cloud computing services still has much room for growth from the demand side, both in line with the upgrading of domestic production and in the global social development landscape.
Heaconway: While the net profits are increasing year-round, and the challenges facing the Division in the short term remain cautious, overall growth prospects remain optimistic, with companies still having good growth opportunities as industry leaders.
International trade disputes have developed beyond expectations; innovative business has developed less than expected; and product competition has led to a decline in profitability. Corporate sales earnings rose by 18.9 per cent to RMB 49,840 million in 2018, Māori by 44.9 per cent, Māori by 0.9 percentage points in the same year, net profits attributable to parent companies by 20.6 per cent to RMB 11,350 million in the same year, and net profits by 20.4 per cent to RMB 1.24 per share in the same year.
Companies have gradually moved from suppliers of secure video surveillance products to video-centric smartness networking solutions and big data service providers. Despite the challenges facing the overall domestic and foreign environment in 2018, companies have achieved a steady increase in the scale and profitability of their operations through effective control of market expansion and management.
(i) Business head, as the company expands on its business model, moves towards video-centred smartness networking solutions and large numbers, which, according to service providers, were still robust in 2018 in the face of global trade disputes and domestic macroeconomic challenges
The company ' s Māori and operating profit rates increased by 0.9 and 0.3 percentage points in 2018, respectively, by 44.9 and 22.8 per cent, and net profit rates decreased by 24.8 per cent in the same year by 0.1 percentage points.
The company continued to maintain a high level of management efficiency, with 115 working days in 2018 for corporate receivables, 135 working days for accounts payable and 71 working days for inventory.
Reduction of 1.3 percentage points, net liability equity ratio of net cash, reduction of corporate debt ratios as a whole, corporate leverage control (ii) challenges in the fourth quarter of 2018 and slower performance rate of $16.03 billion in operating income achieved by companies in the fourth quarter of 2018, an increase of 13.1 per cent in the same year, attributable to the net benefit of shareholders of listed companies
Roughly $3.96 billion, an increase of 21.5% over the same period. Since entering the second half of 2018, companies have faced a slowdown in orders from large domestic clients and the impact of international trade disputes, both in terms of income and profit growth, with a more pronounced decline in the same year, with companies facing challenges.
Figure 9: Business income and growth over the past 12 quarters Figure 10: Net profit and growth over the last 12 quarters
The pace has slowed, but adjustments in product structure and company pricing advantages have led to a small increase in the company’s Māori ratio. In terms of cost rates, the company’s cost input has increased, based on comparable caliber sales rates, administrative costs rates, figure 11: profitability over the past 12 quarters
Figure 12: Over the past 12 quarters, the main segment, with innovative products led by smart households, has also gained rapid growth and, with scale effects, gross interest rates have risen. Market distribution shows that overseas markets face challenges, growth has slowed and the Māori rate has fallen, and the domestic market has remained stable.
(i) The steady pace of growth in major operations and the 14.2 per cent increase in the volume of innovative business have declined, with the fastest income growth in the segment of operations being the centre-controlled equipment, at 44.3 per cent in comparison with the previous year, showing that companies have achieved results in the transition to core programme suppliers. It is a matter of concern that, starting in 2015, they have been unique.
There has been a significant increase in disclosed innovation, with smart households, represented by fluorescent stones, growing significantly.
Māori rates also increased effectively, by 5.8 percentage points, as scale effects became apparent. (ii) Domestic markets remained robust and overseas operations faced challenges. Overseas markets slowed down to 15.9 per cent, significantly below past levels, as a result of the trade war.
With regard to the Māori rate, the domestic market also experienced 2.9 percentage points of growth in the context of a steady increase in income. Companies disclosed performance reports for the first quarter of 2019, with sales revenue rising by 6.2 per cent to RMB 9.94 billion per year, Māori by 44.8 per cent per cent per year per year and net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies by RMB 1.54 billion, a 15.4 per cent decline in the same year.
(iv) Future development strategies and business plans: expanding the ai application to integrate cloud edged letter structures The company continues to focus its development strategy on “video-centric smartness networking solutions and big data service providers”, with the main directions of work in 2019, including:
Continuation of fine marketing in the stock market to ensure stable and efficient food production: opening up the one-perception smart business market, \triangleright to meet the increased need for intelligent fragmentation; and development of large data operations within cloud-side and property-intrusive integration frameworks.
Continue to advance innovative business development and work towards making innovative business more robust, and continue to upgrade the research and development capabilities of companies in terms of technology, products and systems to better meet client needs.
The product and solution are twin-tracked, with a focus on upgrading the solution ' s marketing capacity, and a sustained focus on organizational capacity development to improve per capita effectiveness.
We keep a cautious view of the challenges facing companies in the short term, but overall, whether the global market for video surveillance is also a field of application of solutions centred on video, the growth prospects of the industry remain optimistic, and companies as industry leaders still have product revenues: 1) traditional products, both front-end and back-end, receive value upgrades driven mainly by the ai, while traditional products receive value increases.
The growth in the volume of goods will slow; (2) central control equipment will be able to maintain a relatively high rate of growth during the company's strategic drive; (3) the growth of operations will slow as traditional new products grow on income scale, but the expansion of new products will remain organic. With regard to the Māori rate, we believe that the main products have largely entered a relatively smooth process, and companies are not pursuing market shares.
On the cost side, companies will continue to invest effectively in product R & D, and sales costs will need to increase in the expansion of overseas markets, but as the scale of business expands, the scale effect will lead to a generally flat trend in overall cost rates.
The process of expanding new and traditional operations will maintain a steady level of investment. Domestic governments and large clients are not moving as fast as expected in order inputs and implementation; China’s trade wars and international trade disputes are growing faster than expected;
Innovative business development is less than expected and product competition leads to a decline in profitability.