Centre for Research on Innovative Technologies and Business Services
Heaconway (002415.sz) buy-in (first rating) Smart joints, entourage, reboot, short-term performance fluctuations that do not affect long-term good trends: the company is the global leader of the security industry, surrounded by one.
The clud architecture, which completes the layout of the core products of the peripheral nodes, edges, cloud centres, is moving from an integrated security service provider to a video-centric network solution provider. The company's deep-scale layout of the ai+ security and 4k high-resolution video surveillance is expected to benefit positively in the future.
Rapid growth is expected to continue over the next three years. Because of such factors as trade friction between China and the United States, and delays in domestic security projects, the public believes that companies have a strong accumulation of technology, strong innovation and good managerial capacity, and short-term performance fluctuations do not affect the long-term good-looking pattern.
A strong growth in the security industry, China ' s growth rate is higher than the global rate, and there is still room for growth in the number of cameras per capita: the global security industry has grown robustly, with total global security revenues of $257 billion in 2017, or 8.9 per cent compared to the previous period, and is expected to reach $27.58 billion in 2018, or 7.3 per cent compared to the previous year; China is the world ' s largest security market, with the size of China ' s security market in 2018.
By 2020, China's security market would have reached 80 billion yuan, with an annual growth rate of over 10 per cent. Using the number of video surveillance units per 1,000 population, the average number of surveillance cameras per 1,000 population in the north of one of the country's top cities is about 41 per 1,000, or 43 per cent of the average in the United States;
The cable city is one-tenth of America’s average, and the number of cameras per capita in our country still has better room for growth.
In the annual artificial intelligence market, computer visualization ranked first, at 37%, while in computer visual applications, the security ratio was as high as 68%. The combination of intelligence and cloud-proof edges, based on big data mining, cloud-side computing, and model learning, would be very promising.
In the future, seepage will accelerate, with China ' s i+am market in 2017 amounting to RMB 3.95 billion, expected to reach RMB 13.5 billion in 2018, the ultra-highly clear video industry development plan was launched, and new opportunities for development in the 5g era: by 2022, the country ' s ultra-highly high video industry is expected to exceed RMB 4 trillion in total. The rapid development of the 4k super-high market will bring new opportunities to the security industry.
A round of opportunity, 4k Monitor is a whole system that collects codes from the front to the network, decodes them to the back, stores them, and displays, all of which require supporting products. Heikang has launched a system program consisting of 4k-star light cameras, with product lines, and Xin Xin Xin Xin.
All in all, the product itself has a deep intelligence function that activates the ai smart application by margin calculation. Project Chin (8621) 61038318 state Northern Eye, Land's mouth, etc., has been completed, and we look forward to the Haik 4k solution, as the ultra-clear video technology advances.
In the future, rapid growth is expected. Luyangyang's industry is slowing down, the size of government projects is increasing, decision-making cycles are long, trade friction between Central America and the United States is growing, and export growth is occurring.
Uncertainty, the entry of giants like Hua, Ali, and increased competition. First, Haikangway: from hardware to security, iot ecology 1.1 is centred on video, surrounding aicloud layouts to protect against ecology.
Heaconway visualization is a video-centric, networked solution provider that provides global access to comprehensive security, smart business and big data. Since Heaconway’s inception, the company has developed into a security and visualization that encompasses the entire video surveillance industry.
A full range of products and solution providers to manage demand. In 2017, Haekangway saw cloud-side convergence and led the development of intelligent applications. A three-tier structure of aicloud ' s peripheral nodes, margin areas, cloud centres was pioneered and would greatly advance the development and application of artificial intelligence in the field of object networking.
The company completes the layout of the core products around the aicloud structure of the edge nodes, edges, cloud centres. From the function of the product, the Hai Conway view business is divided into front-end and back-end products. The front end product consists of a variety of end-sense devices with cameras at its core, including enhanced cameras, intelligent cameras.
The back-end product consists of an arithmetic setup for video recognition, and all kinds of displays. From downstream applications, Heiconway looks to the public security, transport, immigration, education, energy, finance, smart buildings, etc., to create ai resource control, data, etc.
In the case of snowlight projects, for example, snowlight projects build public safety video images through a hierarchical information-sharing platform that brings together large video resources from government departments, industry units, and society at large.
To promote the sharing of video resources and provide visual support services such as real-time surveillance, video access, etc., corporate products are divided, fluorescent, industrial level: 1) hekivision, which refers to traditional security clients' visual frequency surveillance products, as well as pan-security products (e.g. drones, gps, storage).
Intelligent family products include active defensive cameras, smart cat eye + fingerprint locks, human-shaped smart cameras, together with fluorescent cloud platforms, web cloud platforms and big data technology, offering one-stop smart life service solutions; smart business products.
The products include commercial security devices that combine global video cloud service platforms to provide national and international users with real-time data transmission and application services. 3) Industrial hikivision, mainly mechanical visuals and mobile robots.
The company ' s high Māori ratio - the share of central control equipment operations is increasing. The 2017 annual report classifies the Department ' s main former sound and video products, with 50.3% of the revenue, while the latter sound and video products, central control equipment, smart homes, and innovative businesses account for 14.7%, 12.1%, 2.6%, respectively.
▪ In summary, corporate operations are based primarily on video content, targeting the security needs of Governments, businesses and families, and further promoting product diversity and holistic solutions. 1.2 Growth is robust and Māori rates have improved continuously since 2016
Performance has grown rapidly. Since it was listed in 2010, the net profit on corporate revenue and homecoming has been growing at a rate of 21.9 per cent per year in the first three quarters of 2018, with a 20.2 per cent increase in net profit on homecoming, which has slowed at a certain rate, mainly as a result of a slowdown in downstream demand.
Quality of good business. The company’s net profit return is growing very fast, and the company’s profit quality is always healthy. Since 2009, net cash flow from the company’s operations has been maintained and reached $9,114 million in 2018. The company’s Māori rate has remained at over 40% for a long time, reaching its bottom in 2015.
1.3 The ability of integrated services to build corporate barriers to competition is at the heart of smart security. Under the trend of the Internet, the security sector is moving from the traditional monomechanical model to Internetization, but the problem of “fragmentation” is becoming more pronounced, in the form of intelligent urban information islands.
Smart homes are not connected, big city data are difficult to circulate, and so on. The emergence of security solutions helps to break the information islands and to better connect devices, data, platforms, etc., according to the needs of the application landscape.
Hardware research and development is one of the priority areas of security, but looking at the future security industry, the whole security solution is at the heart of smart security, and a single hardware function needs to function better in the system. As downstream security demand becomes more personalized and diversified, the number of smart security products becomes more numerous.
In addition, one of the main advantages of the solution is that it can be managed centrally, centrally and systematically, so that users can be “multiple” and so forth.
The increase in the proportion of solutions will become a competitive barrier for top firms. Since 2015, the company ' s Māori ratio has gradually increased, mainly because of the higher Māori rate that benefits from solutions products.
The solution is to improve the system’s construction, pre-existing smart camera layout, and backstage computing storage with the highest quality security experience, which can affect industry up and down. The one-size-fits-all revolution of security companies, which requires a complete solution with only front-end smart hardware, is to create a system that can be built in a way that is more effective than the other.
Second, urbanization is accelerating, and there is still room for growth in the security sector, with China growing faster than the rest of the world.
After years of development, the external security sector has established a high entry threshold and has been relatively stable within the industry. Since the onset of the 2008 financial crisis, the global security sector has also been affected in some ways, with the global economic recovery in 2010 and global security sector markets growing.
Recovery. Global security industry revenue in 2017 was $257 billion, an increase of 8.9 per cent over the same period, and is projected to reach $27.58 billion in 2018, an increase of 7.3 per cent over the same period.
Intelligent transformation has been upgraded, with China projected to have a market size of 800 billion yuan left by 2020, with an annual growth rate of more than 10 per cent.
On 14 December 2018, there were nearly 2632 publicly tendered urban security projects, covering traffic control (1173), safe cities (599), smart traffic (374), snowwork process (339), smart city (103), face recognition (21), smart policing (11), urban brain
(8) Artificial intelligence (4) 7 times more than in 2017 than the previous billion projects in 2018. 149 projects with a total of 44.4 billion, about 7 times more than the 6.5 billion in 2017.
In terms of the number of projects, traffic control remains the most popular, at close to 44.57 per cent; snowworks show up at 12.88 per cent; and intelligent cities.
The number of projects has declined and is unlikely to be a hot spot for construction; and the high-tech face-to-face group of 25 artificial intelligence projects, which together account for less than 1 per cent, may be related to the fact that there is no separate tender for the i-technology integration project: the more interesting smart policing project and the urban brain project have emerged.
In the list of projects, there are 11 and eight, respectively. More or less. Smart cities, safe cities, snowworks, etc., are very active, and this is expected to provide an incentive for the security industry to continue.
Of these, 110 were tendered in 2017, amounting to RMB 8,498 million; 2,522 were tendered in 2018, amounting to RMB 8,474 million.  Jiangsu, Guangdong and Zhejiang provinces ranked in the top three.
In the order of precedence, the top 10 provinces, municipalities and autonomous regions are Jiangsu (78.2 billion), Guangdong (72.8 million), Zhejiang (55.9), Shandong (53.4), Tianjin (49.8), Jiangxi (46.8), Guizhou (45.7), Shanghai (45.2), Beijing (39.8) and Sichuan (37.4).
• 599 projects in the safe cities, with the highest number of tenders and the highest number of winnings, 28,650 million and 23,280 million, respectively, and the largest number of traffic control projects, 1173; most of them were in the third and fourth quarters and accounted for the entire year in quantitative terms, respectively
The ratio is 31.05%, 30.85%, compared to 32.88% for the whole year, 2.3% for China’s anti-industrial policies, and rapid growth of the industrial chain. The current status of security downstream applications is government-led and commercial.
Household structures can be broadly divided into city, industry and consumer markets, with the first need for security driven by demand at the lower end of the government, which is still largely driven by policy, such as the prevalence of smart cities in the past 12th & 13th.
Surveillance of safe cities, smart traffic, etc. in downstream applications is the main government end market, but opening up businesses in smart buildings, Brunei, banking and finance, as well as in emerging markets such as no-man supermarkets, autopilots, etc., will create a constant demand for security surveillance.
In 2018, 40 instruments were issued to encourage the development of norms. In 2018, China ' s security sector continued to develop in a healthy and steady manner, except for the traditional security policies of digitalization, intelligence and networking.
The explosion of ai and the government push for the use of the Smart City and the Snowlight Project in secure landings led to a new wave of development. Looking back, the development of environmental policies is a good guarantee for the sustainable development of the safe industry, and it caters to artificial intelligence, intelligent cities, the Internet, etc.
In 2018, 19 laws, administrative regulations, sectoral regulations and regulatory documents were issued by the relevant ministries and agencies of the country: local laws, regulations, and policies.
There are 21 regulations and regulatory documents.  China’s security sector is constantly improving, and the number of patents is growing. It is thanks to technological advances and improved industrial and artistic processes that our security sector has developed rapidly.
In 2018, the number of national security patents was 5819, an increase of 48.3 per cent over the previous year. China’s security industry grew faster than the world, and the industrial chain grew rapidly, from a&s 2018 to “global security”
The number of cameras per capita in China’s second and third-line cities is one-tenth of the average for every thousand people in the United States.
The number of video surveillance cameras available as an indicator, for example in Beijing, the city with the highest camera density in the country today, has only 59 cameras per 1,000 people, which is 80 per cent of the United Kingdom average, and 60 per cent of the United States; the average number of surveillance cameras per 1,000 people in the north of the first line of cities is about 41, with an average value of approximately 41 cameras per 1,000 in the north and four in the north.
43% of the US average; the number of second-line cities and third-line cities is below 10 per 1,000, which is one tenth of the US average. A comprehensive analysis shows that our cameras are still larger from the penetration rate to the foreign mark.
The three regions of the Tijule Triangle, the Long Triangle, and the Ring Sea account for more than two-thirds of China’s continental security sector. In the regional distribution of security engineers, Shenzhen, Shanghai, and China’s security sector are as important as ours.
Beijing and Guangzhou have an important role to play in security engineering, so South and East China account for a relatively high number of security engineers. After a long period of development, the security sector has become geographically distributed into the “Bead Triangle” region, which is characterized by the concentration of electronic security products.
The concentration of technology and foreign capital enterprises in the “long triangle” areas, which is the main feature, and the concentration of integrated applications, soft products and services in the three major clusters of industries in the “Call Sea” areas, which account for more than two thirds of my country's defence industry.
The regional advantages of the defense industry are evident. The security belt, centred on the Pearl River Delta, has become China’s largest, fastest-growing, most numerous products, and the most varied new products and industrial-intensive areas: the Yangtze Delta, centred on the Sea, Jiangsu, Zhejiang, and has become an ambulatory product.
One of the key areas of manufacturing: the Rim Sea region forms a cluster of security industries in Beijing, Liaoning, Shandong, and Tianjin. Moreover, the production companies of Ani are also characterized by industrial clusters in the area of single products. Fujian has three main industrial advantages: surveillance cameras, building contests, anti-piracy alarms; and Tianjin-style.
High-speed ball and cloud production advantages: Zhejiang formed dvr, high-speed ball, matrix industry advantages: Beijing formed light-end machines, electronic patrol agents, closed-door industry advantages: Guangzhou created building dialogue and public broadcasting industry advantages: Jiangsu formed An cable, high-speed ball, blast-proof camera industry advantages
In 2018, there was a huge explosion of tenders in Guizhou. In terms of the amount of tenders, the economic situation in the provinces is essentially related.
iii. iii.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.g.g.a.a.g.g. to be.g.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b..b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.
As algorithms mature, artificial intelligence is gradually being applied on a large scale in various fields, while the security industry has very high real-time, accuracy requirements, and artificial energy + safety. In the security chain, hardware and equipment manufacturing, systems integration and operation services are at the heart of the chain, and channel extension is the backbone of the chain.
The upgrading of the industry is imperative, and the provision of whole-body solutions through physical networking, big data, and artificial intelligence technologies is a trend for many firms. Security is one of the most desirable landing industries for artificial intelligence.
The industrialization of artificial intelligence is a change in the ai+vertical industry. Big data and pre-emptive, responsive, post-trace claims match artificial intelligence training needs and technical logic.
One of the most desirable landing industries for industrial intelligence. The "ai+security" has moved from conceptualization, technology alignment, to product, scene, operational applications, and ecological construction.
The problem is getting worse, mainly in the form of network bandwidth problems, timeliness problems that are not effectively addressed. The emergence of margin calculations effectively alleviates these problems. Cloud computing focuses on non-real-time, long-cycle data, and business decision-making scenarios.
There is an irreplaceable role in scenarios like this. This makes the combination of the edges of clouds a new trend: some calculations that require centralized processing continue to be handed over to large cloud computing centres, such as big data mining, large-scale learning: there is a great deal of real-time need for interactive computing, and analysis is done at marginal nodes.
3.2 Intelligent security has just entered its initial phase, with a ratio of less than 1%, and is expected to penetrate rapidly in the future, but currently, it has a low penetration rate in the field of security, is in the development phase and holds better prospects for development.
The use of intelligence in the field of security has been successful as far back as 2012, but other customized services, be they human face recognition, structural analysis, etc., only slightly improved in 2016-2017. The use of smart cameras in the field of security is 1%.
The most basic and important eye function is the need for 50 million cameras a year for smart cameras alone. In fact, we have less than half a million smart cameras in the field of security, and the rate of use is just 1 per cent.
In 2018, the market was more rational in terms of the penetration rate of 0.4 per cent of the public security dynamic identification system, which, according to the speed at which it was laid, reached approximately 16.6 per cent, while the penetration rate from equipment was about 0.4 per cent, taking into account the existing public security surveillance cameras on nearly 23 million roads throughout the country.
In the field of security, smartness has gradually become the direction of the industry’s transformation, and smart security has gradually increased in the security sector.
In 2018, China ' s security sector market broke down by 600 billion yuan, of which the size of the smart sector was estimated at 2001 billion yuan, and the size of the smart sector was expected to reach 451.4 billion yuan by 2022, with a combined growth rate of 22.6 per cent between 2018 and 2022.
China’s ai+An defense market grew at a high rate. Market size reached 13.5 billion yuan in 2018, and it is expected that the city’s market will continue to grow at a high rate in 2019, starting to stabilize by 2020, when the market size will reach 45.3 billion yuan, and the Chinese i+An defense hardware market will be closed to approximately 13.53 billion yuan in 2018, with video surveillance taking over.
Most of them, almost 90% of them, are the main track of the ai+ security race. Of these, the top market is more than 3.8 billion yuan, or 28.3%, and the centre market is more than 7.4 billion yuan, or 54.8%, while in the core field of the i+A public security, the total market is about 9.31 billion yuan, of which the top market is about the same size.
1.380 billion yuan, or 14.8 per cent, and about 6.65 billion yuan, or 71.4 per cent, of the market size of the centre side; limited penetration, or about 3.8 per cent; limited penetration; and relatively small access control of key products, such as human face recognition machines, door closures, etc., with relatively low thresholds and links to surveillance of human face identification, so much of the security is secured.
Product and solution providers are involved in this sector of business, with a relatively large market. It is worth noting that knowledge mapping and security smart robotics have a short start time and a small share, but have a strong potential for development, with a rich structured information pool, large-scale configurations, social governance landscapes and knowledge mapping.
To be needed, robots still need a longer period of maturity because of the products that support complex scenes, with a 100% increase in front-end harvests in 2018 and a 70% increase in back-end seizures. In 2017 and 2018, artificial intelligence began to be truly secure, with a much faster rate in 2018.
A year of development. The collection structure by front-end products, back-end products, middle-controlled products, engineering works and others has remained largely unchanged over the last two years, while the collection of ai products has increased by 100% in the front-end ratio and by 70% in the back-end ratio.
The ratio of goods to products at the front end or back end is not the overall ratio.) This is an indication that, based on the existing structure of market demand, the i product is increasingly valued and welcomed by the market. Although the overall ratio is still small, the public security sector “creates a new batch, an old batch, and eliminates a single batch”
According to the guidelines, in 2019, the share of i-products in security companies' video surveillance operations was no less rapid than that of i-guard companies, which are expected to integrate.
In the absence of data to support a larger breakthrough, and in the absence of data to support a larger breakthrough, a larger number of which are known to be in the hands of the government, greater breakthroughs without data to support; large-scale security firms, despite long-standing strategies for combining deep learning, technology to develop and develop, with big data and big data.
An integrated command platform has the advantage, but most of it is only in the second half of 2017 that smart security products are actually introduced. This creates a resource that is not well matched to technology, a resource that lacks ai technology, and a product that is difficult to scale.
3.3 Rapidly developing smart security industry chains Smart security industry chain, including upstream zero component suppliers, algorithms and chip suppliers; middle-stream hardware and software equipment design, manufacturing and production chain, including primarily front-end cameras, back-end storage video
Devices, audio and video products, screen providers, system integrators, service providers, etc., are applied downstream for product distribution and end-of-life customers at the city, industry and consumer levels.
The chip algorithm is the basis for intelligent security development. With the spread of intelligent cities, the security market capacity continues.
Increased intellectualization of security products, growing sophistication of digital surveillance technologies, artificial intelligence, large-scale landing of technology in the security market, promotion of traditional industrial evolution, and, from it, the expansion of the security market. In the intellectual security chain, upstream algorithms, cores.
Arithmeticals include image processing, video compression, and content literacy. Computer vision, in-depth learning, integration algorithms, and other important artificial intelligence algorithms.
Introduction and innovation to help prevent products from being adapted to the growing security needs of the general public. The application of smart algorithms in the field of security is largely reflected in the use of smart algorithms for intermittent work to monitor video images to compensate for the lack of human capacity to maintain surveillance for long periods of time: biometric techniques to solve problems.
Human face, fingerprints, voice, etc. are stolen: improve security product confidentiality and defense level, and ensure that the site is secure. Previously, the basic framework of algorithms was virtually cut off by foreign companies, but in recent years, with the rapid maturity of artificial intelligence depth learning algorithms, China's Chip Designer
Division and equipment product manufacturers are committed to improving and optimizing basic algorithms, developing their own unique algorithmic techniques, with some high-quality image content recognition and algorithm suppliers emerging. Chips-high-performance deep-learning algorithm accelerators are still supplied by foreign chip manufacturers.
The area of surveillance and surveillance, the chip is one of the highest-cost zero components of hardware equipment and the core component of visual surveillance equipment, which can be analysed in real time through the built-in artificial intelligence chip of front-end cameras, video content, object detection, identification of people, vehicle properties and transmission to back-end manual via the network.
The power of the chip directly affects the system's image quality, code flow control, smart recognition efficiency, information stability, etc. The processor chip required in the security video device is mainly the soc chip, back end of the network camera.
Soc chips in dvr/nvr, as well as four types of Isp chips in depth learning algorithms, accelerator chips, and front-end simulation cameras. Currently, the high-performance deep-learning algorithm accelerator chips are still supplied by foreign chip manufacturers, but the remaining three processor chips have achieved a greater degree of national production.
With the rise of chip nationalization and technological innovation, China’s average price of anti-security surveillance equipment has gradually declined and applications have been expanding, further promoting the size of the smart security industry market with front-end simulation camera sisp chips.
To carry video image processing functions. Around 2010. The front-end simulation camera image in the cos. Sensor has started to replace the ccd image sensor on a wide scale. Chip manufacturers have developed a microchip based on the cos image sensor, starting with a small- and medium-sized anti-security device plant in South China.
The company took over a certain market, which was followed by the successful import of its products into the Sea Conway, which further replaced the share of foreign manufacturers (e.g. nextchip). dvrsoc chip. dvrsoc chip will be cpu processor, memory, dsp, or asic chip.
External interfaces, etc., integrate, assemble video recorders, video partitioners, cloud-coated camera control, alarm control, and network transmission, and have a high level of interface abundance, low capacity, and reliability. The dvrsoc chip company is based on Heiss, Texas instruments, and Heiss has a large share of the market.
The front-end network camera ipcsoc chip. The front-end network camera usually uses the ipcsoc chip, the ipcsoc chip, which is mainly integrated into the Isp technology and video decoding technology, has a high compression ratio of video, the ipcsoc chip price of the decoding technology gradually takes over the market, and supports the H.265 code decoding process.
The French chip manufacturer is the main competitor, and the national producer, represented by China Hayes, relies on better value for money and better localized services to achieve a rapid replacement of the share of overseas producers (Texan instruments, hegemonics) and a larger market share.
nvrsoc chip. nvr is a web-based, whole-of-the-pop video monitoring solution that receives digitized pre-processed ip stream for centralized video storage, management and forwarding. The nvr chip is growing at a high rate as the ipc+nvr package becomes mainstream.
Solitaires such as Hayes, Texas instruments, Maywell, etc. High barriers to competition due to the large amount of input required for chip development in this area. Ai Chip - the most mainstream deep learning chip program in the field of security is currently gpu. But gpu exists.
Fpga/asic smart chips developed for the security industry, such as dpu chips (fpga) for advanced technology, npu processors (asic) for Beijing King-jung, ai server chip (asic) for the cold martial arts, etc., are available.
The rationale for cloud-side convergence (i.e., cloud-side computing and margin-counting) in macro-structures has become a consensus in the industry. While the solution dimension of a specific scenario needs to be explored through a large number of forward projects, government departments and large-scale business clients have become more aware of the trend towards security smartness.
In the field of security, the gpu chip is almost monopolized by British Weida. In order to achieve the smart function (i.e., to move the deep learning algorithm), the front and back end of the security surveillance system needs to be added to Yvette or
Gpu, fpga or asic acceleration chips, designed by major international plants like Intel, together with the original primary processor chip that assumes image processing and decoding functions, are used to form a two-chip program, which is typically used to add high costs to security surveillance equipment (only in front-end cameras in 2017).
The cost of the ai accelerator chip is as high as hundreds of dollars, which leads to a general high cost of smart equipment, which largely affects large-scale applications of intelligence. The future will come with the maturing of the specialized soc intelligence chip tailored to the application of the scene (Ambuds, Heath is already in place).
Small-volume tests, and Heikang Dynasty is also developing self-researching smart surveillance soc chips, and the replacement of high-value special chips for generic chips will make it possible to significantly reduce the cost of smart surveillance equipment, and to prevent surveillance intelligence from becoming fast-tracked in the future.
Ai+An Industrial Chains have a large number of systems companies, including Heiconway, Dahua, Wei Da, Wah, Heith, Quixiang, and Ii. From the analysis of the downstream needs of China’s smart security industry in 2017, it can be seen that the City of Peace, the City of Wirtschaftsprüfer, and the City of Wirtschaftsprüfer.
In addition, smart security firms have opened new applications in areas such as logistics, tourism, energy, and there is no doubt that smart security in the future has a very large development space.
On March 1, 2019, the Ministry of Industry and Informatization, the National Directorate of Radio and Television, and the Central Radio and Television Directorate jointly published the " Supervised Video Industry " .
The High Quality Video Industry Development Action Plan (2019-2022) explicitly promotes the development of the ultra-high Quality Video Industry and its applications in related areas along the overall technological lines of “4k first, 8k first.” In 2022, the country’s ultra-high Quality Video Industry was over $4 trillion in total.
Until: By 2020, 4k cameras, monitors, switchboards, etc., specially designed equipment for broadcasting will form an industrial capacity: 4k ultra-high-quality video users amounting to 100 million: demonstration of applications based on ultra-high-quality video in areas such as entertainment, security surveillance, medical health, smart transportation, industrial manufacturing, etc.
It is a new round of major technological innovations following the digitalization of videos and the high level of clarity, or it will portend the 4k-high-quality technology innovation in the surveillance industry. 4.14k-high-quality video technology presents opportunities and challenges for the security sector.
The rapid development of the 4k super-clear market will provide a new opportunity for the security industry. The 4k surveillance is a whole system that collects codes from the front to the network, decodes, stores and displays back to the back, bringing a new demand for video surveillance systems. The application of the 4k technology to the video surveillance system.
High-cleaning is a major development in video surveillance, which provides a prerequisite for intelligence, and high-quality surveillance, which imposes higher requirements for storage and management. For the current mainstream, high-quality web-cams have a resolution of 1.3 million (720p) and 2 million (1080p), the biggest surveillance market.
High resolution can reach 8 million hours. The popular 40k million pixel resolution, which is too large in capacity, may be difficult to achieve a more desirable code-rate compression using the existing H.264 algorithm, and the H.265 should be delivered to address this problem.
What are the challenges facing the 4k camera? The 4k super-clear resolution necessarily leads to a higher-coded stream, with 4k super-clear-coded-flows in the current 4-6mbps scenario, which are expected to be around 10-15mbps, so that we can deal with the higher-code stream.
The bandwidth is bound to increase the exchange and processing capabilities needed in the network, whether to access the layer exchange or the core exchange, and the high cost of high-performance network exchange equipment. There are difficulties in wiring, and the 4k camera manufacturer needs to consider whether there is any way to guarantee it.
4k image mass reduces the bandwidth of the stream, or in some transmission links or chains? The response to the former. It seems that the application of H.265 would be a better option, but the H.265 coding technology is still relatively new, less marketable and relevant.
The cost of both hardware and software is relatively high and requires considerable research and development and manpower for development and testing; for the latter solution, the transmission link will be improved, because the camera flow is generally either sent to the streaming or storage server first and then to the storage server.
Sends to a decoder or client, or directly to a decoder or client. Although the 4k monitoring product line is still in the initial stages, the combination of video surveillance and 4k technology is a necessary trend in the development of high-level surveillance systems.
Details. Will people be willing to pay for the ensuing high costs? As technology develops and users experience, it will lead to the development of other 4k-related equipment and products in the security industry, and it will pose greater challenges to the security of people.
4.2 The Haeconway 4kSight 4kSystems program has a great potential for a 4kSystem solution. The 4kSystems system program has been launched, 4kSystems are full-lined, and 4kSystems not only have well-developed smart applications but also combine them with reality.
International application scenes and user needs, with a wide range of products, such as pistols, cylinders, ball machines, cloud tables, shield-along machines, etc.; products themselves have deep intelligence functions that activate the ai intelligence by margin calculation Chart 36: Company 4k light product is complete
The advantage of 4k-star video surveillance is that, as H.265 and smart video analysis techniques mature, the requirements for 4k camera transfer bandwidth and storage space are significantly reduced, making it possible to scale 4k camera applications in the sea.
Conway's 4k-star camera already has two types of gun and ball machines embedded in smart video analysis modules that can meet market demands that were previously unattainable or difficult to achieve.  Improved clarity and reduced requirements for environmental light greatly facilitate practical application.
The super-high resolution of the starlight camera will make the images more visible. In the same view, the 4k star camera will be able to display more graphic details, such as faces, plates, etc., which are so much needed in the practical applications of the public security sector that it can provide strong technical support to the public security services to solve cases.
The same degree of clarity, the 4k light camera has a larger view, installed at high points or intersections, and it can cover a larger range. Using the traditional 1080p high-resolution camera, more cameras need to be set up to get the same coverage.
In terms of sex, beauty, or the cost of size applications, 4k-star cameras solve the big picture. 4-k-light cameras solve the big picture. One or two-k-light cameras cover big scenes like train stations, docks, airport squares.
Walker's face or physical features. Four-k-star cameras can also be used extensively in high-point surveillance, square surveillance, forest fire protection, etc., with very high utility. Low-sight function, super-optimal image.
Low-sight functions, which apply to high-quality, darker or non-lighted sites such as finance, telecommunications, government, schools, airports, factories, hotels, museums, traffic surveillance, etc., provide excellent images of the low-sight environment.
Learning smart algorithms in depth, using margin calculations, leading ai smart applications. Heconway is looking at 4k stars. The light camera uses deep learning smart algorithms, built-in high-performance smart chips, with self-learning features, which provide a smart brain for video surveillance systems.
Human face recognition, license plate recognition, etc., has been achieved, providing sophisticated weapons for intelligent cities, snowlight projects, and intelligent construction of safe cities. Face image recognition works better. Face-clap is designed for human face recognition algorithms.
In addition, wide dynamic + face area exposure techniques are used to automatically regulate exposure parameters when light changes to ensure that they are caught in reverse light.
Faces are still clear. You can track up to 20 or more faces at the same time, and you can rate and screen the faces of those caught and select the best.
The vehicle identification accuracy rate is higher. The 4k vehicle structure series has high performance smart chips, deep-learning road structure information extraction, higher accuracy in recognition, greater variety of features and greater adaptive capacity; and optimizes image algorithms for road surveillance to achieve excellence.
Different light inhibitors and wide dynamic effects, supporting the capture of vehicles and the identification of their plates, type of vehicles, body colours, brands, sub-brands, and the achievement of 4-6 lane grabs.
Figure 39: Company 4k light camera license plate recognition, multiple lane coverage of the full 4k light video surveillance system in Hai Conway.
Together with the development of the 4k star camera, HALCONVEY has developed the accompanying lenses mv5721d-12mpir (12 million pixels, 5.7-21mm focal length, f1.5, 3/4 sizes) and mv1555d-12mpir (12 million pixels, 15-55mm focal distance, f1.5 large optical loops, 3/4) in parallel with the development of the 4k light camera.
So that the image of the 4k star camera can be perfectly displayed. At the same time, the 4k star camera is compatible with the device of the existing network video surveillance system at Sea Conway, whether storage or transmission equipment, or decoding or displaying equipment, and can be made up of a full 4k light camera.
System. The hyperly clear lens for the 4k star camera can be described as highly compatible and cost-effective. On the basis of these advantages, the Heconway 4k star camera has been or is being used in the industry.
In the age of digital surveillance, the demand for surveillance has increased, the network has become more sophisticated, and the cameras have started to move in the direction of 4k super-high and intelligent. 4k-star video surveillance is used mainly at bank gates, company (community) doors, school gates, small and medium squares, and politics.
Figure 41: Company 4k light camera applications - Land mouths Figure 40: Company 4k light camera applications - North Whisper, Chin State
With the introduction of the hevc chip and the continued improvement of the entire 4k industrial chain, the fine and subtle monitoring effect of the 4k product over the next few years will lead the video surveillance market to an era of great clarity.
We are looking forward to a 4k light monitoring solution for Heiconway, which is expected to grow rapidly in the future as ultra-clear video technology progresses. V. q1 China’s industry climate index declined in 2019, but the ring is expected to be better on a seasonal basis.
▪ In 2019, q1, the security sector was in a serious situation. According to the China Association of Security Associations industry, the main indicators of the security sector have declined to varying degrees in the past quarter, particularly in terms of the size of production, the internal market, the export of foreign trade, etc., and the profitability of enterprises.
The climate continues to decline, as does the incentive of firms to invest in their assets. This is due, on the one hand, to the impact of the economic environment, both at home and abroad, and, on the other hand, to changes in market demand in the security sector.
5.1 The industry climate index has declined, but it is still in “better” q1 in 2019. The security industry climate index is 151 points down from last quarter, 14 points down from last year, 18 points down from last year's same period, but still in “better” areas. 61% of the enterprises surveyed are in “better” areas.
The business situation was considered to be “good”, down 8 percentage points from the previous quarter, up 2 percentage points from the same period last year, and 10 per cent of businesses reported “bad” business performance, up 6 percentage points from the previous quarter, up 8 percentage points from the same period last year.
▪ In the first quarter, the EPI stood at 161, 17 points higher than in the previous quarter, and was located in a “better weather zone” where entrepreneurs' confidence in the future development of the industry increased. Of the enterprises surveyed, 68% were “optimistic” about the development of the industry, and 25% were “general”.
Figure 42: Trends in industry security and entrepreneurial confidence index Figure 43: Trends in the security climate index and the entrepreneurial confidence index for calendar year 01
5.2 The production landscape has declined, but 51 per cent of the enterprises still located in the “window zone” reflect an increase in the size of the production (construction) compared to the previous quarter, while 29 per cent reflect the same level as the previous quarter: 20 per cent reflect a decrease in the size of the production (construction).
In the first quarter of 2019, 61 per cent of the production (engineering) business costs were “equal” compared to the previous quarter, and 32 per cent of the survey enterprises reflected “engineering” costs, reflecting an increase in production (engineering) costs.
The share of “downside” firms was 7%. The share of “up” and “downwards” reflected in the previous quarter was q1 in 2019, with 76% of surveyed enterprises reflecting “upturn” in the sale price of their products, 19% reflecting “upturn” and 5% for enterprises.
The business profitability index has declined to a “relatively relative” q1 business profitability index, which is located in a “relatively relative” zone. According to the results of the multi-year survey, corporate profitability in the first quarter of the calendar year is generally lower than in the other three quarters.
The impact of such factors as sales and the decline in the size of production is not very positive for businesses. In the first quarter, the business profitability index was 117, located in “relatively favourable” areas, and it was “equal” compared to the previous quarter, an increase of 7 percentage points over the same period last year; 17% of businesses reflected “a decrease in profitability”
Figure 44: Trends in the q1 enterprise production climate index for calendar years Figure 45: Trends in the q1 corporate profitability index for calendar years 5.32019 q1
A new increase in the volume of business sales was observed, with 37 per cent of enterprises reflecting “equal sales” and 19 per cent of foreign trade exports falling back, but in q1 in 2019, the foreign trade export gas index was 124, a decrease of 17 points from the previous quarter, compared with last year's.
The period rose by three points, in the “window zone.” Of these, 44 per cent of the foreign orders of the surveyed firms were 5.5 per cent to protect against a decline in the capital investment climate, a relatively normal financial position, a marked decline in the capital investment, and a “moderate” climate.
Fixed asset investments are in the “slightly depressed” zone. Since 2008, the index of fixed asset input in our security enterprises has remained at a high level, but in 2014 there was a significant decline in fixed asset investment in o1 enterprises, with a 98-square view, which for the first time has been down to the landscape.
q1 This year, the ASHI fixed asset input index was 100, down 20 points from the previous quarter, down to the “micro-temperature zone”, close to the historical low. Ten% of firms surveyed continued to expand their fixed asset input, a decrease of 21 percentage points from the previous quarter: 80%.
Industry investment remained stable, up 22 percentage points from the previous quarter; 10% of business investment fell, down 1 percentage point from the previous quarter.
▪ In 2019, q1, the climate index for corporate science and technology input was 153, a decrease of 10 points from the previous quarter, a decrease of 5 points from the same period last year, but it remained “higher in the atmosphere.” Of this, 58 per cent of enterprises continued to increase their investment in science and technology research and development, with 37 per cent of their investment in research and development compared to the previous quarter.
In the second half of 2019, the outlook for the security market is projected to be better in the second half of the year.
The security sector in China has continued to grow at a high rate in recent years. The Chinese Association for Security has expected 13% growth in the second half of the year, with the video surveillance market growing by about 15%, alarm and operational services growing by about 10%, access control by about 12%, and physical defence.
In 2018, the share of corporate R & D inputs in sales was 8.99%.
Products have a shorter life cycle, typically between 3 and 5 years, and the next generation has a period of overlap with the previous generation, with a shorter effective life cycle, thus having the characteristics of rapid technological development and rapid renewal. This means that, if firms are to remain competitive, they must constantly invest in technology.
Research and development (R & D) is constantly evolving, keeping up with the pace of renewal. Companies attach great importance to R & D and technological innovation. In recent years, direct investment in science, technology and innovation (STI) has accounted for over 6.8% of sales earnings.
The company has released two pools of four platforms. The company continues to invest in technology and products related to traditional security operations, while accelerating a series of R & D inputs at aicloud.
After the integrated aicloud computing structure, the data architecture for the integration of the objects was presented, and a series of platforms, such as two pools of four platforms, one open platform, and video surveillance and construction evaluation systems, were launched to enhance the profile of the fields of intelligence, big data, applications and to build the business shelf through technological innovation.
As of 2017, there were 1,500 patents (including patent applications) and 359 software copyrights, with 288 patents for inventions and 88 international patents.
6.2 Good management mechanisms, sound growth, and a steady industry leader, have increased staff at an average rate of 30%. Sustained management has been strengthened at a less than satisfactory stage in the security environment, and Heconway has sustained robust growth in performance through the optimization of internal resources.
Increased investment in talent has led to a significant increase in human resources in recent years, with the number of employees ranked first in the world in 2015-2017. According to a&s 2018, “Global Security is 50 strong, Sea Conway is in the middle of the industry, leading by far the second and third Boshi and Dahua shares, 2018.
The company achieved a revenue of 49.8 billion yuan, an increase of 18.8 per cent over the previous year. 6.3 The cloud edge integrates aicloud structures, helping the ai+iot land to move from an integrated security service provider to a video-centric networked solution provider.
Based on the rationale for integrating margin and cloud computing as a logical framework for better solving the reality of networked goods, the company introduced aicloud structures, consisting of three layers of edge nodes, margin areas and cloud centre. The whole architecture of aicloud, from hardware to software, from algorithms to data, adapts to technology.
The current of applications, which integrates ai products and technologies into the system platform and combines the actual business scenes, is meeting the need for debrisization through the ability of the ai to drive the efficiency of the application landscape. Video data are important data for the network, while security manufacturers have powerful image processing, artificial intelligence, data analysis.
Heaconway’s vision is precisely one that helps industry users gain wisdom from data and supports industry decision-making. Moving from an integrated security service provider to a video-based network of things, the provider of solutions is bound to become a trend for industry.
The smart eye -- front-endai series -- the Haekang "Deep-Ear" series of smart cameras is a typical representative of the perception of the edge, which is really done by giving the edge intelligently, achieving the goal at the edge nodes, and so on.
To make sense more effective and accurate. A breakthrough based on a broad-field, remote, high-target capture that allows for clearer, more effective, richer and more valuable video data messages; and for complex environments such as severe reversible light, side-loading, etc.
It's like a machine with algorithms that optimize human face scenes to achieve a higher human face capture rate; a seacomb black light camera that uses autonomous and innovative dual light integration techniques to achieve a high-sum visual perception in a very low-sight environment; a seacomar camera series, which is a stereo.
CMC provides a solid foundation on which to visualize the regulatory operations.
In 2017, Heiconway was fully intelligent at the back end of the product system, with a better-adapted, better-valued product system, arithmetic integration equipment dedicated to video cognitive calculations, gpu video graphic intelligence computing devices, and a more universal, open and algorithmic system.
Free switching and computing of data centre equipment for pool-based storage resources.  Haikang's "superbrain" series of products using embedded design, integrated high performance gpu chips, embedded depth learning algorithms, integrated video storage, smart analysis, and traditional nvr video storage
The storage is accompanied by analytical applications such as human face analysis, perimeter preparedness, and video architecture. For different industry markets, Haikang is closely aligned with the business needs of its clients.
The Heicon “superbrain” series has gained unanimous recognition in the market, thanks to its over-hard quality, innovative intellectual applications.
In addition, a video-structured server for Haikang's Falcon, a photo-drawn cloud for Haikang, a computer for the analysis of Facebook, a computer for the analysis of behavioral dynamics, etc., was launched.
On the basis of open architecture and pool-based resource applications, Heiconway has launched a "thought-to-think" image that combines intelligent analysis with system-level products. Open architecture, open data, is one of the core ideas of "think-to-think."
Arithmetic engines are open, and a variety of algorithms can be developed, trained, and commercialized. At the same time, they combine data generated by video resolution, open to any platform manufacturer with a certain ability to develop through standard interfaces and protocols.
Using data for top-level business applications to help the industry develop a healthy ai-ecological environment. Chart 56: The urbanization rate of Hai Conway's “thinking” products is increasing, and smart security is a powerful weapon of urban governance.
The rate of urbanization in the country is 58.5 per cent, and the rate of urbanization is still rising, and there are a number of problems, traffic congestion, social security problems, and stressful medical and teaching resources, which affect the sustainable development of cities, where smart security will be urban.
Smart cities, big-mass-networked data governance and application are difficult. In terms of future urban development, people seek a better urban life, and the state will continue to strengthen urban governance, for example, in transport leadership.
Roads in the domain, energy efficiency reductions in the energy sector, grid governance in the mobile sector, green habitability in the environmental field, industrial prosperity, etc., will enter the stage of intelligent governance in the future. From urban “governance” to “intellectual wisdom,” there is a need for deep integration of “human” and “material” data, and for cities.
City-level contacts, data governance and deep application, in which the governance of big matter network data and the response to ai+iot are powerful weapons for managing big matter network data. In urban data, 80% of the data are for things, and in the data for things network, 80% are video data.
The report shows that there has been an outbreak of growth between 2014 and 2020, from 14.4 per cent in 2014 to 50.1 per cent in 2020, a trend that is continuing. How to solve the problem of the number of big matter networks, the governance problem, and how to solve the problem of deep integration of data and industry applications.
So far, the Internet+ has been very active in urban development. And the next phase, artificial intelligence and iot, have further contributed to the city’s transformation into a digital society and drive urban change.
Chart 57: The Haikangway view cloud side integrates aicloud aicloud structures with three layers of capacity: edge nodes, margin areas, cloud center. The combination of ai and iot requires not only cloud computing, but also margin computing, from the concept of "crowd side"
On its way, Haikang proposes aicloud architecture with three layers of capacity: edge nodes focusing on the collection of data on the association of objects, front-end intelligent processing and simple functional applications: edge nodes focusing on the pooling, storage and processing of data on the association of the objects, and sending structured data to the cloud.
Marginal areas are also responsive to business needs, have a local cognitive capacity to achieve linkage analysis and intellectual application: cloud centres focus on the integration and application of multi-dimensional data.  Based on aicloud structures, Haikang injects ai capacity into marginal nodes and upgrades the intelligence of marginal nodes
One data report from idc states that by 2020, 50 billion end-to-equipment connections will be made, more than 50% of future data will be analysed on the edges of the network, handled and stored, and the i-economy nodes are future trends.
▪ A landscape application to construct a hierarchy based on the aicloud structure. If the ai and the data are original, the application is a product, which, depending on the application scenario, uses the same raw material to combine different products and create compatibility and synergy among them.
Marginal areas, cloud centres, and corresponding landscape applications, at marginal nodes, more intelligent applications based on one single event, such as door locks, parking gates, etc.; in marginal areas, more intelligent applications based on time and space can support most of the same and many of the same uses, such as priority personnel, priority vehicles, etc.
Control: In the cloud centre, more analysis and applications based on big data, such as traffic situation analysis, emergency command movement, etc., achieve data connectivity between multi-level data pools based on aicloud architecture.
Disaggregated landscape applications require data to flow as needed to the place where business applications are needed, and can flow efficiently throughout the city. Mobile data are the living ones that generate business value. Aicloud-based structures allow multi-level data pools to be constructed, and material networking data can be achieved.
Business data, Internet data are assembled on demand, integrated, in-depth, inter-connection of data between multi-level data pools, deep integration of human and physical data, and better stratification, stratification and deep application of urban-level big data.
• Heikang proposes the idea of ai-mobility. ai is a generic technology and a core capability, so how can capabilities be easily deployed in the system? Heikang proposes the idea of ai-mobility, which, in the context of ai-clud, allows for ari resources such as algorithms, arithmetic, data, services, etc. to be managed in a unified manner and solves.
The accounting system, the type of chip to be calculated, the single equipment capability, etc., can be well compatible with the third-party algorithm, achieving a “platform of platforms, multiple algorithms” for which users can choose on merit. Instead, smart applications for debrisization are not always fully met by algorithms, which are also developed in Heconway.
I've trained an open platform that allows users to customize algorithms for better landscape applications.
Integrating and operational applications impose higher requirements, such as the integration, analysis and application of data, better public service forecasting, integrated command and smart decision-making, and so forth.
In terms of traffic management, Heikang combines the needs of urban traffic management with innovations in road network perception, numeracy, information services, and the fine management of urban traffic. This is a joint innovation between Heikangway Vision and Shenzhen Traffic Police.
One result is the integration of the ai with traffic management operations, virtual and physical integration, macro-transit status, integration of vehicle information, incident information, police resources, etc., overall command of the system, precision deployment of micro-details and precision of the police force, and overall upgrading of the police force.
Figure 58: The solution for the integrated management of intelligent transport in Heiconway is the integration of multidimensional data on the city’s cloud platform. The idea proposed by Heiconway, based on aicloud to construct a cognition city, injects ai into the edge of the city’s perceptive infrastructure.
Provides a rich and accurate sense of perception through the ai+iot; the margin focuses on the convergence, storage, processing and association analysis of condensed data. There is local cognitive and agile response capacity: multidimensional data integration at the city cloud platform, multidimensional analysis and application based on large data, city-level
Global cognitive capability. Based on "ai+iot," it can better solve the problem of data networking on urban goods, integrating and insighting data, and driving urban change. 6.4 The "Snowing Project" is at its peak, and the company is expected to benefit fully.
In 2016, 50 pilot cities were first tested and public security video surveillance had been built or completed; in 2017, 52 new snowworks were created to support cities (districts).
In the provinces of Shandong, Sichuan, and Shandong, where the average investment in each district is approximately $3.57 million, the town and 95 villages (communities) have built a snowlight engineering platform with 570 new video monitoring sites.
In Sichuan province, the Snowlight project uses rural households now with radio and television networks and mobile phone apps to connect public safety video surveillance information to farmers.
By the end of 2017, 5,800 villages (communities) in the province had been completed and put into operation. Shandong Linyi covered 515 administrative villages across the county.
On June 29, 2016, a national conference was held to promote the construction of the Snowlight Project. The conference focused on the experience of the construction of the Qing Qing Qing Qing Qing Qing Qing Project.
The Qingcheng Hill Project integrated the Skynet project. 39 monitoring points within the Qingshan Town Town Command Control Centre, the Qingda Community and the Xinjiang Bridge Community, as well as 90 social sites and 90 days
The site is located on the main screen of the dispatch centre. Of these, 39 new sites are located mainly in the thousands of small areas, areas not covered by Skynet, and tri-fork points. The Qing City Snowlight Project integrated the Skynet, linking community videos to the Public Security Skynet platform; the grid-based management system was integrated; and
The Sky Wing is able to direct the dispatch of personnel close to the point of viewing an incident after a video surveillance has been detected; the Sky Wing high-resolution video iptv. Each household has real-time access to the community's video on television, monitoring information, and time to send an alert message to the platform using the television remote control.
In September 2016, Guangzhou City, the only mega city in the country, was recognized by the Central Commission for IMC, the Ministry of Public Security, and the National Development and Rehabilitation Commission as the model city for the National Snowlight Project.
City. The Guangzhou City Public Security Bureau deployed visual cloud-plus platforms in priority areas such as the Guangzhou railway station station and the new city police station, innovatively applying dynamic face-to-face data, superimposeing license plates, etc., linking video numbers to relevant data, and achieving more comprehensive, timely and accurate knowledge of relevant subjects within the jurisdiction
The Guangzhou City Public Security Bureau, through a platform of shared services, has built and completed a project to model photos of human faces, including the resident population, the mobile population, the fugitive population, the criminal offenders, etc., and has equipped 222 police stations with special equipment for collecting human faces, and has created a database of various thematic faces.
Human Face Recognition App Mobile Police Applications have been developed to provide more accessible and flexible tools for community and street patrols.
In today's data age, public security in Guangzhou has built a set of tasks, including data collection, storage calculations, operational applications, etc.
In recent years, Guangzhou Public Security has set up the Urban Sensitivity Network, which has established a full-dimensional urban perception system as the core of data collection, and has established a technical perception, supplemented by a human perception system that fully utilizes advanced technologies such as high-resolution video and network of objects to build a network to cover the city.
In 2017, more than 1.6 million video probes were installed in Hubei Province and a single video transmission link to the security border access platform at the provincial, municipal and county levels was created.
During the course of the year, Ichang City and Faran County in Hubei Province were identified by the Central Integrated Management Office as the three-tier demonstration unit for the construction of video surveillance throughout the country. The provincial capital, Wuhan City, has a total of 1 million video monitors, and the city-wide video network has a total of 46,000 type- and category-II probes.
The exits are closed, priority areas covered, and social security video surveillance networks are sealed off at road crossings. In thousands of cases, there are 90,000 one or two types of probes.
In terms of the business opportunities that the Snowlight Project brings to the security industry, it was initially calculated in the case of the country's 52 snowlight construction projects in Van City, where the construction of Sichuan Province is now progressing well, that the average investment per district is about $6.5 million, and that of Shandong Province is about $7.67 million on average.
There are nearly 3,000 counties in the country, so the Snowlight Project occupies 200 billion cities in urban and rural areas alone; at the same time, the Snowlight Project is paralleled with the City of Wisdom, the City of Peace, and is a re-upgrading of products and technology between cities.
In the mountains, the 3000 face recognition and monitoring system has a total of 60 million light projects, which is only a pilot project and will be followed by two or three snowworks. The State has 661 cities (currently 4 municipalities, 2 special administrative districts, 283 local municipalities and 374 municipalities).
The construction of snowworks between cities is conservatively estimated at about 300 billion dollars. The business of $50 billion is now going to be a huge incremental market for defense companies, and it will lead to further technological upgrading and change in the industry.
Heaconway is fully engaged in the "Ai+Snowlight Project 2.0" era, based on the branded concept of "the good-seeker, the good-doer" and using artificial intelligence, the Internet, infrared sensor equipment, targeting elderly people living alone, children left behind, and the grass-rootsization of conflicts.
The solution and the core of governance have been developed in the hope that the entire city will be warmed up by new technologies and ideas that will serve the people. Huixiang is a technical tool for Heconway's vision, and will be used as a whole to expand the Snowwork 2.0 project.
• Project 2.0 solution design for the Haikang Vision al + Snowlight project. The overall technology design for the system is based on the current state of affairs and the construction of the Integrated Management Services, the Government Extranet, and the Video Network.
In addition, the system is designed to build on smart video analysis techniques and expand people.
In the area of video monitoring, the use of intelligence to construct a "Cloud+" video system coordinated with the central cloud resolution, using deep learning algorithms as a means of dispersing the front-end node, increasing the resolution capability from shallow depths and layers, converting the video stream to data volumes and maximizing the value of visualization
(b) Frequency information extraction: integration of cloud computing, large data technology applications, matching of value data within and across systems, deep excavation and demonstration of intelligent applications to break down the challenges of priority population service management, industry safety regulation and priority area conflict resolution.
The system is built in accordance with the scientific and rational layout theory, which introduces a whole new "block combination, top-down alignment, old-time combination" layout based on a mature fabric model called the "circle grid." On the basis of this theory, it is based on different urban locations and scenarios.
A multi-dimensional system is deployed locally to create an organically integrated, fully stereo front-end sensor system that allows for a full-scale, round-the-clock multi-dimensional message collection. The front-end sub-networks and subsystems are structured in broad-based thinking, working together, and becoming organic and uncut.
The overall fragmentation enhances the ability to collect information on people, vehicles, objects, etc., and promotes full networking and networking. The need for video applications in all sectors is combed, with the information capital exchange platform at its core, with networks such as the Video Network, the Government Extranet, the Internet, etc.
It is also based on an integrated system bus service platform, with the largest number of connections to existing government information management systems.
To limit the sharing of public regional video resource applications to break down information barriers across sectors and industries, to change the complexity of systems, the non-transparent status of video information-sharing, to truly realize the design of "Applications, Platforms, Pipelines" and to meet subsequent and evolving system module development and operational requirements
Scientific-vitor management, which ensures full-time availability. Videos, such as cameras, decoupling devices, integrated video matrices, video services, video services, etc., are used from time to time by constructing centralized, proactive, intelligent video-vitor-management systems for urban public safety video surveillance systems.
Motivation management, construction of a platform for the management of the IMC in the municipalities and districts and a unified platform for the use of users in the functional sectors, provision of intelligent means of delivery, real-time monitoring of the operational status of the video equipment, video diagnostics of quality, first-time proactive notification of equipment failure, and timely and accurate information
Analyses and locates the causes of malfunctions and achieves simultaneous improvements in the efficiency of transport management and the quality of service management.
Strengthen system security and enhance the controllability of the whole process. Use relevant provisions such as the Information Security Level Protection Management Scheme, which is built around secure network transmissions, system security, critical information security management, and is based on a national level protection system that combines systems with applications, data storage, network transmission, etc.
Possible security issues in the four dimensions of the feed, as well as security needs and network requirements for the video surveillance platform Status, which divides the entire system into external front-end, system, network, data and application layers, taking different security technical measures at each level, and building "Pre-detection plus Protection + Post-audit" security
Full protection system to enhance the security protection capabilities of the public security video surveillance system. Deep-farm data application to enrich the field. The system is directed towards ai and video big data application to facilitate the construction of a structured video image that will improve discrete front-end resolution nodes and central resolution of clouds, respectively.
A two-pronged upgrading of the system's data structure to transform the video stream into the data stream. A combination of deep learning algorithms, structured data extraction of people, vehicles, and activity targets in big videos, transforming non-structured videos and semi-structured images into valuable structured information, and demystifying vision.
Larger data, "genetic." Improve system analysis and efficiency. At the same time, it is guided by business applications, using the concept of the simplest, best-used and most practical design, integrating ai technology, and using a centralized model for video business applications.
The development of in-depth application models for policing, urban governance, conflict mediation, etc., has resulted in deeper integration of the various operational systems built on structured data, thus increasing the effectiveness of system analysis and research and promoting the passive disposal of surveillance video applications prior to taking action.
In 2018, the Snowflake Project accounted for 27.9 per cent of projects above 10 million grades, and in all, the Snowflake Project was the most glamorous of all, with tens of thousands more, according to a total of 3,559 projects (70 per cent of the total number of projects throughout the year) monitored by the mega-scale security surveillance, snowflake engineering and the safe city in 2018.
In the case of the snowlight project, 85% of the offices of the local public security authorities, the integrated social security management committees, and 15% of the offices of the local political and legal committees and smart cities.
Operators occupy half a wall of mountains. Figure 60: Snowlight projects in 2018 as a percentage of the total number of bids for the snowlight process across the country in the first quarter of 2019, bringing the total number of bids to 120.
With 6150 million diversity, including Beijing, Jiangxi and Hebei, we believe that the Snowlight Project will be fully rolled out over the next 2-3 years, with a marked acceleration in its pace of progress, and that Sea Conway will be a leader in positioning snowlight engineering in the future.
6.5 The global growth of intelligent households, the precision of the company's layout, the positive growth of smart-house businesses, the development of the sea-commodity Internet service for intelligent families and intelligence, the business sector, which, after more than six years of growth, generated $1.63 billion in 2018, a year-on-year increase.
▪ In 2018, Firestone rolled out multiple smart home hardware. In 2018, the company launched the All Wireless Internet battery camera c3a, the Courtyard light camera lc1, the Full Wireless Dialog, the Battery Door camera db2, the Internet fingerprint password lock lt21s, and the Smart Wall controlled by the whole house.
New products such as Switch p1, Smart Curtain Machine mc1, Child-Assisted Robots - Fireflies, and extension of existing ipc product lines and smart locks, smart cat eyes, smart visual doorbells, etc., have created a home-wide smart home system with video technology at its core.
The Qingse Cloud platform has become more open, and the industry has been divided. At present, it has 40 million levels of equipment access, 30 million levels of users, 30,000 + partners around the world. The docking application is 5,000 +, and an open and shared video cloud ecological system is initially in place.
▪ In 2017, the global market for smart-house solutions was about $37.2 billion, and the region of Asia and the Pacific (apac) and North America has shown high performance over the past few years, with a projected high rate of growth over the next five years and a projected market size by 2025.
North America is the largest regional market for smart-house solutions, with the highest share, while the Asia-Pacific market is showing high growth. The Asia-Pacific market for smart-house solutions is expected to grow by 24.5 per cent a compound annual growth rate over the period.
Figure 67: Global smarthouse market size projections ($ billion) 6.6 Innovative business such as car electronics, robotics, etc. that provide a source of energy for long-term sustainability of companies Existing technology and market platforms of companies that actively expand robotics, car electronics, storage, microfiche, etc.
New business, which provides a driving force for the long-term sustainable development of companies, has seen high growth in other innovative business ventures, with revenues of $1.06 billion a year-on-year growth of 87.8 per cent in 2018 and the Māori rate of 44.4 per cent a year-on-year growth of 5.65 per cent.
Robotic operations focus on intelligent manufacturing. Corporate robotics focus on logistics, robotics, core technology, reliable agv15 products and solutions for clients, and continue to build intelligent logistics solutions for industrial plants, which are widely applied in 3c, automobile manufacturing, new energy sources, medicine, tobacco.
Industry such as grass. In 2017, the company issued new automatic forklifts and laser-guided grab robots, and in 2018, the main product, an alien robot, released a third generation, supporting a variety of positioning guides such as vision, lasers, etc.
And new products such as auto forklifts and composite robotics, which continue to enrich the mobile robotic product series and provide industry clients with a richer product selection. Seacom robots focus on industrial visual sensing applications. Focus on bottom algorithm software and hardware technology.
Households provide excellent machine visual products and algorithms that can be widely applied to industrial automation in areas such as 3c, electronic semiconductors, logistics, etc. for positioning guides, measurements, defects detection, reading codes, Ocr recognition, etc. In 2018, companies issued super-discussions of 31 million, 43 million and 50 million.
In addition, a series of smart sensors, high-precision 3d contours and lenses have been distributed to meet the need for large-scale visual applications and to provide one-stop shopping services for industry clients.
Figure 70: Haekangway robotics business – The drone business was launched in 2018 with the Eagle IV series.
Image processing is at the core, secure, industry-focused and widely applied to fire rescue, emergency command, traffic management, facility inspection, activity security, etc. The Eagle IV series of unmanned aircraft, drone monitoring and management platforms, automatic tracking antennas, fixed and hand-held defence systems, etc. were published in 2018.
New products provide industry users with complete solutions from the product to the system. In 2018, the Wisdom Repository launched a special solid-state hard disk v210 series for video surveillance.
Intelligents and big data development prospects, Heconway sees solid-state hard drives and smart storage solutions. V210 series, supports the latest 64-storey 3dtlncnandflash19 and supports a maximum capacity of 4tb, with all capacity equipped with power loss 20, which meets the vehicle and transhipment industry.
High value for money, high capacity, and the need for electricity protection. 4 tb ' s mass output complements the country ' s large-volume ssd mass product gap, prompts the expansion of the external trade market for vehicle and railing, and raises the motor vehicle electronics business.
Technical holdings in the areas of energy, video storage, etc., should be applied to the automobile industry, with active deployment of advanced vehicle assistive driving systems and related sensors, covering oems in passenger vehicles, commercial vehicles and related operators; inclusive of vehicle cameras, car recorders, 360° panorama view system, stream media rearview mirrors, multimedia
Smart rearview mirrors, adas, radars, and so on. Twenty oems have now been cleared and become qualified suppliers, covering essentially mainstream and some of the joint brands in the country, with multi-city branches and more than 500 channel partners covering transactions.
VII. Profit predictions and investment proposals. With the convergence of many projects, such as smart transport, safe cities, smart cities, snowworks, and the increase in the particle size of the project, the firm’s core competitive advantage is becoming more apparent, and the ai+ ultra-clear video will be given to Ann.
In order to prevent new life and dynamism, the company has made a positive breakthrough in its innovative business, and it will continue to grow rapidly in the next three years. (1) The security sector is slowing down, the size of government projects is increasing, and the decision-making cycle is long.
(2) A tightening of government spending, particularly in fiscally less developed regions, will affect the reduction in the number of projects. (3) The persistence of China-United States trade frictions, which have a greater impact on companies, first, the uncertainty of export growth, and secondly, the risk of tariff escalation of corporate imports of chips, and the reduction of China-United States trade frictions.
The profitability of large-scale firms and the impact on large-scale corporate projects. (4) The entry of giants such as Hua, Ali, increased competition and the risk of price reduction in the industrial chain; (5) exposure to the overall economic environment and cost considerations, i.e., ultra-high video surveillance penetration.
(7) Other innovations, such as smart households, robotics and car electronics, are highly competitive and the increase in the Māori rate has a certain bottleneck compared to security.