Performance is on track, developed markets, political and business enterprises are on track, development gained a triple dividend in the 5g era  Performance is on track, with four quarters of the rounding rising faster than expected: 1; recovery level is on the rise: electricity is on the rise
During the past year, when credit operators generally cut capital spending, companies remained active on a number of fronts in wireless, wired, emerging political and business enterprises and consumer business, achieving steady growth in revenue collection, which grew 17.1 per cent and 9.6 per cent faster than their global competitors Ericsson and Nokia, further expanding the global economy.
Market shares and international influences. 2. High growth in corporate revenue chains: 42.8 per cent growth in corporate revenue rings over the fourth quarter, reflecting a sustained improvement in corporate business. 3. Developed country markets have made a breakthrough: it is also a matter of concern that the company’s revenues in Europe and America and Oceania have increased by nearly $5 billion.
The same-year growth of 22.07% reflects the expansion of the company’s market share in developed countries. Despite the decline in the region’s Māori rate, we believe that future levels of corporate profits will continue to improve as corporate brand recognition increases further, and high Māori-rate projects such as subsequent expansion.
▪ 5g industry acceleration, with the boom gaining the advantage of vertical integration platforms: recently, the closed mwc became a 5g display window and new milestones, the 5g industry was running from the regulatory, academic, operator, equipment, chip, terminal, all of which continued to accelerate.
1. Media: Focus 5g, Global Positioning 5g Industries Landing and Developing. We propose a 5g performance growth formula = 5g General, ict Integrated Platforms.
Increased investment* increased overall market share* increased Māori rate. The boom will benefit from important changes in three dimensions: 1. We expect 5g capital spending to reach $1.2 trillion, relative to 2.
In the 4g era, there was a marked rise in communications market cakes, which are expected to produce more than 50 per cent of the increase.
The market share is expected to rise even further, with catching up and even some areas going beyond. 3. Mid-emergent communications: a little supermarket in size, the advantages of integrated platform development, and vertical integration of equipment-end-chip, which continues to make it possible.
It is expected that the 5g trend will continue to be strong The level of Māori has continued to improve, and this has already been printed on the rising Māori rate of network equipment 4.
▪ Business dynamics and corporate development to acquire new energy in the ict era: corporate governance to achieve revenue generation, high performance expectations in the first half of the year, 5g+ Items Networking to sustain momentum
A total of 85772 markers, with a total winning value (including taxes) of approximately $8.47 billion. The share of the middle-rises was 25 per cent, amounting to more than $2 billion, the second-largest winner, the middle-sungict industry, full profit forecast and investment rating: we keep looking at the stronger development opportunities of companies in the 5g cycle, technology and platform, and performance.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board (CMS), Toshio Securities Inc. has been in possession of the Securities Investment Advisory Board.