(a) Performance in line with expectations, the convergence of operations, the issuance of the 2017 finance report, which resulted in revenues of $108.82 billion, an increase of 7.5 per cent over the same period;
There has been a steady increase in revenues and a 7.5 per cent increase in total revenue for all three operations. Foreign and domestic products of the 4g system, domestic and foreign light-access products and domestic light-transmission products have increased, and the income of operators has risen by 8.32 per cent; international mobile phone products and domestic households have increased.
End-product-driven consumer block revenue growth of 5.24 per cent; overall growth in domestic and foreign government entrepreneurship up to 40 per cent of the Māori contribution, with Māori geographical contribution concentrated in Asia and the Pacific. On the cost side, nearly $13 billion of R & D expenditure was sustained and management costs increased accordingly; losses due to exchange rate fluctuations increased.
During the reporting period, major events landed and a renewed focus strategy began to bear fruit. In March 2017, the company agreed to pay $892 million in fines, which the company lost.
Taking into account the 2016 financial statements, this resulted in a significant decrease of 96.96 per cent to $193 million in out-of-business expenditures. In 2017, the company earned $6.75 billion, an increase of 479.40 per cent over the same period, mainly on the basis of revenue and growth of Māori, the increase in investment returns and changes in the list of government grants, and the inclusion of government grants in the list of subjects.
The changes also resulted in an off-the-shelf income of $159 million, a decrease of 96.35%. The disposal of the Nubian shareholdings during the period brought the return on investment to $2.540 billion, an increase of 54.87%.
By maintaining strong innovation in core areas, long-term leadership in competitiveness has developed. By 2017, the company maintained a five-g vanguard strategy, focusing on innovation in nuclear areas such as 5g wireless, core network, carrying, access, chip, etc., with R&D spending accounting for more than 10% of the annual revenue, maintaining global leadership.
As the 5g commercial process unfolds, the global reshuffling of the entire network is approaching, and the Division is expected to double its market share in the new pattern, drawing on technological advantages, home-grown market policies and financial support, as well as strong human strength. The next generation’s network leads to a more than three-fold increase in market share.
The collapse of the built-in grid structure and the accompanying trend towards large-scale ict integration have opened up a wider market space for the improvisation of this kind of company, whose capacity in complex telecommunications network programmes and reliable security is also expected to result in a strong crowding of the share of the original int company. At the same time, there are advances in the Internet.
By taking the lead from operators and industry, firms have accumulated strong programmes and will be involved in a broader range of operations. As technological inputs shift to long-term core competitiveness, firms’ profits and valuation increases are becoming increasingly clear, recommending long-term strategic deployments.
Poor investment by operators, competitive industry risks, technological path risks, geopolitical risks.
Oh Yo-Won, I want to see you.