In order to ensure that the core strategy of 5g is fully ahead of schedule, optimize the capital structure, and that the central communications announcement is based on an increase, it is proposed that the number of undisclosed shares of a stock not exceed 686,836,019 shares, and that the total amount of funds raised is not exceeded.
The proposed increase in technology and product R & D around 5g highlights the strategic focus on the critical phase of 5g industrial development. In the context of the intense advancement of 5g standardization and improved technology and industrial chains, the pilot technology R & D certification for phase I and phase I of 5g was obtained as a result of excellence in September of the year; and in the context of the convergence of 5g standardization with China.
The top-level operators, such as country movements, Germany t-mobile, have signed 5g strategic cooperation agreements, leading by far. The 5g technical standards and the investments they bring are historic points of opportunity for shuffling the global basic network architecture, while the global 5g standard formation and industrial growth from 2018 to 2020 is crucial.
In the window, the company proposes to invest a total of $42,878 million in “Technology Research and Product Development Project for the Evolution of the 5g Network” in order to ensure that progress, product performance and cost are fully ahead of schedule. Of this release, $9.1 billion is to be invested in the project, highlighting the company's high level of competition against 5g.
Research and development covers the key areas of the next generation of networks, which are essential for building the status of the industry. This project is implemented over a three-year period and includes cellular mobile communication networks, core networks, transmissions, and acceptances.
Technology research and product development on networks, fixed broadband, big data and network intelligence, etc., cover the key areas of the new 5g era in the entire network infrastructure. In a context of rapid technological evolution and rising barriers to industry, equipment operators maintain large-scale, high-level and stable research.
3gpp expects to complete the independent network standards by June 2018, and 5g by 2020 has become an industry consensus, and the next three years will be a critical period for 5g standard formation and industrial growth. To dominate the 5g industry landscape around the world, national ministries have co-authored several communications.
Actively promoting technology R & D and pre-commercialization; companies also rely on 20 R & D centres around the world, creating a strong pool of over 50,000 highly qualified people, with $6.3 billion in investment funds going directly to technology R & D. Companies are well-positioned in policy, talent, and technology, and this project will continue to be targeted at 5g.
Technological research in the evolution of the network helps to consolidate and strengthen the leading advantage that companies have gained in the 5g evolution, which is essential for companies to win over the dominant industry. Optimize capital structures and improve profitability and stability over the long term.
There are no business and asset consolidation plans associated with this non-public release. The implementation of this campaign, in addition to the overall enhancement of the 5g core competitiveness, will reduce the ratio of public assets and liabilities, especially as the size of short-term liabilities will result in a significant reduction in financial costs.
At the same time, capital structures are optimized, assets are raised, and security is provided for the further development of the ownership advantage.
While roe will be reduced owing to a lower financial spread, it will be more profitable and more stable in the long run. Operators’ investments will be weak, industry competitive, technology route, geopolitical, and exchange-rate risks.
Bank of China International Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified for securities investment consulting business.
Yee-gyeong!