More powerful. Total funding does not exceed 13 billion yuan for "Technology research and product development projects for the evolution of the 5g network" and "supplementation of liquidity".
The final distribution price will be priced on the first day of the issuance period, and we expect that the current fixed increase in the share of present shareholders will be smaller than expected; the dynamic increase will also boost net corporate assets and improve the corporate asset-liability ratio, which will help to reduce financial costs and have limited impact on the ps.
5g is officially entering the pre-commercial phase to raise funds for long-term R & D layouts: the current 5g is fast-growing, the world’s mainstream telecommunications operators are constantly investing huge amounts of resources in R & D competitions, competing for a 5g first-line first-name first-name first-call.
Investment in R & D is constantly increasing, and the 5g era is expected to lead the industry. 1) The June 2018 sa version is frozen, the 5g standard is largely defined, and product development is entering the sprint period. 2) Global, major operators publish 5g test plans and pre-screen products.
Rapid supply of products for testing takes precedence; 3) The 5g staff stock is in place, and 5g R & D projects, up to $42.878 billion, have been planned and require funding to start R & D. 5g development is expected, and companies are about to enter the harvest: although 5g R & D investment is huge, it is public.
The Division's cash flow and current profits put some pressure on it, but the company's input output at 5g is significant. One, fiveg is a market of more than trillion, with investments going to be much larger than fourg.
1. Communications in the middle: the operator's business has broken out with cakes. 3, 5g systems have become more complex and product unit prices and Māori rates have risen.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: We keep looking at the growth of companies in the 5g cycle, the growth of the network, the continued dynamism of the layout, the opportunities, the greater the technological and platform advantages, the continued high performance, the 5g market
2. Communications in China: a high-quality white horse in the communications industry, new opportunities in the 5g era 3. Communications in China: countries with full participation 5g
Not as much as expected: the company's mobile phone business is facing intense testing of apples and other Andre powerful brands for phase two, looking forward to long-term competition, falling revenue and profit levels.
Centralizing Communication: Large-scale equity incentivization, top-heavy performance East Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, already has a portfolio investment advisory.