Sale of soft-swinging + cooperative property project with Huanko, with special focus on industrial development, February 11, 2018
▪ Incident 1: The company transferred 43.66% of its holding holdings to Nanjing Creek for $1,223.3 million, while Nanjing Creek added $100 million to China. The deal was concluded by signing a Letter of Intent for commissioning services such as sales, operations, etc., including the commissioning of Huanko.
Provision of development and construction services for 18,989,000 square metres of property in t208-0049 plots, 55,000 square metres of sales services for the m-sales industry and 50.3 million square metres of commissioning services for the operation of the property industry.
Partners include Hangzhou Ali Entrepreneurship Investment Ltd., and the Shareholder Agreement provides South Kyung-hoon with the right to sell the middle-growth soft-equity holdings to the Alibaba Group on its own. The middle-supplier shares, 43.66% of the middle-supprising soft-supplier shares, receive $1,222.3 million in funding, and have an impact on the company’s return on investment.
For $650 million to $790 million, the company has had a positive impact.1 The company ' s ability to develop and expand its software, both in- and out-of-country, has been recognized by its partner Ali, who is behind Tzu Creek in Nanjing, highlighting its leadership in the ict area;2 the company has received more than $1.2 billion in cash, which has improved the public.
The financial situation of the Division, which also provides more financial support for 5g R & D expenditures;3 the company retains 35.19 per cent of its shareholdings, which continue to benefit from the boom and the boom in information and intelligence of the operator 1. Communications: a slightly out-of-market increase.
The development dividend in the urban sphere;4 the trade could open up deeper cooperation with Ali, which is expected to remain strong under the 5g trend, and the prospects for future development are to be expected.
▪ Property Project in collaboration with Vanko to reduce financial costs: Central Hsing tot 208-0049 plot of property 2. Central Hsing Communication: Operators' business outbreak, entrusting a portfolio to the head of the estate, and helping companies to reduce their financial costs: 1 Gs.
The 5g+ Property Division received 3,542 million in good faith money from Huanko, quickly returned the previously paid land concessions, and the network layout continued to work.
Reduced pressure on corporate cash flow;2 reduced the risk of operating a project by transferring property projects to specialized companies where the company was not good at doing so, and eliminated the negative impact of corruption within the company.
Yes;3 There is a high level of profitability in the real estate project, and the company anticipates that the completion of the transaction will result in 2,723 million horses for the company and a new opportunity for profit in the 5g era, which will continue to improve the company's cash flow and financial position.
• Focusing on the main business, building profits, saving 5g: The current 5g is growing rapidly, and the world's mainstream is growing 4. Communications: All those involved in the country's 5g letter equipment are constantly investing huge amounts of resources in research and development competitions to pre-empt the 5g first
Pilot phase II testing, long-term forward call. Centralized resource layouts 5g: 1, 5g personnel stocks are in place; 2 5g R & D project planning high at $42,878 million has been published; 3 - Reduction in access to affiliates and unrelated master projects
We believe that a firm’s focus on strategies will help it to become more competitive and win major developments in the 5g era.  Profit predictions and investment ratings: we continue to look at stronger development opportunities for companies in the 5g cycle, and technology and platform advantages become more visible,
Continued high growth, with a more pronounced configuration value at the expected low of the 5g-block market. For the time being, strong competition between company eps Go and other Andre brands is expected, with a decline in revenue and profit levels.