The top 20 in the world, killing the top eight! The Great Wall is still stubbling! Can we catch up with Nestlé, Dalen? (Yugoshu financial valuation model) and update the financial data assumptions, and update the assumptions, and we will show them in the first two paragraphs.
The updated modelling report will be attached to the following text, with updated parameters, which will be displayed in purple fonts. In addition, the updated parameters are shown in the excel table in the financial model in yellow background.
Today, our case of financial modelling is that of a well-known white horse in the area of consumption and a leader in the dairy industry. The dairy industry suffered a full-line setback after the melamine incident in 2008, and then started to experience a bottom-up recovery in 2009, and in this case, it is.
In the evening of 30 October, the company issued a new three-quarterly report — the first three quarters of 2019 — which generated an operating income of $68,677 million, an increase of 11.98 per cent over the previous period, and a net profit on maternity of $5,631 million, an increase of 11.55 per cent over the same period;
According to the Global Breast Industry 2019, published by the Dutch Cooperative Bank (Rabobanknederl-ands), it ranks eighth (one higher than in 2018), first at Nestlé, third at Dahn and tenth at Monx, looking at stock price trends in this case:
In this report, Merger Purchases of Mergers will update its financial model Excel tables, based on the tri-quarter report of 2019, and will summarize the central points of the semi-annual report:
In terms of the quality of growth — the main operating income increased by 12.61 per cent over the year, the sales cost decreased by 1.34 percentage points over the year, the management cost increased by 1.23 percentage points over the year, the inventory increased by 58.21 per cent over the year, and the accounts receivable increased by the same amount as in the case of accounts receivable.
The problem is therefore minor. In the third quarter of 2019, the share of accounts receivable as a percentage of income was only 2.55 per cent (in the first half of the year, in terms of operating capital — in the third quarter of 2019, the working days of inventory, accounts receivable and accounts payable, respectively, were on the whole declining, but not significantly.
In terms of the rate of return on investment capital — the roic share of cash cut out in the first, middle and third quarters of 2019 — compared to the semi-annual reports, there was a decrease in the number of warehouses in the third quarter of 2019, such as Hong Kong, Eastern securities, and Elfonda, and an increase in the number of warehouses in the Chang City. The ratio of the Fund's share of liquidity was reported on a semi-annual basis.
To sum up this semi-annual report in one sentence, it should be: growth is robust, the average milk market is 2 percentage points higher than the same rate, the competitive pattern is still strong, and the management costs are increasing significantly, mainly for equity incentive programmes.
1) What are the factors to be analysed after the release of its three-quarterly report? From a modelling perspective, how will these change factors affect financial modelling? 2) What is the difference between the performance of the three-quarterly report in 2019 and the previous estimates? What are the data assumptions that need to be updated?
Today, we start with this case, looking at the logic of modelling in consumer goods, and the characteristics of the industry.
A professional version of the report by the elite team, access to relevant reports, and some of the priority case Excel valuation modelling. What data are the key points? According to the three-quarterly report, the valuation assumptions that we need to update are as follows:
1) The rate of increase in revenue — the three-quarterly report 2019, which achieved operating income of 4571 million yuan, representing an increase of 11.98 per cent over the previous year (the median forecast is 14.12 per cent), which is somewhat different from the updated forecast reported in our report, which is due to the decline in other income sections, the update of this three-quarter report, which takes into account other historical developments
The three-quarterly report updates that we no longer predict other income and simplifys the assumption of zero revenue for the next 10 years. 3) Cost assumption (change in Māori rate) - the three-quarter report 2019 shows Māori rate (including depreciation amortization) as
In the valuation model, we were unable to study in depth the impact of upstream milk prices on their Māori rate, which we focused on in this three-quarterly update. The three-quarterly report shows little change in the cost of sales, but in this three-quarterly update, we will take into account the business business logic.
In the previous update, management cost projections would be adjusted appropriately in line with its repurchase plan. In 2019, 152 million restricted units would be awarded to 480 core team personnel, including core management, technical backbone, etc.
We treat equity incentives as bonuses, combined with management costs, and then deduct them from the profit statement in 2019. By way of measurement, we find that this change, while affecting market expectations, actually affects the valuation results less than 0.13% of the valuation results.
5) Other assumptions - In terms of operating capital, the data reported in the three-quarters report differ significantly from the data reported in the annual report, and since the asset liability table represents data at a time node, the semi-annual data reported in the operating capital subject is not significantly different from the data in the same period.
To the extent that other valuation indicators are not volatile, this modelling update focuses on the upstream original milk price to its Māori ratio, with an updated modelling report and a data-adjusted Excel table, you can compare the update with the previous data and see in depth what minor changes have occurred on the base, based on the three-quarterly report.
This case was founded in 1993 at Hout and Hut to do dairy processing, manufacturing, and marketing. There are several product lines of liquid milk, milk beverages, milk powders, frozen drinks, yogurts, etc. From recent shareholder holdings, Chinese fragrance.
Hong Kong Central Clearing Company held 13.04% of shares, Hu and Holt held 8.83% of shares, and the third largest shareholder, Pan Gang, 3.87%, was Chairman of the Board. There is no real control at this time.
The Hong Kong Central Bank Limited (HKCL) is a well-known fund for the rich, the rich, the rich, the South, and Central Europe.