Erie shares (600887.sh)
In the decade 2008-2018, the average annual turnover of companies was 66.1%, a high-quality white horse leader. China currently consumes less than one third of its world average per capita consumption, the urban-rural consumption gap and the uneven consumption structure.
As a leader in the industry, Eli will also benefit from the growth of the industry as a whole. Competition patterns for dairy products have emerged, and it is hoped to emerge from a win-win pattern.
The country's dairy industry has established a double oligarchic pattern. Reference is made to the home air conditioning industry's Gorgeous Widows for the first time in the year to propose a new strategic objective, “Global Breast Industry First, Healthy Foods Five” to achieve this goal, compared to Nestlé, which ranks first in the world's milk, with Eli focusing on international paths, enriching the product structure, and continuing to play it.
flattening, fine-tuning channel advantage, judging that business income will continue to grow in the future, that the net profit rate will rise again, and that the price of raw milk will rise, and that Eli will have an opportunity to expand his share. In 2019, when cow stocks fell, raw milk production declined, and the international supply of original milk was strained, we judged that the trend of demand and supply of original milk in 2020 remained tight.
In the short term, affected by the new coronary pneumonia epidemic, the demand for original milk may have fallen, but in the long run the demand for original milk has steadily increased.
The median market value is raised to $150 billion. In this cycle of rising milk prices, Eli is expected to continue to capture shares and upgrade the product structure with strong brands, channels and original milk control, achieving a substantial increase in volume prices and upgrading the market. The traditional areas of advantage are growing steadily, and the company’s “double platform” and “double influence” advantages are expected to prevail.
The former have achieved steady growth in the liquid milk market in areas of traditional advantage, while at the same time looking at the company ' s productification platform (Bibby Ely shares: income continues to grow at a high rate and the city ' s share is steadily raised), the international dairy company, which actively expands new areas such as milk and milk cheese, healthy drinking, etc., and the internationalization platform (to achieve resources, access to health products, etc.)
Markets, research on internationalization), channel influence (continue to flatten the company, fine-tune the channel), Ili shares: retail sales up and down the line continue to grow, products rise and brand influence (the target world milk leader) prevail, and the Ili shares will sail on the international track.
Year-end p30x valuation, first covered, giving companies a “buy-a-a” rating. Industry demand fell faster than expected; overseas business progressed less than expected. First, the Quality White Horse Unit benefited from industry-wide growth over the long term.
(i) High-growth, high-quality white horse shares Inner Mongolia Ily Industries Group Ltd. was founded in 1993 through a reform, the largest dairy company in China and Asia, and the largest and most full product line. In a 2019 “Global Breast Industry 20” list published by the Dutch Cooperative Bank, Eli.
On 12 March 1996, Ily’s shares were officially placed on the market as the first on the market for dairy companies. Since the company’s listing, the size of the company’s business, market value and profitability have risen rapidly.
Figure 1: Changes in the market value of the Ely shares (billion yuan) The largest increase in the past year, with the largest increase since the previous year (up to $11.5 billion); net profits of $6,452 million, excluding the world's milk industry from the top. The company's main products are liquid milk, milk powder and dairy products, and cold drinks.
Gross revenues from liquid milk amounted to $65,679 million, with a compound increase of 12.09 per cent over five years; total revenues from milk powder and dairy products amounted to $8,045 million, and five years of industrial layout in developed regions of dairy industry, such as Asia, Europe, the Americas and Oceania.
(ii) There is a long-term benefit for the domestic dairy industry from the growth space of Eli, as the leader, which currently consumes about 32.66 kg of milk per capita in China, about 90 kg per capita in the world, about one third in China, and about 72.66 kg per capita in Japan, where dietary habits are similar, and one in two.
There is still room for growth in dairy consumption in our country.2 The urban-rural divide between dairy consumption is around kg. Japan, Korea, is similar to dietary habits, Japan, Korea, is consuming about 30 kg of liquid milk per capita, China I
The cities are close to the developed world, but the rural market has more than three times the scope for upgrading. In 2018, the rate of urbanization reached 59.58 per cent and, in the context of the country's “rural revitalization”, the consumption environment and quality of the rural population has been steadily improving, while there are still as many as 41 per cent of the rural population as a large consumer group in the future.
This percentage point will effectively boost dairy consumption in the three or four-line urban and rural markets. In 2018, retail sales of liquid milk in the three or four-line urban and rural markets increased by 8.8 per cent on the same basis, significantly higher than the increase in retail sales of similar products in the two-line cities, and became a new engine for growth in the scale of milk consumption.
Figure 6: Milk consumption per capita in major countries, domestic dairy consumption structure, relative to single, China ' s dairy consumption structure differs considerably from that of the United States and Asia, and China ' s dairy consumption is mainly in liquid form
Milk and milk powder are dominated and cheese consumption is very low. We consume 55% liquid milk, 12% cheese, 42% liquid milk in Asia, 46% cheese in other countries and the Middle East, 25% cheese and 67% cheese in the United States, and there is still room for increasing consumption of solid dairy products in our country.
The market for dairy products will expand and mature over the next few years, and China will become the world’s largest consumer of dairy products. It will also stimulate China’s dairy production to increase further.
By reaching 30,779,000 tons, a combined growth rate of about 5% per year is expected over the next five years. As the leader of China’s dairy industry, Eli will also benefit from the rapid growth of the industry as a whole, while companies will take full advantage of the comparative advantages of the industry’s flagship, increasing their competitiveness, increasing their market share in the industry, and actively expanding their markets abroad.
A pattern of double oligopoly competition for dairy products has developed and is expected to emerge in the future from a win-win pattern (i) a definition of a “two oligopoly competition pattern” ("two oligopoly patterns"), which refers to the existence of two separate ownerships in the same market.
In general, the combined market share of the two enterprises is more than 50% and the market share of the second is more than 20% in order to be called “oligarchy.” There are clear entry barriers in the oligopolistic market.
The most important and essential factor is the apparent economies of scale that exist in these industries. If these industries are to accommodate large numbers of firms, each enterprise will incur a high average cost because of the small size of its production. Economies of scale give large-scale production a strong advantage, large companies grow, small companies fail to survive, and eventually create a competitive situation for a small number of firms.
For firms in the industry, the higher average cost will not match their pre-existing firms unless they can generate a larger production scale from the outset and have a relatively large market share. (ii) Reference to the domestic oligarchy of air-conditioning industry, Gorgeous, 2011-2014.
1. The establishment of a double-oligarchy pattern of competition in Grammy has now entered a period of steady growth in China ' s air-conditioning sector, following a rapid increase in demand and an expansion in the size of the industry. According to the National Statistical Office, the combined rate of production in China ' s air-conditioning sector during the period 2010-2018 was 8 per cent, compared to 8 per cent for the period 2010-2018.
Both a 56% compound increase in 1990-2000 and a 20% compound increase in 2000-2010 slowed down. Until 2010, China’s air-conditioning industry had more than 100 brands of highly competitive markets, with frenzied price fights that allowed all participants to profit from thin paper, and fierce competition that eliminated competitive firms into the air-conditioning industry.
At this point, both the elite and the United States have adopted a development strategy of priority size. In order to raise market shares and achieve rapid growth in income volume, companies have invested significant resources and costs to increase the visibility of brands among consumer groups, expand distribution networks and increase their control over channels, achieve higher market shares, and achieve faster growth than the industry as a whole.
Growth. After 2010, two companies, Gorgeous and American, had a market share of more than 55%, creating a double-oligarchy pattern of competition. For now, the two companies would benefit from a highly concentrated pattern of competition over the long term.
In the course of industrial competition, price competitiveness strategies and aggressive cost strategies have worked significantly at a time when industry concentration is low, but when markets form a double oligarchic pattern, there is a gradual increase in marginal costs over marginal gains. 1) Where the concentration of the market as a whole is still relatively low, the share of former manufacturers has been able to wage price and cost wars by initiating price wars.
In the case of low-level competition, a firm ' s aggressive price strategies and cost strategies tend to have a more significant impact on market patterns. 2) With increased market concentration, the number of competing firms has declined, and the price and cost wars initiated by the two oligarchs are already high
It is difficult to influence the market share of the major competitors, who have largely been out of the game during this period and most of the remaining firms are more competitive, and the effects of conventional price and cost wars have been significantly reduced, with marginal costs being higher than marginal gains likely to occur.
Against this background, Grammy's business strategy changed around 2011. Attempts were made to find new ways to get income up and down the fast track.
First, it focuses on the air conditioning business, emphasizing its research and development advantages in the field of air conditioning, and strictly controlling the quality requirements of the product, thus making it highly productive. It has the industry’s most complete industrial chain, all of the key air conditioning components are self-sufficient, capable of exercising great control over all key links, and the product brands are already well established in the consumer’s mind.
At the same time, the United States group’s clear shift from a scale-oriented development model in 2011 marked a strategic turn-off between America’s power and its focus on air conditioning. The United States group’s focus on “consumers are at the core” is on the upgrading of its products.
In addition to the bulk of the products, such as air conditioners, ice boxes, washing machines, there are more small household electricity products. According to company announcements, the market share of the 2018 United States was 43%, 53%, 44%, and 37%, respectively, in the areas of cooking, electromagnetic stoves, pressure cookers, and water kettles.
Positions; 26 per cent and 43 per cent respectively in the areas of washing machines and microwaves, ranking second in the industry; 16 per cent and 11 per cent respectively in the fields of water heaters and refrigerators, ranking third in the industry. (2) Channel patterns differ in competition
Due to the complete control of the entire chain of air conditioning, GLAs form a strong partnership of interests with distributors through self-built channels, and control of distributors is strong. This is the sharp arm of the glyceral cash flow and the king of the glyceral competitiveness. This marketing model is used as a textbook for the air conditioning sales scene, and many companies copy it, but none can.
In this case, the American conglomerate has to go deep into the market's fine veins in order to accommodate the different consumption scenarios of domestic electricity. The way in which the small household power is sold determines that the beauty is unlikely to have a strong managerial capacity for the conduits, so there will be different distributors for the beauty.
But this in-depth channel model ensures that all the products introduced quickly fill the market, and thus that the beauty is very competitive in the small electricity market. This channel capacity, which reaches the market, is also unmatched by gravity.
The difference in strategy between the two oligarchs has led to significant improvements in the profitability of both sides. As America’s group has not pursued a fast-growing income scale after 2011, the absolute market position for air-conditioning operations, and the profitability of the Gemmetries and America’s group has not been pursued with determination.
The net interest rate for electric appliances has increased from 6.37% in 2011 to 2018 (iii) the dairy industry is judged to be in a long-term competitive position: a strategy for the formation of a double oligarchic pattern of Elemon,1 and a pattern of double oligarchy in the dairy industry.
(1) The establishment of a pattern of double oligarchy in the Elymon, recalling the development of the dairy industry in China, after 2005 the gross income of Ely and Monx exceeded the light and gradually expanded to a level of more than 100 million yuan, the merger of two Elymons with a market of more than 50 per cent, and the emergence of a pattern of double oligarchy in the dairy industry in China.
(2) The Elymon cow is in a state of long-term competition, and there has been a deep-seated debate between Eli and Montagnard about the position of the two industries. In terms of income size, former Ely was higher than Montagnard in 2006 and then, in 2007, Montagnard counter-Ely, re-emerged after 2011.
1) Successful marketing strategies during the Monx sales in 2007 (represented by promotional activities in conjunction with national and local television) and innovation in product structure (improved milk for breakfast, pioneered the introduction of a high-end white milk brand called Trondsu, etc.) resulted in sales revenue exceeding Ely for the first time in 2007.
2) In 2011, Ili ' s sales earnings were counter-monstered: the dairy industry was hit by melamine in the period 2009 - 2011, Monx was subjected to changes in major shareholders and the departure of its founder, Mr. Nieugensen, and revenue from the company ' s relatively robust shares continued to grow at a high level, with anti-monarchy in 2011.
During the decade 2008-2018, Elie and Monx were highly integrated and competed directly in terms of product structure, channels, advertising, etc. 1) From a product perspective, there is a more direct competitive relationship between Eli and Monx in the current mainstream liquid milk products.
With the constant innovation of China’s dairy industry, dairy products began with the first single milk beverages, basic white milk and low-temperature milk products, with products such as high-end milk beverages, high-end white milk, high-temperature milk, children’s milk and emulsion beverages, which are more similar in their channel structure. Among the mainstream liquid milk products, Eli and Monx have their own brands under their own flags and have a relatively similar brand.
Directly competitive relationships. For example, the Anmushivs pure paper, the Trondsuvs gold dictionary, the Monx and Eli stock business overlaps very high, and Eli’s important profit product, Ammush, competes directly with Monx purer, while Monx’s important profit product, Trensu, competes directly with the Elykin.
2) From the point of view of the channel, Eli and Monx have developed their own channel model over the course of the decade. Eli has always insisted on flatening, fine-tuning channel management, adopting a deep distribution model. In this model, Eli has set up his own cold storage and distribution vehicles, and has sent its own sales personnel to direct terminals, with companies taking the lead in integrating the resources of different levels of cities for the purchase, supply and marketing of goods.
The model is heavily invested and slow, but when built, Eli has a higher channel and end control than any other competitor, and is more sensitive to the end consumer’s needs. The Monx, in the first and second phases, used mainly a three-tier distribution large dealer system, which attracts a large number of powerful dealers by offering concessions and equity.
Large. The third phase of flattening the channel began with a shift to a marketing model dominated by distributors, a combination of sales companies and cbu (core business units). 3) From the point of view of advertising marketing, both enterprises are increasing their absolute input into marketing costs.
The single milk sponsor who flew from the Shenzhou Five made it possible to use the slogan “China astronaut's special milk”, which led to an increase in the rate of harvest of 144% in the year; in 2005, the Monx sponsored the “Super Woman's Voice” phenomenon, raising the corporate profile again and promoting the birth of the monolith of monsty milk.
The Shanghai World Expo, two government marketing events, greatly increased Eli’s branding influence and nationalization. After that, Eliamushi, Kim Dynasty, and qqstar, respectively, continued to sponsor the hottest phenomena, such as the run-off brothers, I'm a singer, and Daddy Where to go, which greatly boosted and consolidated the market position of boxing products.
(a) The Elymons propose a “100 billion plan” for a period of double-oligarchy gold competition, both of which set a 100 billion income target for 2020, which, if successfully achieved, would mean Ely and Montagnard.
The size of Moncer's income and its ranking in global dairy companies will continue to rise at a faster rate. 1) Eli: By 2020, it is planned to reach the top five global dairy industries, with sales revenues of over $100 billion. According to Rabo Bank, Eli was ranked eighth in 2019 as a global dairy company. If Eli is to be in the top five international dairy companies, it means that it will be in the top five.
In 2020, Iri’s milk industry earned more than the world’s leading dairy companies, including Frieslandcampina, the American dairy farmers, and Arlafoods. In 2019, Eli continued to propose a new goal: “Global Milk First, Healthy Food Five” by 2030.
Monx: The market value of the company is more than $100 billion by 2020. According to Rabobank, the Monx has been ranked 10th in the global milk company for two consecutive years. The ranking has been steady for the last five years.
1) In terms of the advantages of traditional products, Eli is a leader in the warm milk market, while Monx is more good at low-temperature milk. In 2018, Eli ' s share in the warm milk market was 36.8%, about 9 percentage points higher than Monx, the share in the warm milk market has remained almost 28% for almost five years, while in 2018 Monx ' share in the low-temperature milk market was 28.2% and has remained stable for nearly five years.
Near this level, Bieli’s share of the low-temperature milk market in 18 years is about 12 percentage points higher. Given that the market share of the current warm milk market is higher than that of the Monty market, the gap between the shares of Elizhi and the Monty market widens the leading advantage in the warm milk market; and the Monty’s goal is to focus on closing the gap in the share of the warm milk market with Eli and looking for opportunities to counter-Eri.
2. From the point of view of the channel, each of them has the advantage of moving towards the hundreds of billions of dollars to achieve a win-win path, and the Ely distribution model is flattened, with a small but large number of distributors, which facilitates the channel ' s deep-deeping and sinking. Unlike large businesses located in cities, small and medium-sized dealers at the village level are more familiar with the local terminal, and the channel opens up their will.
In 15 years, Eli began to divide the area more closely, and managed the distributors more closely, deepening the penetration. Mong-woo earlier, with the major distributor model, began dissolving the distributors, implementing flat- level management, and gradually moving closer to Ely.
According to the company announcement, Eli has more than 5 million end-points in the national perimeter, with 16,893 sales workers in late 2018, or 30% of the total number of employees. Eli’s access is characterized by a high number of sites, wide coverage, and a high level of flat flattening.
The downfall of Eli began in 2007 with the Ministry of Commerce's “Many Villages” activity entering the “Rural Houses” and other township retail terminals. The “Many Villages” project led by the Ministry of Commerce started in 2005 and, as of 2011, had cumulatively completed the construction and construction of 600,000 new farm shops, during which time retailing of farm shops was clearly mentioned in county towns, townships, and administrative villages.
As a result of the “Many Villages” project, Eli has initially established links with traders and consumers in the three-line urban and rural markets. Meanwhile, in 2012, Eli began to develop channels, increasing coverage of the three-line city and township markets and increasing market penetration of products.
The rate was 83.9%, an increase of 2.7 percentage points from the same period in the previous year, with a penetration rate of 86.2% in the three or four-line cities, or 2.3 percentage points from the same period in the previous year. At the same time, with the expansion of overseas markets, the advantages of the company’s ability to penetrate channels continued to grow.
In the first and second phases, the Monx, mainly in the form of a three-tier distribution, attracted a large number of powerful dealers by offering concessions and equity. As quickly as possible, it helped the Monx to make a rapid increase throughout the country.
In the context of flat- level reform, sales to distributors, combined marketing companies and cbu (core business units) starting in 2013 are shown in figure 21: Ili direct-control village-level nodes (millions) 2. In terms of product structure and industrial chain, Eli first presented in September 2019, “Global milk industry first, healthy foods”
To achieve this new goal, the new Five's Strategic Objectives, which are more than the Nestlé, which ranks first in the world's milk, Ely tries to make full use of the comparative advantages of the vast network of channels established through warm milk products, enrich product groups, accelerate not only the traditional business of liquid milk, yogurt milk, milk powder, but also the market for new products such as cheese, healthy drinks, etc.
In addition to channel advantages, active restructuring of products, convergence with the world’s top dairy companies, and the new advantages of Eli’s future.
Monx is more concerned about the integration of the industrial chain, and their comparative advantage lies in their control over the upper part of the chain. To ensure the quality and control of the milk source, the Monx is working to raise the scale of the milk source. According to the company ' s announcement, the proportion of milk sourced on the scale of the Monx rose from 70% in 2010 to 100% in 2016, and the milk source achieved and maintained its full scale supply, avoiding the spread of milk source to the company ' s products.
On the one hand, the Montagnards have built smoother up-to-down partnerships and integrated industrial ecosystems through the modern herding industry. On the other hand, the Montagnards can further ensure a high-quality supply of milk and support the development of low-temperature businesses.
At the same time, in order to achieve the advantage of a sufficiently low-temperature product, the Moncers are working to upgrade the products of liquid milk, increasing the value added and profitability of liquid milk products. The Moncer’s higher share in the low-temperature market is evident, while the low-temperature product is also more conducive to its performance at the source.
After taking into account the pattern of double-occupational competition in the air-conditioning sector, and as a result of the shift in their respective business strategies, Grammy’s two-occupational net interest rate has been raised. We judge that Eli and Monuer are focusing on each other’s future business strategy, and that Eli is in a pattern of double-occupational competition in the dairy industry.
The golden decade of renewed net profit margins will provide a solid basis for achieving the new strategic goal of 2030. Thirdly, the warm and rising prices of original milk will provide a good opportunity to increase their share (i) the projected moderate rise in original milk prices in 2020
The price of milk fluctuated the most in 2013-2015, when demand was stable, mainly due to the severe impact of 13 years of high temperatures and dry climates on single production, and the foot-and-mouth disease, which affected milk production and was severely undersupplied, driven the domestic price of fresh milk to reach its highest ever in February 2014 at $4.27/kg. At this time, the volume of large parcels of milk powder has increased significantly, and domestic international milk prices have increased; and domestic milk farming has increased.
In 2014, the price of milk continued to fall to a low level of $3.39/kg in August 2016. Although there was a “refilling of cows” in the 15 years upstream, the scattered households gradually withdrew, but with the construction of large pastures in some parts of the country, the concentration of livestock has increased, the number of cows has been reduced to a limited extent, and a large number of low-cost imported powder has been added to the impact, leading to a prolonged de-capacitation cycle from 14 to 16 years.
Upstream milk prices began to rise significantly in the second half of 2018, after falling and underestimating fluctuations in previous years. The price of milk rose, mainly due to a reduction in the supply of upstream original milk, while downstream demand remained relatively stable. Upstream cow stock peaked in 2015, with a decline in the overall stock of upstream cow stock over the last two years as a result of tighter environmental policies.
Figure 26: China ' s milk production (tonne tons)
The supply of original milk in major dairy-exporting countries contracted and declined, with New Zealand, Australia, etc. increasing by 15% in euros/kg. The supply of original milk on the international market is expected to remain tight in the short and medium term. As a result of the new coronary pneumonia epidemic, the demand for original milk may fall in the short term, but in view of long-term trends, see the present report.
In the first part, judging the growth space in the dairy industry, demand for original milk has been growing steadily, and milk prices have been rising or slowing at a seasonal rate in 2020, but are expected to rise at a moderate rate throughout the year. (ii) Against a background of moderate and rising prices for original milk, Eli has come up with an excellent opportunity to develop.
We review the 2013-2016 milk price cycle, Eli's performance: 15% rise, and the 13th Māori rate drops by 3.6% in the same year, and despite the same downswing in the same year, it weakens the company's profitability. The 2011-2012 milk price has risen in a moderate manner, with companies shifting the upward cost pressure by upgrading the product structure and controlling the cost.
In 2013, the price of milk rose sharply, and the pressure to reduce the company’s Māori rate rose sharply, raising prices across the board around July of the same year, while reducing the cost of selling, and reducing the gross sales margin slightly. As a result of excess capacity and increased marketing pressure, the company’s profit margin fell slightly.
After this cycle of milk prices, the central axis of the total market value of Ely was raised from $100 billion to around $150 billion. Figure 31: Changes in the market value of Ely's total market value.
In 2020, against the background of a tight balance of original milk, a moderate price increase, Eli is expected to continue to win shares and upgrade the product structure with strong brands, channels and control of original milk, achieving a flat price increase and increasing market share. 1) Competition in the primary milk-pressure industry is expected to slow down, and companies can secure milk sources through long-term cooperation with large pastures and through the introduction of milk.
Prices and product structure move upwards to mitigate costs. 2) For the last cycle of milk prices, companies also have the initiative to raise prices in order to cope with rapid cost increases. Corporate profitability looks forward to a seasonal weakening of the original milk pressure from 2020 to 2021, with Eli acting as the leader of the industry in the period of rising milk prices.
Milk suppliers have relative bargaining space, while marginal cost impacts are relatively small because of their own sources of milk, and even when gross sales interest rates fall, they can guarantee relatively stable profit margins by regulating sales costs. As industry leaders, companies also have the power to move forward and raise prices, and companies can enjoy a premium when milk prices fall, and the Māori rate of sales rises rapidly, while taking up market shares.
IV. Stable growth in traditional niches, with a view to steady growth in corporate “double platform” and “double impact” niches (i) Ely’s current main products include liquid milk, milk powdered dairy products and cold drinks.
From 14.4 billion yuan to 65.7 billion yuan, and from 3.2 billion yuan to 8 billion yuan in milk powder and dairy products. We expect that in the next three to five years, Eli will continue to expand its advantages in the traditional niches of liquid milk, which remains its core growth point. 1) Regularly warm liquid milk: by 2020 companies can increase the consumption stickyness of dominant brands by increasing their marketing costs.
In the case of products, the main growth contribution points can be built around four dimensions: (a) product quality upgrades, such as the protein content of a single product; (b) packaging upgrades, such as dream-cap products; (c) product location breakdowns, with a focus on sub-categorized consumers; and (d) active tracking of market hot spots, with rapid entry into new products or new products.
In the case of the consumption population, the functional profiling of the needs of the population, and the introduction of different types of milk for different consumption scenarios. For example, the introduction of milk without milk for non-resistible emulsion consumers, low-fat milk for people with plastic needs, and cereal milk for people with more busy work and less time to eat.
Meeting the needs of specific groups is expected to be a major trend in the future. (2) Cream-teating yogurt: The whole industry has declined in 19 years, mainly because of the negative growth of Cream-teating and Cream-team beverages.
At present, there is still room for product-type expansion in the market (basic yogurt, low-end fungus yogurt), medium- and high-end markets (light, brown yogurt and big fruit yogurt), high-end markets (light organic, joyday and big fruit) and ultra-high-end markets (Paretti cheese milk). Eli can further deepen market segmentation, stretch product lines and increase profitability.
1) The milk powder business has benefited from the rapid development of the industry and the dividends of policy, with the rate of infant and young child milk in the past three years steadily rising 2) Over the past decade, our consumption of cheese has been largely dependent on imports, with our demand for cheese in 2018 amounting to 21,56 million tons, while domestic production is about 100,000 tons, and demand growth is expected to remain dependent on imports for some time to come.
According to the Institute of Forward-looking Industries, the EU is the region with the largest consumption of cheese per capita in the world, with a per capita consumption of cheese of about 17.78 kg/person in 2017, 16.63 kg/person per cheese in the United States, and 2.43 kg/person per cheese in Japan.
People. China’s per capita consumption of cheese is only 0.1 kg/person in 2017, and even in Japan, where dietary habits are similar, there is still a big gap between the two countries.
Low, mostly three dollars, good Lando, Elie, Monx, and so on. Although domestic firms are disadvantaged in the production of original cheese, they have a longer-term advantage in domestic branding under indigenous development and channels, or they will launch an aggressive offensive against foreign brands. Like the developed Japanese cheese market, industry leads with snowmarks, and local companies like Sun Yong.
There is still much room for growth in the cheese business over the next few years, with advantages, channel advantages, and cost advantages. Eli's 2019 cheese products, including child cheese sticks, and the 2c end of Mycchi cheese, have done well. The company plans to increase its 2b end market input and sustained marketing by 2020, and the cheese business will have sustained income growth over the next 3-5 years.
In 2018, the company constructed liquid milk, milk powder, cold drinks, in line with product lines and services, in the form of a Ministry of Enterprise.
Acid milk, healthy drinks, and cheese are the six largest groups of products. By reference to the world's dairy industry leaders, including Dare and Nestlé, Eli, as the largest dairy leader in the country and Asia, uses the domestic market for years of deep-deep farming, chooses to diversify its development, and has the advantage of innate development. With many years of company branding experience and a well-developed marketing network, new areas and new products are expected to emerge.
Also, as mentioned earlier, under the oligarchic monopoly of the dairy industry, Eli is distinguished from the important strategic layout of the Monx, fully prepared for the company’s goal of “Global Dairy First.” The liquid milk industry has the most complete product line, covering medium- and low-end uht milk, pyrotechnic milk and milk drinks; and the share of the company is higher than the average.
In 2018, the Golden Fair, “Anmush,” “100% good,” “joyday,” “Goldy crown,” “Jollyz,” and the Healthy Drinks Department started the construction of product lines along two lines: mineral water and beverages.
In addition to “fashion”, new products such as mineral water, the “Iqvi Springs”, are marketed in the short term, albeit with a small contribution to performance, relying on the strong branding and channel power of the “Eli” itself, to implement multi-product layouts in the area of health and to provide new growth points for companies.
In October, the mineral water “Iqf Fountain” was marketed in Al Hills, where it is now laid in the interior of Mongolia, and then sold in the northern Chinese region.
According to the source, “Italan” has been well marketed and is currently being piloted in China East, followed by a national roll-out, which can contribute to the growth of sales by companies.2 The long-term internationalization platform is moving towards the world's dairy champions. In September 2019, the company's new 10-year goal of “Global Breast Industry First” was adopted by the Shareholder Conference.
It is particularly important to build an international platform. The company's strategy for internationalization is three-fold: (1) internationalization of the resource configuration. Around 2000, companies took the first step towards internationalization: targeting the top international firms, choosing the top three in the world.
In November 2005, the company successfully held Beijing Olympics with high-quality products and services, and became a partner in China’s first dairy Olympics. The 2008 Beijing Olympics were successfully held, allowing the Chinese dairy business card to enjoy a world of fame in a global brand.
Figure 37: The IRI process recalls that since 2014, the internationalization of companies has been moving into fast lanes: 1) the European Research and Development Centre of IRI was established by the University of Vaheningen, the Netherlands, in conjunction with European companies;
2) In New Zealand, $3 billion has been invested to build the largest integrated global dairy base – the Ely Oceania Production Base – and in the Americas, companies have joined with leading American universities and scientific institutions to implement the Central American Food Intelligence Valley, promoting important cooperation between China and the United States in areas such as nutritional health, product research and development.
In November 2018, companies acquired the Chomthanacompanymited, Thailand’s largest ice cream company. In 2019, Eli’s shares acquired 100% of New Zealand’s Westland stock to consolidate the supply of milk, while setting up the international milk powder market.
Unlike in the past, when China’s products moved abroad on the basis of price advantages, they today rely on quality to win the global market. Winning with world-class quality is respected, based on corporate thinking about the internationalization of production bases in Oceania and the bottom line for future expansion of overseas markets.
In 2014, the company, together with the “food Silicon Valley” researchers, built the heart of China’s milk industry – the European Research and Development Centre (ERDC) – which is by far the highest-sized overseas R&D industry. The company’s Ammush product is a successful match between China’s consumption demand and the ERDC’s success, accounting for half of the green yogurt milk market with an annual increase of more than 200%.
According to the company's announcement, as of June 19 regular liquid milk penetration reached 83.9% and remained at 2-300 per year, based on a high penetration base.
The ratio of penetration increases, reflecting the strength of Ely’s powerful channels for capacity-building and scale-up. Of these, 86.2% in three or four-line cities remain higher by 2.3 percentage points than in the same period the previous year.
In the future, the penetration rate may increase at a slower pace, but with the upgrading of the Ely productization structure, in areas other than liquid milk, than in areas such as cheese, milk powder, healthy drinking, etc., the advantage of the company would be to take advantage of the company's channels, sank, expand the sales and influence of the larger products, one product by product, and so forth. The potential of the company as a whole to sink in the market remains high, and companies are expected to enjoy other products in the future.
In April 2019, China's brand rating authority, Chnbrand, released China's 2019 brand ranking and score.
In the food industry, the Ily Group has for many years been the first to pick liquid milk brands to show its absolute brand leadership within the industry. And, of the 2019 top 500 medals issued by Brandfinance, the global brand value-assessment authority, Ili ranks fourth in the global food class and first in Asia.
In recent years, companies have increased brand-to-consumer interaction through brand upgrading and precision marketing in the context of brand-building planning, bringing the Elie brands closer to the heart. By 2018, companies had “Eli” brands and more than 20 sub-brands, of which 11 had annual sales revenues of more than $1 billion.
Bright market performance and high quality are the cornerstones of Elie's branding influence, while public interest activities influence companies' brands.