On the evening of 28 April, the company released its 2019 report and its one-quarter report for 2020, and during the reporting period, the company achieved a gross operating income of $90,223 million, a year-on-year increase.
13.41%; net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies of $6,951 million, a year-on-year increase The company seized market opportunities and continued its good growth momentum throughout 2019, with overall performance at the helm of the industry.
The market for liquid dairy products accounted for 32.4 per cent of retail sales and 1.2 per cent of the corresponding increase; The market for infant and child formula powdered milk was 6.0 per cent and 0.4 per cent of the same increase.In terms of operations, the operating income for liquid milk series products was 73,761 million yuan, the same amount.
Compared to +12.31 per cent, Māori rate is 35.20 per cent, almost equal; milk powder and dairy system 6.65 pct to 48.12 per cent, mainly lower in Westland: Cold drinks, RMB 5.631 billion, corresponding to +12.70 per cent, Māori ratio
The traditional areas of advantage have seen steady growth in liquid milk, which has grown by 22.3 per cent in sales of priority products such as the Golden Fair, “Ammush”, “Fighty” and “Handy 100 per cent” and “Charlotts,” and so on.
Sales channels, to capture new business growth opportunities, recorded a 49 per cent increase in revenue from electricity suppliers over the reporting period; a 27.1 per cent increase from the same year for mothers and children; and a 4.2 pct increase from the same year for the same year for the market of the general-temperature liquid milk convenience stores.
The impact of the coronary epidemic is severe, and corporate sales revenues and net profits have declined significantly over revenue collection, which we believe may have been the result of increased promotion during the epidemic. The Māori rate has fallen slightly, and the cost control for the period has been good.
37.79 per cent, mainly due to the rise in the prices of original milk and increased promotions during the epidemic. Sales costs were 23.35 per cent, compared to 1.50 pct, mainly in the case of company acquisitions of Westland, equity incentives, etc.
• The future of the company. (1) The product structure is improving, the market rate is increasing, and the company is expected to increase its profitability further. (2) The company is actively exploring new retail models and promoting integration along the line, while continuing to do so.
(c) A project to improve access, increasing channel penetration: (3) firms accelerate the pace of global integration of quality resources, internationalization is steadily developing, and South-East Asia market operations are continuously promoted through investment, M&As; and acquisition of New Zealand
Westlandco-operativedairycompanicalmitted, completed the internationalization phase of operations, and is expected to build on global resources to improve consumption insight and supply chain operating efficiency across the board.
Risks; foreign market expansion does not meet expectations; food safety issues, etc. Qualifications. This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities.
The information and the views expressed do not form the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, and the information, opinions and opinions do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial position and specific needs of the persons to be taken from the report and do not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in the present report, taking into account their respective investment objectives, financial resources, etc.
If necessary, consult with a professional consultant on the financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters.