Daily consumption of food, beverages and tobacco: good sales trends, expected improvement throughout the year Events: We recently learned from grass-roots research that Ili's fluid milk has accelerated since the second quarter
Improvements, milk powder and cold drinks have kept up the growth momentum, and industry and leading companies are expected to move faster. First, sales rings are improving faster than ever, white milk products are increasing, post-epidemiology, access is rapidly recovering and consumers are demanding high-nutrient proteins for dairy products.
The dairy industry has recovered faster. Grass roots feedback companies have recovered more rapidly in April, increasing more rapidly in May and June, showing an overall upward trend in the growth of the ring. Meanwhile, the demand for white milk products has increased, the structure of the product has accelerated, and the Māori rate has been combined.
In addition, milk powder and cold drinks, which have continued the robust growth of the previous year, are expected to provide more support for this year’s income and performance. Healthy drinks, cold temperatures, and cheese industries are actively organized and well developed.
Cost is beginning to be manageable, further improvements are expected in the second half of the year, and performance is expected to improve.
Since May, as stocks are reduced to benignness, product freshness is restored, and end demand is raised, the three-quarters of Ely's shares: faster heat and fluid milk support, less discount promotion, and below-line sales, we estimate the cost of sales.
Presently, the demand for profits by dairy industry manufacturers and merchants is clearer: Equity: Stock Incentives optimized, promising convergence. Combined with Monx ' s net profit expectations for the entire year 2020 and the performance forecast for the first half of the year,
We expect a further improvement in the marketing environment and competitive dynamics in June and the second half of the year. At the same time, it can be seen that Eli has suspended some of the mature hot-line sponsorships and turned some of them over.
High value for money, better for consumers, new columns or web-based art that increase product visibility, both cost savings and cost-effectiveness. The cancellation or postponement of sports events due to the epidemic also results in savings in spending on current line costs. Overall, management has previously revealed contractions.
Realignment of the strategy for off-the-shelf costs, cost losses under the back line, with significant operating space, expected year-round sales costs and sales rates to be kept within budget and expected improvement in performance.
Considering that the recovery and growth of regular and liquid milk, especially white milk products, is exceeding expectations; taking into account the latest dynamic assessment of milk powder, Ily shares: sales trends are positive, expected to improve during the year; positive developments, such as fresh milk, are expected to lead to an increase through strategic positioning adjustments;
Considering the early heat of this year, the longer summers and the expected improvement in the demand for cold and milky beverages, and taking into account the planning and development of the Ministry of Healthy Drinking, Low Temperature, Cheese Industries, we judge that Eli's statement income this year is expected to exceed $97 billion in annual guidelines.
The expected performance is significantly better than the market’s pessimistic expectations. If marketing costs are better controlled in the second half of the year, the probability of a positive year-round increase in net profit for mothers will increase.
During the epidemic, the market was concerned about the extent of damage to the dairy industry and about consumer confidence, the recovery of channels, and the performance of listed companies this year, resulting in stock price performance by Eli.
Relatively vulnerable. With a marked improvement in the marketing of the dairy industry in general, and the leading company Ely shares in particular in the second quarter, income and performance are expected to improve accordingly throughout the year, along with the gold phase, where fees and profit rings continue to improve, especially in the first quarter of next year.
With the stimulus of sales data and good expectations, we judge that Eli’s valuation is expected to rise again. Taking into account the impact of the first quarter of the epidemic and the current trend toward improved sales, we adjust to the future.
At present, the valuation level of Ely shares has a comparative advantage, and taking into account fundamental repairs and the expected improvement throughout the year, we judge that companies are expected to achieve rapid restoration of the valuation. Compare the current upgrade of the valuation of traditional food and beverage leading companies, such as double-sinks, taking into account the overall risk preferences of the current funding.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.