Daily consumption of food, beverages and tobacco Ely shares: the impact of the epidemic has diminished, markets have recovered at an accelerated pace, and next year's performance has become more flexible: companies achieved a gross operating income of $9.02 billion in 2019, an increase of 13.4 per cent;
Deduction of net non-net gains of $6.27 billion, or 6.6 per cent; net operating cash flows of $8.46 billion, or 18.5 per cent more than the same; net return to mothers of $1.3 billion, or 6.4 per cent less than the same; and deduction of non-net interest shares of IRI (600887), the three-quarterly report of IRI shares:
I. Income in 2019 met expectations and city occupancy and penetration rates continued to rise.
In 2019, income grew by 13.4%, and an additional $10.67 billion was added to the guidelines for the beginning of the year.
In 2019, the overall increase in income was attributed to the volume of sales (+8.4%), income continued to grow and penetration continued to rise. In 2019, the city of Ilya used 37.7%, an increase of 1.4 pct, and market penetration 84.3%.
This represents an increase of 1.9 pct over the same year; 9.1 per cent of the LCD network has been added to 1.9 million, of which 8.0 per cent of the rural network has reached 1039,000. In 2019, Irie's infant and child milk market accounted for 6.0 per cent, an increase of 0.4 pct over the same period. In 2019, Ili's liquid milk and milk powders grew significantly faster than before.
On average, the domestic industry has seen the share of low-temperature liquid milk rising by 4.2 pct, mother and child retailing by 27.1 per cent, and the revenue from electricity businesses on the line by 49 per cent.
In 2019, there were four large items sold by Ely for over $10 billion, of which Ammush sold over $20 billion. The “Golden” “Anmush” “Golden” “Handy” “Handy”” and “Charlotz “Foot 100%” increased their sales revenue by 22.3%, of which the proceeds from the sale of new products increased by 22.3%.
In terms of product innovation, Ely’s first volcanic cooling, mineral water and milk, gold medals and gold crowns have been upgraded, and new children have been added.
In 2019, Iri’s income increased mainly through sales growth, downswing and expansion, product innovation, upgrading, and structural upgrading. The reasons for the faster growth in income in the four quarters alone include: 1 and 4 quarters.
Maintenance of a high sales cost (22.4 per cent) and offline power; 2 years off, spring supply revenue is more recognized in four quarters, with a low base of prior values.II. Improved gross sales spread in 2019, impact of amortization on four quarters of profits, performance met locking conditions
The main reasons for the slight decline in the Māori rate in 2019 in the operation of the main Ili battalion include: (a) a slightly higher than anticipated increase in the original milk price; (b) a larger increase in labour costs; and (c) a lower rate of Māori, which was caused by the pastoralist industry in the western part of the country.
The Māori rate is expected to increase as milk powders, such as higher capacity use, is expected to increase, while the Māori rate for beverage products is more likely to increase as sales expands, and the increase in the share of milk powder, cold drinks and other products also contributes positively to Māori rates.
In 2019, Ely's sales cost was 23.4 per cent lower than in the same year; in advertising, it was 1.2 per cent lower than in the same year. On-line and off-line costs fell by 1.6 per cent less than in the same year. In 2019, Ely's management cost was 4.7 per cent higher than in the same year.
6.08 per cent, an increase of 1.04 pct over the same period. The higher increase in management costs is mainly due to the scale of operations, including the increase in the number of staff as a result of extended M&As, and the impact of amortization of equity incentive costs, of which 159 million yuan was amortized in 2019, affecting net post-tax profits of 135 million yuan.
The amortization costs were fully accounted for in the fourth quarter, squeezing a single-quarter profit, which was one of the major reasons for the fall in net profits in the single fourth quarter. In 2019, Ili achieved a net profit of approximately $6,403 million, or 8.94 per cent, on a year-on-year basis.
Net asset yields were higher than 20 per cent, with a red rate of 70.9 per cent, to meet the release period of the first release period.
During the epidemic, especially during spring break and February, Eli’s sales network was affected much more, and sales were blocked, leading to higher earnings and loss of profits. Channel research reports showed that spring break was damaged by more than 30%, with a similar impact of about 23% in February, with an improvement beginning in March and a return to white milk.
Positive growth. On the basis of this, the primary income fell by 11.1% in a quarter, largely in line with expectations. Of these, liquid milk, milk powder and dairy products, cold drinks, respectively, grew at an equal rate of 19.0%, +27.0%, +20.8%, liquid milk doubles decreased, milk powder and cold drinks grew in reverse position, with milk powders showing a similar growth.
The corresponding increase in amortization costs: 2; lower demand for spring gifts, resulting in a drop in the share of high-end products in a quarter; product structure affecting the Māori rate; and increased efforts to raise the level of freshness, starting in March and February.
The increase in grant promotion activities and the reduction in the cost of recording income have led to a lower Māori ratio: 4; the short-term supply of original milk is equal to the cost of demand, but labour costs, manufacturing, etc. maintain a small upward trend. Māori rates are less than expected to be one of the major reasons for the sharp fall in net profits in the first quarter.
On the cost side, the sales rate of 25.2% per quarter rises by 1.1pc on a year-on-year basis, as sales are reduced, and the impact of equity incentive cost amortization is estimated at 100 million. One-time donations increased during the epidemic. Out-of-service expenditures increased by 328 million yuan per quarter on a year-on-year basis.
The impact of the epidemic has resulted in a decline in the performance efficiency and cash flow of the quarterly reports 6.2 days in 2019 and 8.9 days in 2020q1 receivables and receivables, respectively, affected by the impact of the epidemic and a decline in the performance of the quarterly reports and cash flow.
V. 90% of current business recovery, expected normality in May, q2-q4 accelerated catch-up annual report disclosure guidelines, and Ily ' s 2020 plan to achieve a gross operating income of $97 billion, an increase of 7.5%. Q2-q4 gross operating income increases by 13.79%, combined with a quarterly report.
The second release-of-sales performance requirement, which corresponds to q2-q4 deductions for non-mortality net profit increases at the same rate, makes it possible to meet the target and unlocking it more difficult. Eli shares: less impact of the epidemic, faster recovery of the market, more resilient performance next year
As the impact of the epidemic subsides, nearly 90% of business recovery and consumer confidence and demand are now recovering. White milk products are beginning to grow in March, and a return to normality is expected in May.
In our view, dairy products are typical of the fast-discharge industry, and Eli is the leader of the largest and most extensive distribution network. With the impact of the new crown epidemic, which is a social, industry-wide emergency, short-term fluctuations in performance are inevitable, but Eli's resistance to risk is inevitable.
The epidemic is also accelerating the exit of small and medium-sized enterprises, and Eli will gain further advantages in terms of sunk channels and market expansion, market shares and penetration rates, taking into account the impact of the epidemic, a fall in quarterly reports and corporate guidance, and adjusting profit projections for the next three years.
The epidemic had a one-time impact on performance in 2020, with greater elasticity in 2021, and our situation deteriorated: food security, and so forth.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.