The epidemic has had an impact on performance, with long-term configuration value and short-term pressure on performance affected by the epidemic (600887.sh) which can continue to grow steadily over the long term and maintain a “buy-in” rating.
In the annual report 2019 and the first quarterly report of 2020, the Ily shares reported an increase of 21,490 million, or 18.5 per cent; the net return to the mother was 1.3 billion, or 6.4 per cent, or 11 per cent; the net return to the mother was 20,540 million, or 11 per cent; the net return to the mother was 1,140 million, or 49.8 per cent, remained unchanged, and the company strengthened its own channels.
As a result of the impact of the epidemic, we projected lower-than-expected growth in 2020q1 battalion, higher-impact rates for liquid milk, higher-impact rates for lower-income producers, higher-impact rates for liquid milk. Following the outbreak of the new crown, passenger traffic declined, and spring breakers left.
In addition, the acquisition of New Zealand’s Westland company can also contribute milk powder, cold drinks, and the growth of 2020q1 milk powder and cold drinks at a faster rate of 27%, respectively.
21%. The firm has recovered in March and is expected to meet its targets through April. The net interest rate has declined mainly as a result of the fall in the Maori rate and the increase in the cost of sales. The net interest rate has dropped by 4.3 pct on a year-on-year basis, mainly because: (1) high-end product marketing has been affected by the epidemic; and before westland
Less efficient production period; higher overlay and purchase of gifts, with an increase in the Māori ratio of 2.6 pct to 37.5 per cent; (2) company input cost digestion of stock of products, with an increase in sales cost of 1.3 pct to 25.3 per cent; (3) estimated losses of the acquired New Zealand Westland company for the first quarter of the year; (4) increased out-of-service expenditure due to external donations.
• Short-term profit guidelines, which remain a long-term target for excellent configurations. The company’s first coverage report – the moat is solid, Ping announces a total profit of $6.1 billion by 2020. The company’s performance guidelines are the bottom line only.
The goal, Ely shares, is still close to the hundreds of billion-dollar target, and performance is likely to complete the stock incentive scheme, with annualized profits still possible. In the long run, Ely shares continue to have a configuration value, benefiting from increased concentration, product diversification, globalization, and so on.