In 2019, 90 billion points were reached, and the annual performance of the epidemic was guided by a conservative and pragmatic approach to the evaluation/food and beverage industry.
The company published its annual report for 2019. During the reporting period, the company achieved a gross operating income of 90,223 million yuan, compared with the one-quarter report of 2020. During the reporting period, the company achieved a revenue of 20,544 million yuan, compared to 10,98 per cent, a double-digit increase in the 19th year of the return, and a more realistic target of 20 years of exposure to the epidemic.
\triangleright, see that the growth at the end of the company has remained stable; at the end of the profit, the decline in other earnings and the equivalent increase in the impairment of assets have led to a slightly lower rate of profit growth than the increase in revenue. 215546.1303 million net profit has been realized in the first quarter of 19q4.
The impact of the epidemic, with companies setting a performance target of $97 billion in gross operating income and $6.1 billion in total profits for 2020. According to the guidelines, the 20-year harvest is expected to maintain an increase of 7.8%; the total profit is $8,194 million in 2019.
In 19 years, the gross sales spread increased, highlighting the company ' s excellent performance control; in the context of the low profitability of the 20q1 outbreak \triangleright class, there was a decline in the Māori rate, mainly because of the original milk price in the context of the tight balance of supply.
The main reason for this increase is that the percentage of direct materials collected by companies for liquid milk and dairy products reached 58.66 per cent in 19 years and +0.33 percentage points in the same year, mainly due to the ratio of workers ' remuneration to +0.84 percentage points in the same year. In terms of other cost rates, the decline is mainly due to the ratio of advertising marketing costs to 1.6 percentage points, which is 19 years in gross sales terms.
The gross sales margin of the same year and +1.16 percentage points indicates that, against the background of the rise in the original milk price, Eli is able to absorb higher upstream costs through product s010011880028 structural upgrades and flexible cost inputs, thereby ensuring a sustained increase in profitability.
(i) The original milk cost has risen. In order to safeguard upstream equity, milk companies have been buying at the contract price, which is still relatively rigid; but they are subject to a decline in demand and the cost of increased powdering has also increased; (ii) in the face of the impact of the epidemic, lower capacity utilization has led to higher unit costs; and (iii) a degree of progress in the marketing strategy during the quarter.
Review: o3 performance rate returns to double digits, percentage points, with net interest rates falling mainly as a result of (1) a decline in the Māori rate; (2) an increase in the cost rate over the period; and (3) an increase in the off-the-shelf expenditure over the period.
Quarterly reviews: slightly higher than expected revenue growth, associated costs; higher financial costs, mainly due to higher average balance of interest-bearing liabilities, such as short-term vouchers, short-term borrowings and other current periods; higher interest-earning expenditure as a result of the same period of the previous year; and off-the-shelf expenditure of 20q1
I don't need to worry about the cost side for the first half of the year.
According to the breakdown of products, in 2019 the company collected +12.31 per cent of liquid milk product series, +24.99 per cent of milk powder and dairy product series, and +12.70 per cent of cold-drinking product series, of which +22.3 per cent were sales proceeds for priority products such as the Golden Fair “Anmush” “Fight” “Fight” “Fight” “Fight” gold crown” and “Fighty 100 per cent” and became +22.3 per cent.
Depending on the impact of the epidemic on demand-side gift consumption and production and logistics, 20q1 companies have a significant short income period.
This is expected to put some pressure on Māori rates and net interest rates (high-end line Māori rates and net interest rates are better than parent brands), so we think this should be one of the reasons why companies are conservative about their annual profit projections. Moreover, equity incentive costs, Olympic sponsorship and extension costs are new in the year.
Amortization is also a central cause.iii. Profit forecasts and investment proposals. Despite short-term downside risks to corporate performance, corporate valuations are still below 36 times the left of the dairy industry as a whole.
Right average valuation levels (averaging the arithmetic, which corresponds to the 2020 wind's consistent expectations). At the same time, corporate leaders are strong and will continue to increase forward profit elasticity by raising market shares in the future, and therefore maintain a “recommended” rating.
In 2011, he entered the securities industry and is now in charge of food beverages and agricultural orientation studies at the Institute of Civil Securities.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and that, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.