Material material : q3 performances in China are still under pressure, waiting for industrial abductions: 3-quarterly reports issued by companies in 2019, yielding 7.73 billion yuan (+1.43 per cent) in the first three years.
Decline in volume increases, q3 performance pressure: The company's first three seasons of fibre and product sales were estimated to be about Xijiang base technical improvements and the new smart manufacturing line 1804, which led to an increase in overall production capacity, total market value/flow (millions of yuan)
But because of the larger impact of the new production last year (the 12-month maximum/minimum amount of 1.05 million tons) and the slowdown in demand caused by the global economic downturn and the trade war, the growth of demand has slowed.
The price of the alkaline veil has continued down since the beginning of the year, for example, with 2400tex unalkaliized direct veils, where the average price fell by about 10 per cent in the previous three quarters on a year-on-year basis, of which the average price of the q3 ring fell by about 6.1 per cent compared to q2 and the ring by 0.8 percentage points below, while the high end product area was hot, except for the need for wind veils.
China Stones (600176) The Chinese Monument of Stones has been affected by the overall decline in automobile sales, with electronic fibre fabric falling below $3 per square metre.
Stock continues to rise, with the cost rate rising during the q3 period: the company’s inventory at the end of the third quarter was 2,081 million yuan, and China’s Stones (600176), China’s Stones:
The market share of the electronic veil has increased and the strategy for differentiation has increased, on the one hand because of the increased capacity of the company and its supply, and, on the other hand, because of the macroeconomic rise of 1.61 pccs in the ring, with 1.15 pcs in the sales cost ratio, mainly due to the increase in the production capacity of the company.
(a) The increase in the cost of transport and storage and the increase in the financial cost ratio by 0.9 percentage points, largely due to the increase in interest expenditure in the third quarter as a result of the increase in the size of debt financing in the second quarter;
An agreement is reached in one phase, while the United States will initiate a process to remove 300 billion United States dollars in tax list products from the United States. If the application is not approved, the duties that have been increased since 1 September 2019 can be returned retroactively, and thus the impact of the trade war on the United States market may be reduced or further reduced.
In addition to this, the company ' s American line, which was launched on May 19, will help the Department to further expand the United States market. The production line, which is expected to grow by 5.6 per cent to 1818 million tons of the company ' s total production capacity, of which 296,000 tons will be overseas, accounting for the company ' s total output.
The rise in the share of production capacity to 16.3 per cent is a solid step in the company's strategy for the three continents, and represents the acceleration of the company's internationalization process and the depth of the “outside supply” strategy.
Industry is already at a loss, and if the down-price cycle continues, it is bound to speed up the process, and industry concentration is expected to increase further, while companies act as industry leaders, aggregate sizes, channels, brands, product structures and domestic and foreign production capabilities that are more rational and resilient to cyclical fluctuations.
Even stronger, the industry’s down-cycle will further consolidate its leadership position, and as the industry’s output lags faster and clears, the industry’s turning point will come closer.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report