PhillipCapital
上海機場 (600009.CH)
三大利好有望提振業績空間
中國 | 航空支援 | 滬港通
增持(下調)
16 年全年多賺一成,
上海機場 16 年實現營業收入 69.51 億元，同比增長 10.6%，歸屬上淨利潤 28.06 億
(現價截至 6 月 22 日)
元,同比增長 10.8%;每股收益 1.46 元,同比增長 11.45%。每股派息 0.44 元人民幣,
目標價: RMB 40.48 (+7%)
派息率 30%。業績低於我們預期 4%左右,主要原因有兩方面:
公司資料
一，上海機場航空流量自下半年起受到限制增速放緩，航空性業務收入低於預期。全
普通股股東(百萬股):
市値(人幣百萬元):
億元。
52 周 最高價/最低價 (港幣元):
40.16/25.55
二,期內運營及租賃費用大幅增加 1.83 億,T1 航站樓改造工程轉入固定資產,折舊費
用增加 0.43 億,人工費用增加 1.5 億。最終運營成本同比增加 12.3%,快於收入
增速,毛利率下降 0.8 個百分點至 45.1%。
主要股東%
2016 年公司的飛機起降 47.99 萬架次，同比增長 7.1%，旅客吞吐量 6600 萬人次，同
比增長 9.9%,貨郵吞叶量 344.03 萬噸,同比增長 5.1%。由於准點率未達標,民航局
自去年年中起暫停了上海浦東機場客運加班、包機和新增航線航班業務申請,公司去
年下半年飛機起降架次的同比增速相較上半年放慢了接近 2 個百分點。分市場看,國
股價 & 上證指數
際市場的客運量及貨運量均好於國內市場。
17 年首季業績大增超兩成
億元，同比增長 23.46%;基本每股收益 0.41 元，同比增長 24.24%。毛利率同比提升
2.3 個百分點至 45.4%。一季度，公司的飛機起降架次，旅客吞吐量，或有吞吐量分別
同比增長 3.4%, 7.6%和 13%。分市場看, 國際航線的貨運好於國內航線, 國內航線的
客運好運國際航線。在時刻受限情況下，貨郵吞吐量增速的反彈和 T1 改造完成後商業
財務資料
面積擴大所帶來的非航業務業務較快增長是一季度業績超預期的主要原因。
“產能+政策+商業”三大利好有望提振業績空間
公司目前的高峰小時航班數爲 76 架/小時,產能利用率僅爲 84%,遠低於可比同行。
隨著第五跑道、S1/S2 衛星廳的完工,旅客吞叶能力將達到 8000 萬人次以上,爲公司
業務量的持續提升提供了保障。而機場收費改革，免稅招標將爲公司業績提供更大的
向上彈性。
Source: Company reports, Phillip Securities Est.
公司財務狀況十分穩固，資產負債率僅爲 16%。現金流充沛，在手現金近百億元，每
年的經營性現金淨流入接近30億,足以覆蓋資本開支,預計派息率將持續穩定。
研究分析員
(+86 51699400-103)
我們預計公司 2017/2018 年的每股 EBITDA 將分別至 2.09, 2.53 元人民幣, 我們給予各
月 22 日)
Source: Company, Phillip Securities Hong Kong Research
Cargo traffic by segments
Source: Company, Phillip Securities Hong Kong Research
財務報告
(Financial figures as at 22 June 2017)
PHILLIP RESEARCH STOCK SELECTION SYSTEMS
We do not base our recommendations entirely on the above quantitative return bands. We consider qualitative factors like (but not limited to) a
stock's risk reward profile, market sentiment, recent rate of share price appreciation, presence or absence of stock price catalysts, and speculative
undertones surrounding the stock, before making our final recommendation
GENERAL DISCLAIMER
This publication is prepared by Phillip Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd ("Phillip Securities"). By receiving or reading this publication, you agree to be bound by the terms and
limitations set out below.
This publication shall not be reproduced in whole or in part, distributed or published by you for any purpose. Phillip Securities shall not be liable for any direct or
consequential loss arising from any use of material contained in this publication.
The information contained in this publication has been obtained from public sources which Phillip Securities has no reason to believe are unreliable and any analysis,
forecasts, projections, expectations and opinions (collectively the "Research") contained in this publication are based on such information and are expressions of belief
only. Phillip Securities has not verified this information and no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made that such information or Research is accurate,
complete or verified or should be relied upon as such. Any such information or Research contained in this publication is subject to change, and Phillip Securities shall not
have any responsibility to maintain the information or Research made available or to supply any corrections, updates or releases in connection therewith. In no event will
Phillip Securities be liable for any special, indirect, incidental or consequential damages which may be incurred from the use of the information or Research made
available, even if it has been advised of the possibility of such damages.
Any opinions, forecasts, assumptions, estimates, valuations and prices contained in this material are as of the date indicated and are subject to change at any time
without prior notice.
This material is intended for general circulation only and does not take into account the specific investment objectives, financial situation or particular needs of any
particular person. The products mentioned in this material may not be suitable for all investors and a person receiving or reading this material should seek advice from a
financial adviser regarding the suitability of such products, taking into account the specific investment objectives, financial situation or particular needs of that person,
before making a commitment to invest in any of such products.
This publication should not be relied upon as authoritative without further being subject to the recipient's own independent verification and exercise of judgment. The
fact that this publication has been made available constitutes neither a recommendation to enter into a particular transaction nor a representation that any product
described in this material is suitable or appropriate for the recipient. Recipients should be aware that many of the products which may be described in this publication
involve significant risks and may not be suitable for all investors, and that any decision to enter into transactions involving such products should not be made unless all
such risks are understood and an independent determination has been made that such transactions would be appropriate. Any discussion of the risks contained herein
with respect to any product should not be considered to be a disclosure of all risks or a complete discussion of such risks.
Nothing in this report shall be construed to be an offer or solicitation for the purchase or sale of a security. Any decision to purchase securities mentioned in this research
should take into account existing public information, including any registered prospectus in respect of such security.
Disclosure of Interest
Analyst Disclosure: Neither the analyst(s) preparing this report nor his associate has any financial interest in or serves as an officer of the listed corporation covered in
this report.
Firm's Disclosure: Phillip Securities does not have any investment banking relationship with the listed corporation covered in this report nor any financial interest of 1% or
more of the market capitalization in the listed corporation. In addition, no executive staff of Phillip Securities serves as an officer of the listed corporation.
Availability
The information, tools and material presented herein are not directed, intended for distribution to or use by, any person or entity in any jurisdiction or country where
such distribution, publication, availability or use would be contrary to the applicable law or regulation or which would subject Phillip Securities to any registration or
licensing or other requirement, or penalty for contravention of such requirements within such jurisdiction.
Information contained herein is based on sources that Phillip Securities (Hong Kong) Limited ("PSHK") believed to be accurate. PSHK does not bear responsibility for any
loss occasioned by reliance placed upon the contents hereof. PSHK (or its affiliates or employees) may have positions in relevant investment products. For details of
2017 Phillip Securities (Hong Kong) Limited
COMPANY NAME INITIATING COVERAGE
Contact Information (Regional Member Companies)
SINGAPORE
JAPAN
Phillip Capital Management Sdn Bhd
Phillip Securities Pte Ltd
Phillip Securities Japan, Ltd
250 North Bridge Road, #06-00 Raffles City Tower,
B-3-6 Block B Level 3, Megan Avenue II,
4-2 Nihonbashi Kabutocho, Chuo-ku
No. 12, Jalan Yap Kwan Seng, 50450 Kuala Lumpur
INDONESIA
CHINA
INDIA
PT Phillip Securities Indonesia
Phillip Financial Advisory (Shanghai) Co. Ltd.
PhillipCapital (India) Private Limited
ANZ Tower Level 23B, Jl Jend Sudirman Kav 33A,
No. 1, 18th Floor, Urmi Estate, 95 Ganpatrao Kadam Marg,
Jakarta 10220, Indonesia
THAILAND
FRANCE
Phillip Securities (Thailand) Public Co. Ltd.
King & Shaxson Capital Ltd.
King & Shaxson Ltd.
15th Floor, Vorawat Building, 849 Silom Road,
3rd Floor, 35 Rue de la Bienfaisance
6th Floor, Candlewick House, 120 Cannon Street
Silom, Bangrak, Bangkok 10500 Thailand
75008 Paris France
London, EC4N 6AS
UNITED STATES
AUSTRALIA
SRI LANKA
Phillip Futures Inc.
PhillipCapital Australia
Asha Phillip Securities Limited
Level 12, 15 William Street,
Level 4, Millennium House, 46/58 Navam Mawatha,
The Chicago Board of Trade Building
Melbourne, Victoria 3000, Australia
Colombo 2, Sri Lanka
Chicago, IL 60604 USA
HONG KONG
Phillip Securities (HK) Ltd
11/F United Centre 95 Queensway Hong Kong