The company, which is a high-technology company engaged in research and development, production, and marketing of in vitro diagnostic reagents, instruments and vaccines. The company, which adheres to autonomous innovation, control key technology, has developed into a leading domestic and internationally recognized research and development company for innovative diagnostics and innovative vaccines for immunization.
In vitro diagnostic reagents, biochemical diagnostic reagents, chemically luminous diagnostic reagents, nucleic acid diagnosing reagents, Quality Controls, diagnostic instruments, gene engineering reprogramming vaccines, and complete virus vaccine products in the eight main categories.
(b) Scientific research projects, such as the Beijing-based Science and Technology Project and the Fujian Science and Technology Programme. (2) The company has a rich product line covering a wide range of areas such as enzymes immunity, glue gold, chemical luminum, nucleic acid, biochemical diagnostic reagents, vaccines and Quality Controls. In addition, the Caris 200 fully automated chemical lumination analyser, developed by the company itself, can be supplemented with the company ' s chemical luminium reagents.
Combining uses, creating patterns of co-development of in vitro diagnostic reagents with instruments. The company's diagnostic reagents cover tests of infectious diseases, oncological signs, myocardial signs, metabolites, liver fibrosis, thyroid, etc., and have become one of the most abundant types of products in the in vitro diagnostic industry, with a more competitive position in the in vitro diagnostic industry, with a higher branding and recognition.
In vitro diagnostic reagents are one of the core competitivenesss of the industry. (3) The company's products are mainly used in health facilities such as hospitals, blood stations, blood centres, medical examination centres, independent laboratories, CDCs, etc. The company has accumulated a great deal of high-quality customer resources, covering all provincial blood centres, more than 300 municipal blood stations, and more than 2,000 2As.
In the six months following the report, securities rose or fell in relation to 300 indexes.
The accuracy and completeness of the information is not guaranteed. We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or solicitation for the sale of the securities in question.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report and consult with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary, taking into account their respective investment objectives, financial circumstances and specific needs.