• Investment rating: buying (maintenance) and profit growth continuously leading the state-owned business, other non-stop performances
At the end of the first quarter of 2025, the agricultural banks collected and returned net profits at the same rate as +0.35%, +2.19%, and the return net profits rose at the top of the state-owned industry, continuing the momentum of 2024. The return net profits increased at a rate of 1.91 and 2.53 pcts, respectively, compared to 2024a.
Of this amount, net interest income was equal to -2.74 per cent, interest expenditure was reduced through savings cost and structural improvements, net gains on fair value changes were reduced by only 7.12 per cent during the first quarter of the year, net investment gains and net exchange gains were significantly increased by +95.77 per cent and +64.07 per cent respectively, representing agricultural banks.
Corporate prices compare to 300 deep, financial investment allocation and position management are excellent. ..The growth of individual loans continues to lead the country, with a net increase of 56.6% in the first quarter being contributed by the county.
At the end of the first quarter of 2025, the total assets, loans, financial investments of agricultural banks grew on a year-on-year basis, the total liabilities of agricultural banks, the size of deposits increased on a year-on-year basis + 6.43 per cent and +3.08 per cent respectively.
The county financial strategy is deepening. In the first quarter of 2025, net increases in agricultural bank loans in the county area and in the county area were $72,61,848.85 billion, and 56.6% of the net loan was invested in the district area through the implementation of the district priority funds.
Source configuration strategies are used as a base for large counties. Agricultural banks are deep in the three-farm districts, with more sticky customers, and the gap in indebtedness caused by the loss of peer deposits is expected to be recovered by absorbing incremental district deposits.
In 2024, the agricultural bank ' s net interest spread fell by 18bps year-round, showing a clear “l-type” downward trend, mainly contributing to the downside of the cost of the end of the liability.
2. Three-quarter reviews in 2024, with performance leading, followed by a downside effect. In the second quarter, while bank pressure was eased, financial regulation on one side led to a return to a reasonable level of interest rates on bank consumer loans and prevented disorderly competition and malpractice.
Agricultural banks have the advantage of low-cost debt and are supported by a higher interest differential under the debt structure.
• The quality of assets continues to improve, the risk offset capacity remains robust, but the risk offset capacity of the leading state-owned major business continues to be robust overall. The agricultural bank’s county lending portfolio is generally better than the industry-wide asset quality (1.21% poor loan rate at the end of 2024, dialling
With coverage at 338.33%, the provision is also more adequate than other types of loans, and it is expected that the quality of assets will continue to improve with the deepening of the county financial strategy. With the slowdown in the urbanization process, the county economic base is low and growing at a higher rate, and deep-farming county banks are clientele.
Over the last three years, the central and western regions have seen rapid industrial growth and increased regional attractiveness, leading to high financial demand.
Quarterly profits increase, and the provision of security mats are the leading state-owned banks. The Agricultural Bank implements a district-based priority resource allocation strategy, and the county-based financial forces lead the growth-scale state-owned industry, with a low-cost advantage in debt. Bad rates continue to fall, and asset quality remains robust.
A profit projection assumes that corporate business income is expected to increase by the same year in 2025-2027 - interest rate risk: market interest rates continue to fall, competition for high-quality assets increases and interest differentials narrow. Market risk: asset quality deteriorates and negative performance increases as a result of large downswings in the macro and regional economies.
Business risk: Economic growth is slower than expected, and a significant decline in financing needs slows credit growth. Using legally compliant information, the data and information used in this report are produced independently and objectively from open information in the market, and I do not provide any assurance about the accuracy or completeness of the information or the information and advice contained therein.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.