• Investment rating: buying (maintenance) and profit growth on a marginal basis, leading the country's major business.
In 2024, agricultural banks collected and returned net profits increased by +2.26 per cent and +4.72 per cent respectively, with a reduction in agency insurance-related fee revenue as a result of the combined reporting. Other non-interest income increased by +26.3 per cent, and agricultural banks considered bonds in the context of lower market interest rates.
Market trends and portfolio management require a reasonable pace of investment and a better level of profitability for financial investment. Net returns on investment, net gains on fair value changes, and higher gains on exchange, with net returns on investment in comparison with firm prices at depth of 300
In 2024, the ratio of revenue to financial operations in the county banks rose by 1.4 pct to 49.1 per cent, while in the central and western regions, the contribution increased from 40.6 per cent to 42 per cent.
In 2024, the total assets, loans and financial investments of the Agricultural Bank grew by +8.4 per cent respectively, the banks ' personal consumption loans (including credit cards) and individual operating loans by 28.3 per cent and 35 per cent respectively respectively.
The share of domestic loans remained at over 40 per cent, a year-on-year increase of + 12.3 per cent, higher than the average growth across the line, with the highest and lowest deviations, and a better retention effect for clients. The client structure, with a slight decrease in interest differentials compared to the end of the three-quarter period, was mainly influenced by the downside rate of return on assets.
In the three-quarterly period of 1.2024, performance was rated as leading, with agricultural banks having a net interest gap of 1.42 per cent at the end of 2024, down 3bps from the end of the third quarter, with a year-round decline of 18bps. During the period of rapid downturn in market returns, the end of the asset was significantly lower than the end of the liability.
At the end of the year, the rate of return on interest-bearing assets dropped by 29 bps, with loans, bond investment returns, early repayment of mortgages, increased competition in the consumer lending sector, among other factors.
Impact. At the end of the liability, the rate of cost of the interest-bearing liability decreased by 11 bps throughout the year in 2024, with deposits higher than individual deposits at the end of the liability of the agricultural bank and the expected transfer of high interest deposits in the first quarter of 2025 further down the cost of the deposit.
• Continuous improvement in the quality of assets and maintenance of a robust risk credit capacity 1.3 per cent of poor agricultural banks at the end of 2024, a decrease of 2bps from 3q24 and a continuous improvement in the quality of assets. Provision is made for 299.61 per cent, a small decrease of 2.75 pcts compared to the end of the third quarter, a risk offset
2bps, an increase of 17bps. The risk increase is concentrated in 3-12 loans, mainly due to the rise in the non-performing credit lending of individuals who opened their doors early in 2024.
The rate of poor loans rose from 30bps to 1.03%, and the rate of poor personal consumption loans and business loans rose considerably. The changes in the impairment of loans showed that agricultural banks had adequate credit for new bad loans. By the end of 2024, the rate of bad loans was 1.21% in the county area, with a coverage rate of 338.33% and loans in the county area.
The quality of production as a whole is better than the average for the whole industry, and the provision is more adequate than for other types of loans, and the quality of assets is expected to improve gradually with continued financial viability in the county. With the slowdown in the urbanization process, the economic base in the county is low and growing at a higher rate, and banks in the deep county are visiting.
During the last three years, the average credit gap between the central and western provinces of Anhui and Sichuan has gradually increased, with rapid industrial growth and increased regional attractiveness, leading to high financial demand.
In the financial, central and western regions, the number of sites is among the four largest in the country. In 2024, the harvests and profits grew at a double rate, leading the country’s major campaign. The county-led financial strategy led to large-scale growth. The state-owned business community has a low-cost advantage in terms of indebtedness.
There is now a double drop, and the default rate for county lending is better than the default rate for line loans, and the overall asset quality remains robust. We expect companies to grow their business income in 2025-2027 on a year-on-year basis - interest rate risk: market interest rates continue to fall, competition for high-quality assets increases and interest differentials narrow.
Market risk: The downside of macro and regional economies has led to a deterioration in the quality of assets and a significant increase in negative outcomes. Business risk: less than expected economic growth and a sharp drop in financing demand have slowed credit growth. Using legally compliant information, the present report is presented independently and objectively, and the data and information used in this report are from open information in the market, to which I refer.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.