2022: Internal and external operations are stable, and the weak cycle has its roots on 17/03, 2023, and the weak cycle is stable: in the 2022 macro-level environment, it has been affected by geopolitical conflicts, and it's not the same.
With the energy crisis intensifying, and the Fed’s continued rapid increase in interest rates, global economic growth has slowed with high levels of inflation. Our steel industry, under macroeconomic downward pressure, has faced multiple tests of reduced end demand, falling steel prices, and large fluctuations in raw material production, and the industry’s “high cost, low profit” situation has led to an overall inefficiency.
The Division is the leading global producer of special steel. Operationally speaking: 1) In terms of volume, the company has over 16 million tonnes of annual steel production and achieved 15.18 million tonnes of steel sales in 2022 (+4.43% of the year); and the company's pursuit of opportunities for overseas energy crises and supply chain adjustments to export 1.5 million tonnes of special steel through precision overseas marketing
+20.8 per cent, export operations increased by 26.7 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and tons of steel is a record high; 2) in terms of business structures, companies are taking full advantage of the synergies of the plates and the flexibility of the six main product lines to overcome the downward pressure from the declining demand in the markets for bearing steel and automobile steel by seizing high-speed development compacts in the wind and power industries;
4.0 pcts. 3) Business development, the company's total sales of more than 70 “small giants” projects outpaced 5 million tons a year; “two tall ones” product sales increased by 63 per cent on a year-on-year basis, with a doubling of the growth of high and strong steel with a year-on-year increase, a 49 per cent market share of the space engine shell with steel, an 18 per cent increase for special stainless steel with a year-on-year increase, and a 30 per cent increase for high temperatures and corrosive alloys with a year-on-year increase,
In terms of product prices, we judge that companies are affected by weak end demand, such as automobiles, bearings, and a slight drop in product prices. Overall, the size of the company’s revenue collection has remained largely stable under the restructuring of the product distribution structure and at a volume-for-value exchange, reflecting the weakness of its cross-cutting product advantage.
There was a slight decline in profitability, with performance relative to that of the leading industry: in 2022, in terms of profitability of corporate business, 1) the overall business Māori rate was reported in mid-2022: industry pressure, leading by weak, product production continued to accumulate, and prices fell. Overall, the company’s sales of wind and wind services offset some of the increase in steam.
(a) The impact of the downside business climate of the vehicle and the bearings, which, while maintaining the overall business size, is a small decline in profits, is still ahead of most of its counterparts in the industry;
R & D inputs drive product innovation: the cost of R & D increased from 0.34 pcts to 3.92 per cent on a year-on-year basis in 2022, mainly as a result of increased R & D efforts by companies in the high-end areas of “small giant” products and “necked” materials, as well as national defense and material for major equipment, thereby entrenching high-end products as “coastal rivers”;
The remaining cost rates have declined in comparison with the previous year, mainly as a result of the firm ' s strong efforts in 2022 in managing operations to reduce the acquisition of Tianjin steel tubes and to consolidate seamless tubes: in January 2023, the company successfully won 60 per cent of the share in Shanghai Tetefo Steel Co. Ltd. and won the share in Tianjin Steel Control. To date, the company has 5 million tons of nothing.
Sewing steel pipe production capacity, the largest seamless steel pipe production enterprise in the world, will provide a solid basis for companies to do more in the field of high-end seamless steel tubes and to upgrade sustainable, high-quality development capabilities; “3+1” high-end continued: multiple high-end projects of subsidiaries of large smelting steel are still under construction, 1)
The construction of the main equipment unit of the Special Metallurgical Product Upgrading Project (phase II) has been largely completed, and equipment such as some vacuum sensors, vacuum self-consumption furnaces and so on has been continuously calibrated and tested since September 2022 and is expected to produce 39,000 tons of annual capacity for the “three-high-and-one-thres” products after reaching pre-service status in July 2024; 2)
The construction project (phase III) has an investment of $2.5 billion, with a three-year construction period that will produce 53,000 tons of annual production capacity for the “three-high one-special” product after delivery; and 3) the “80mw Subcritical Gas Wheel Generators Project” is a highly technically difficult special equipment project, whose planned completion date was adjusted from November 2022 to April 2023.
The company's goal is to create dozens of market-based, more than 40 per cent-segregated, small-man-size industry products, and the high-end process will improve the company's business structure and continuously improve its profitability;
The company’s annual report for 2022 revealed that the total amount of special steel sold in 2023 was 17.71 million tons of special steel, of which 2.3 million tons were exported.
Figure 2 Company net profit and increase in recent years. Figure 3 Māori sales rate and net interest rate on sales. Figure 4202 Downstream application of company products.
The new materials team for China-China securities: specializes in new materials and macrocycle research, drawing on the strong industrial background of the China-China industry group, focusing on new aviation materials and gradually expanding to new energy materials, light-quantified materials, etc., to form a track-type industry chain coverage and tracking, focusing on integration, and creating a level-II market synergy at the operational level. In the absence of this, it will not be directly or indirectly related to specific recommendations or views in this report.
This report is prepared by China Shipping Securities Ltd. (which already has the qualifications for securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board). It is not about any area, country, or other area of jurisdiction in which China Air Securities Ltd. and its associated companies have acted in violation of local laws or regulations for the purpose of sending, issuing, receiving or using this report. The copyright of the material in this report is a Chinese air security unless otherwise indicated.
The information, tools and materials contained in this report are provided to you only for reference purposes and are not intended as an invitation to sell, purchase or subscribe to securities or other financial instruments or as an invitation to others.