The year 2022 was marked by robust business performance, internal growth and growth, iron and steel and steel, and a steady demonstration of resilience. In the face of a sharp decline in demand and the rise in the price of primary fuel,
The benefits, the flexibility of the company’s high quality, diversity of its products, the re-testing of its ability to transfer costs, and its overall performance remain stable. Companies have achieved 98.345 billion yuan in operating income throughout the year, a year-on-year decline; they have responded proactively to market changes; and the product structure has been flexible.
In 2022, the output structure of the public energy sector increased by 7 percentage points in comparison with 2021. In the wind and power sector, the company was prominent, and the rapid growth of the wind and power industry was over 4 million tons, an increase of 36.8 per cent.
The company maintains long-term strategic cooperation with a large number of users, especially downstream industry champions, with higher levels of customer stickyness, high-end product positioning, and unique pricing models, making it more cost transferable and more stable than the average in the steel industry.
Leasure management, with a significant reduction in costs during the period. In line with the theory of “open-source flow, make-up” the company synthesizes production through innovative management, smart manufacturing, to produce a full process-to-show reduction. In 2022, the cost of sales to the company, management costs, financial costs fell by 9.30 per cent, 10.44 per cent and 26.72 per cent, respectively.
In 2022, the company achieved 15.18 million tons of steel sales, an increase of 4.43 per cent over the same period. In 2023, the company ' s sales target was raised to 1,771 million tons, and the company sought to achieve an annual special steel production of 20 million tons during the "145" period.
The Division has a long-term focus on research and development inputs, the continuous diversity of new products, and the continuous upgrading of the variety structure. On the outreach side, the company, Sintet Steel (000708.sz) 2022, tri-quarterly reviews: steady development, successful acquisition of Tianjin steel control shares.
Sino-Sinte Steel (000708.sz) - 2022 mid-point evaluation: robust performance, resistance to weekly performance, synergic drops, etc., is expected to contribute to the effective expansion of companies. Sino-Sinte Steel (000708.sz) - product structure optimization, steady improvement of performance -
" Quarterly Review of Sino-Sinte Steel -- 000708-2021: A steady driver of internal growth " - Quarterly Review of Sino-Sinte Steel -- 000708-2021: Performance rises on a quarterly basis, and the power of the vanguard is a strong growth path, a prominent market position, a strong business performance, a special steel.
Industry is scarce. Given the company’s successful equity in Tianjin steel regulation, production and sales are expected to increase significantly, with the super-strategy, performance resilience being demonstrated on a continuous basis. In 2022, the steel industry was challenged across the board, faced with the adverse effects of high demand, smoothing and the rise in raw fuel prices, and was flexible in terms of high quality and diversity of company products.
Proactively responding to the adverse effects of market changes, flexible product structure adjustments, and major applications of corporate products, including automobiles, mechanics, energy, etc., as market demand changes, firms actively adjust variety structures, weak bearings, steel, and declining demand for automobile steel. In 2022, in terms of product structure classification, companies
The energy sector increased by 7 percentage points in comparison with 2021. The company has a strong edge in wind and wind power, and the industry has a high rate of growth of over 4 million tons, an increase of 36.8 per cent compared to the previous year.
Characteristics, usually applied to critical components in the field of equipment manufacture, with high demand from end-users for material, performance and quality stability in the procurement of products, resulting in high levels of stickyness between users and qualified suppliers.
The sales model maintains long-term strategic cooperation with a large number of users, especially leading customers from downstream industries. Companies and customers adopt annual agreed pricing, negotiate product base prices and then determine final prices based on quarterly or monthly steel and raw materials markets and company price policies.
A price-fixing model that allows companies to transfer costs and perform with much greater stability than the average in the steel industry. Leap management, with a significant fall in the cost of the period.
In 2022, the company’s sales costs, management costs, financial costs, and sales increased steadily, reaching more than 20 million tons. With the complete completion of the Qingdao Steel Renewal Project, the company has the capacity to produce more than 16 million tons of special steel per year, forming a chain of coastal industries.
In 2022, the company achieved 15.18 million tons of steel sales, an increase of 4.43 per cent over the same period. In 2023, the company's sales target was raised again to 17.17 million tons, and the company sought to achieve an annual special steel production of more than 20 million internals during the "1450" period: new products continued to overlap and variety structures were upgraded.
In 2022, the company spent $3.851 billion on research and development, representing 3.92% of revenue. In recent years, the company has focused on the development of “three-high and one-size-fits-all” products, yielding fruit, air travel, 107 patents for inventions, 1721 patents, 391 patents for inventions and six awards.
In January 2023, the company won a successful competition for Tetefu, Shanghai, in Shanghai.
Steel Pipelines Ltd. (formerly Shanghai Electric Group Steel Pipelines Ltd.) holds 60% of the stake in Tianjin steel control. So, the company has 5 million tons of seamless steel tubes, making it the largest seamless steel-producing company in the world.
Significant improvements in corporate performance have been achieved within the time frame. This has been achieved thanks to the company’s good managerial power, production lines, technological upgrading, brand value, synergism, etc. We believe that this advantage is expected to help companies with figure 7: changes in sales of company-specific steel and targets (tonnes)
Figure 8: The Māori ratio of the company ' s sub-products (%) Lead enterprises, clear growth path, market position, robust business performance, and scarcity in the special steel industry. Given the company ' s success in achieving Tianjin steel control, production and sales are expected to increase significantly, but demand is still on the rise.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject