In the first half of 2023, the company issued a semi-annual report, which generated $19,852 million, compared to the previous half of the year.
In the first half of the year, the electricity business collected $17.576 billion (+5.43 per cent of the year), with a Māori rate of 44.73 per cent.
This is mainly due to the rise in high-mori power operations; net interest rate of 28.47 per cent (stable growth in installed and power generation, accelerated in July) and, by the end of the first half of the year, the company accumulated a stock builder of 31.62gw, with wind/fire power/other)
Additional renewable energy investments of 0.13 gw/0.39gw. Benefited from increased airframe reliability and an increase in the average wind speed, wind power used an average of 1271 hours in the first half of the year (compared to +8.4 per cent in the same year.
Other renewable energy sources generate 1,610 million kWh (year-on-year +96.75 per cent) and electric power from fire 5.02 billion kWh (year-on-year +46.1 per cent). In the second half of the year, wind resources continued to be relatively good, with an average of 457 kWh/mwh (year-on-four.4 per cent) per source in July, of which wind power access costs 469 kWh.
This is due to a combination of structural factors: photovoltaic access to electricity at a cost of $313/mwh (year-on-year-to-33.7 per cent), mainly due to the fact that new photovoltaic projects are price-neutral.
During the first half of the year, the company signed a new development agreement of 29.34gw (+77.94 per cent compared to the previous year), in which wind and power reserves provided ample space for company development. Prices of photovoltaic components have declined since the beginning of the year.
It is clear that in the recent past, the winning price was generally at $1.2-1.3/w, the lowest level ever, with the photovoltaic project increasing its economy and project construction expected to accelerate, and that the Group Wind and Power operations integration platform, with subsequent asset injection, was expected to accelerate.
By the end of 2021, the National Energy Group, which is a platform for integrating wind and power operations, had committed itself to gradually infusing the assets of the remaining wind power generation operations into the company over the next three years.
Reloading 26.32gw. In 2022, the group injected about 2gw to complete the follow-up commitments The size of the wind and light voltage machine was lower than expected and the rate of return of the renewable energy subsidy was lower than expected: the price of electricity on the Internet was lower: the price of the new project was higher, etc.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with due diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
Joined the China Galaxy Securities Institute in 2021 for research in the public utility sector.