Medical team, slightly pressured, multi-nuclear-driven growth time frame q3 achieved $2.19 billion, a 3 per cent decrease in the same year; net profit to mother was $740 million, a year-on-year ratio.
• The company’s performance is short-lived, and the company’s long-term viability of a series of drugs is high. The company’s multi-nuclear drive strategy is to build a series of derivatives based on a single star, and through brand-effect belts, it builds a firm’s continued competitive advantage. The company’s liver disease was used in the third quarter of 2022.
The results of the multi-nuclear drive strategy have been evident, with a slight decrease in the level of healthy performance, with a reduction of 3 billion yuan, or 0.7 per cent, and a Māori rate of 80 per cent, and a significant increase of 134 million yuan, compared with 59 per cent, in the use of telethermal drugs.
Cost rates continue to be optimized and profitability maintained. The company optimizes its marketing model, constantly expands its lines - a quick review of the report, 2022.7.19 points: active secondary development and innovative drug research and development, focusing on niche varieties.
“Performance growth meets expectations, channel development continues to improve by 2.08 percentage points, and corporate profitability remains robust as the channel structure is optimized.
2022.4.17 Building multi-occupational patterns in health and increasing research and development on new medicines.
At the same time, the company has continued to deepen its technology exchange cooperation and has joined forces with the Hong Kong Baptist University to create the China-China Drug Innovation and Technology Cooperation Facility, which will be selected as the Science and Technology Innovation Platform for 2021 at the Fujian Province Science and Technology Cooperation Base in Hong Kong.
▪ Policy risks; risk of excessive price increases leading to a drop in sales volumes; risks of developing corporate day-to-day business less than expected; risks of raw material supply and price changes; risks of creating new channels less robust than expected; and risks of a subsidiary being listed less than expected.