Wally Group (300.979): Short-term downstream trip, banks still under pressure, industry status and long-term growth
Selling, the world’s leading professional shoe manufacturer, mainly Nike, Converse, vans, Puma, and ug, whose clients have continued to slow their income growth during the inventory decolonization phase throughout the fourth quarter, has brought into sharp relief the firm’s advantages.
The world's famous sports brands provide development design and manufacturing services. In 2022, income grew better, prices were split, and the product structure was upgraded throughout the 22nd year, with companies co-located in Vietnam, China, Dominica, Myanmar, etc.
In the second half of the 22nd quarter, especially in the fourth quarter, 20 shoe factories were opened, which is a relatively small part of the world, international shoe-wear brands were entering the inventory process, and factory-end orders slowed down, specifically to Wally.
One of the professional manufacturers of sneakers producing more than 100 million pairs of sneakers. The q4-gauge income fell slightly. We think the company's orders will grow back when the industry's inventory is deconstructed. In terms of profit margins, the q4 operating profit margin has declined, but the Māori ring ratio remains modest.
It's the main reason for the change in the net profit margin. The profit margin as a whole is robust, showing good cost controls at the firm, debt and cross-stocking: capacity, cost controls are the core of the manufacturing chain.
The issue of water levels in stock is mainly related to previous supply chains, the industry as a whole remains relatively high, and Wally's strength as a core supplier remains prominent, taking into account the firm's high performance when stocks return to normal, the build-up of production capacity progresses steadily, and clients dig deep to raise their share of procurement.
The order increases faster than ever before, mainly with new clients like nb. The top two brands are the Nuke brand and the new power brand Hoka, the new clients nb and acics have great potential, and the new and old clients have come together to ensure the continuity of the growth of the order.
Three new plants have climbed and partially expanded, with 3-4 plants expected to become operational in 23 years, with an increase in capacity expected to be more adequate than in 22 years. Corporate productivity and client development have been better controlled, ensuring stability in growth and profitability, and subsequent firms are expected to maintain robust expansion.
In the course of the year, although the time point for clients to complete inventory de-listing is not yet entirely certain, the general trend of demand has been determined. On the client side, companies are also developing new customers and focusing on existing customers’ orders.
The Wally Group is the vanguard in the manufacture of sneakers. In terms of product control, turnover, capacity development, cost control, esg, etc., client development and productive resonance guarantee that the company will continue to grow.
The Division will continue to benefit from the growth dividend in the sports sector, and to raise its share by its own advantage. The rise is more than expected, and the increase in shipping costs is more than expected.
Wally Group (300.979): Short-term downstream pressure to go to the vault, industry status and long-term growth are in danger.
Research assistant brief on research orientations such as installation, electronic smoke, etc.
Shen Chong Lwin, who sells light labor research, analyzes his own research views. Any part of my pay has not been, is not, will not be, nor will it be, specifically recommended or recommended in this report.
The view is directly or indirectly related.
Wally Group (300979): Short-term downstream banking pressure is still in place, industry status and long-term growth are not in danger, nor are there any changes in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter that this report evaluates or recommends.
Businesses may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.