Branding has affected short-term performance, focusing on future improvements in overseas demand. Wally Group (300979.sz) has moved branders to stock and corporate performance has slowed down.
Corporate client orders are growing steadily, driving income performance. On the demand side, overseas consumer movements have been more stringent in recent years, demand for sports shoes has been growing steadily, the economy has been down in the second half of 2022, and some sports brand stocks are relatively high, leading to an increase in purchase orders.
The company, as the leader in the manufacture of sneakers, maintains a high-quality, large-client business strategy, enhances customer stickyness and continuously expands new customers, helping to keep the order steady, with 22 million pairs of sneakers sold in 22 years, an increase of 4.65 per cent.
Companies have continued to push for capacity-building, increase the flexibility of production, and strengthen the scale effect, leading to a steady increase in the Maori rate throughout the year, with a slight increase in the ratio of 22 q4 to Māori. The consumer capacity of the population has declined, the company’s downstream client stock has increased, and the order-down pace has slowed.
Currently, inflation in Europe and the United States is cooling, and we expect overseas consumption to warm up in 23 years, and demand from customers downstream is expected to rise again. Specifically, Neck performed well in North America and Europe in the second quarter of 2023, with sales of $13.3 billion a quarter, up the same amount.
Seventeen per cent; Puma sales in the fourth quarter of the 2022 fiscal year amounted to Euro2,197 million, or 24.3 per cent, with strong performance. The company continued to upgrade its R & D design capacity, which was accompanied by a gradual expansion of production capacity in South-East Asia, increasing its capacity for quality stability and rapid delivery of its products, which contributed to sustained performance growth.
A clear niche as a backbone of the supply chain, coupled with growing productive capacity, is expected to continue to strengthen core competitive advantages, optimize client structures, have a large long-term development space, and maintain a “buy-in” rating. Risk factors: more concentrated production regions and higher labour costs.
Head Client Order Filled, Supply Chain Streaking Up, 2021.8 Speeding Up q3 Income Growth, Sports Shoe Dragons
Top Stakeholder: 2021.10 Sinda Securities Co. Ltd.
In Beijing, building No. 1 of the 9th Alteration Street in the West Side of the City of Beijing, the building has not been, has not been, nor will it be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications for the securities investment advisory business, which the CSRC has granted.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.