The company issued a forecast for the year 2020 for a quarterly report to be published by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the United States of America.
As a result, there has been some delay in the delivery, but since March, when the shipment has returned to normal, it has grown better, and income is expected to grow faster, with a cumulative increase in the Māori rate from 1903 onwards and a significant increase in profits in the current period.  Investment in electricity grids is expected to be higher than expected, and super-high-pressure construction accelerated in 2020.
The capital is the backbone of capital investment, which is expected to be more than anticipated this year by adding new officials to the year when they took office +13, after the National Network planned to invest $408 billion in 2020, a 9 per cent drop in the same year, but last week's national network spokesman gave an interview with Yan Xin Xin Xin Xin who said that this year's investment is going to go up.
Four hundred and fifty billion (the same amount). The high pressure was the focus of this year's extra-coded investment, with only five lines approved as of August 19 for the 12 lines promoted by the Energy Agency in September 1818 and the remaining two direct four “with the hope of a rapid start in 2020 and the release of ultra-high pressure work plans within the National Network in March, as detailed.
Timelines, with three additional lines overstretched into the forward phase, were approved this year’s first ultra-high voltage project, the 1,000-kv lake transformer expansion project, and the year-round super-high pressure accelerated construction with high certainty. At the same time, the super-voltage construction is expected to pull 500kv, 220kv, the transmission and distribution industry.
The product layout is in harvest, the electrical equipment is high on hand, and it's high-growth. As a country's top-line power plant, there's a steady increase in the distribution of its thought-sourced products, mainly targeting 110kv, 220kv high-pressure products, traditional niches, circuit breakers, sensors, etc.
The first echelon, the gis, capacitors, etc. that were cultivated in 05-10 years, contributed to the new growth point. The number of Gis tenders for voltage levels, such as 110kv and 220kv, increased significantly in 19 years, the price rebounded, company gis orders increased significantly, the Māori rate recovered significantly, and 500kv products were stored.
The company's new non-tax order of $8.03 billion in 2019, an increase of 20 per cent over the same year, we estimate that the company's unpaid orders in late 19 grew by more than 30 per cent over the same year, locked in a year-long growth rate, and expected a 20-year increase in the number of tenders and prices in the context of increased investment in the grid.
In addition, the company’s early establishment of the sechsa Super Capacitors in Switzerland and the Shanghai Tender Automobile Technology (55%) have been integrated into the mainstream vehicle supply system;
It is estimated that there are more than 1 billion cash in hand today, and that there is still a further expansion. With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Stock Company Limited has a securities investment advisory.