10 per cent of the shares of the proposed participating countries in the river, with performance on 23 August 2022: company announcement, public listing on the stock exchange of the proposed participating state energy group
The natural advantage of scarce assets is further consolidated by the 10% share in the proposed bid. According to the company’s announcement, the company achieved a net return profit of 10.39 billion yuan in 2021.
Two hundred and thirty-four million yuan; four hundred thirty-two billion yuan in revenue in the first half of 2022, a year-on-year increase - 8.03 per cent, and a net gain of 11 per cent on the Grand River Company, so we assume that the 10 per cent of Kawakami's share on this bid should be in the range of 3,973 million yuan. Let's assume that the River will return to its mother's net profit in 2022.
The transaction is consistent with the strategic development plan and the direction of the company’s main business, and can enhance the company’s capacity to install its assets, helping to increase the company’s profitability and the combined strength of listed companies.
The company will further consolidate the natural advantages of the river’s scarce assets, continue to act as a strong clean core of energy, strengthen the power and power force, and build a world clean energy base of good quality. 3 is still more likely than expected under extreme weather pressure.
During the extreme high temperature and dry weather conditions in Sichuan (1 July-15 August), the cumulative total of 17.5 billion kilowatt-hours (kWh) of electricity generated from the Yatsu escalator increased by 27.2 per cent (3.65 billion kWh) in the same year; and 54.72 billion kWh of hydroelectric power generated in the basin increased by 28.7 per cent (12.21 billion kW) in the same year.
At the time of July, the Yadang Plateau station has been supplying more than 360 million kilowatt-hours of electricity per day. The root, according to the three main reservoirs, is still able to generate at least 20 days of electricity per day.
At the test of extreme weather pressure, Yagi River hydroelectricity is still more likely to be expected in three quarters. Yaku River hydroelectricity: with scarce assets with high-quality resource endowments, Yang Electric Station will contribute to the performance improvement.
1) Resource endowments: Yagiji River is planning to develop a 22-level power station that can be built up to remain 30 million kilowatts (kW) in three quarters under extreme weather pressure, ranking third in the 13 largest hydroelectric bases planned throughout the country.
In line with the company's long-term development planning and strategic objectives, the implementation of two “four-phase” strategies for green energy development is expected to continue to grow in the next few years. 2) Profitability: average hours spent by the company's crew were higher in 2019-2021 than in Sichuan Province.
(c) Growth space: the two estuaries and Yang Qui power plants have all been completed, compared to the production of the power plants.
The best performance is expected to be a 30-61% increase in the capacity of the Yagi River organic group.