The Yagi River has grown significantly in terms of power generation, opening up new growth along the river's new energy sources.
The company published its semi-annual report in 2022, which achieved operating income of $475 million in the first half of the year, an increase of 1.81 per cent over the same period; and a net return profit of $1,560 million (net of $1.534 billion), which was combined with investment in hydropower and new energy sources in the Yadang River and continued to grow in size.
In the first half of the year, all units of the two river vent power stations (1.5gw) and the Yang Qui power station (3gw) were brought in: in the first half of the year, the company successfully participated in the Replenishment War on China's Nuclear Reconsolidation and completed the investment (excluding the three gorges for new energy, medium-wide wind power and medium-range nuclear transfer), an increase of 17.8 per cent, compared to 17.8 per cent;
13.33gw, a 36% increase in the same year. Of these, 9.22gw, which accounts for Riang Yunan's build-up and water overflow, contributed to a 30% increase in hydroelectric power generation in Yagi River.
With regard to hydroelectricity in the Yakuza River, which benefited from the increase in the size of the generator fleet and the better water from the watershed, the first six months generated 37,283 million degrees of electricity, an increase of 29.6 per cent compared to the first half of the year; and the first half of the year, the Yakyong River Corporation, which had a net gain of $3,444 million, an increase of 25.9 per cent compared to the previous quarter.
In the first half of the year, RMB 1,653 million in investment earnings on Yagi River hydropower increased by 25.9 per cent, accounting for 93.5 per cent of the company ' s total investment earnings.
Water storage has led to a decline in electricity generation in the first half of the year. In the first half of the year, the amount of electricity generated by the company ' s holding power was 1,614 billion degrees, a decrease of 10.9 per cent in the same year: it benefited from an increase in market-based electricity prices, and in the first half of the year, the average price of the company ' s holding water on the Internet was 0.23 yuan, an increase of 4.55 per cent in the same year.
Roe increased by the same amount, and investment returns increased by 25 per cent on the same date, if the cost of operations increased faster than the rate of revenue, as a result of the adjustment of part of the repair costs from management costs to the cost of the main battalion operations and the increase in the cost of running the business lightly; Roe increased by 4.98 per cent.
An increase of 0.53 percentage points in the same year; net operating cash flows of 187 million yuan, an increase of 2.7 per cent in the same year. Basic stability: investment returns of 1,768 million yuan. An increase of 25 per cent in the same year (an increase of 353 million yuan in the same year), with the Yakang Corporation increasing investment returns by 340 million yuan in the same year.
The profits from the investment of Shinkoguchi are $20 million, the revenues from the same investment are lower than those of Grand River, and there is still room for growth in the construction of the new Yakuza power plant. The construction of the Mondigull, Kara hydroelectric power station is currently progressing.
Set-up, 3.42gw, expected to be operational in the 15-year period. According to the Yagi River Water and Power Company strategy, 4-5 main midstream elevator power stations (including the built Yeung Trench and the two estuaries) will be built by 2030, with a total of more than 23gw installed in 2030, which is 20% more than at present.
The new energy project in the Yagi River is expected to break through and become a new performance growth point.
According to the semi-annual report, Yajiang is steadily promoting the acquisition and development of wind power along the river, photovoltaic power generation projects, and after the successful acquisition of Dechang wind power, the project for the autonomous development of wind power in La Bashan, Dechang County, has started construction and a new source of salt energy for the Yaqiang River has been established.
The company is limited to developing new energy projects in salt-source counties, where water availability is lower than expected: electricity prices on the Internet are lower: new energy projects are not expanding as expected: inadequate capacity leads to an increase in water discards.
Tao Maw, graduated from China’s University of Mines (Beijing) and has had more than 10 years of experience in industrial research, and has long been working on environmental public and industrial chains. He worked on civil securities, Pacific securities, and joined the Chinese Galaxy securities in January 2022.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.