The semi-annual review of 2022: High performance growth is in line with expectations, three quarters are still over-expected under extreme weather pressure 2022 is reported to be consistent with fast reporting, and q3 is still over-expected in extreme weather conditions in the Yagi River.
1) The reported performance was consistent with the previous performance report, with revenue of 302 million yuan in the first quarter, an increase of 18.48 per cent in the same year; net profit of 1,002 million yuan, an increase of 50.84 per cent in the same year; and an anomaly of “Iran” pressure and sub-highness in the Western Pacific, according to the People's Daily News.
As a result, the Yakuza River basin suffered from historical dehydration during its main period, with a greater annual average of 45% less in July and 60% less in mid-August. The Yakuza River company, based on actual and projected water scarcity in June, launched phase III of the two estuary hydroelectric plants ahead of schedule.
In July, when the power supply was extremely tight and the incoming water was seriously depleted, and in order to avoid the supply capacity of the elevator power station, which was reduced by the lack of water, Yagi River decided to delay the water from the mouths of the two rivers for almost two months, the third stage of the plant held up about 580 million cubic metres of water from the two estuaries in June.
About 3 billion cubic metres of water from the mouth of the two rivers since 1 July have been used entirely for power supply.) During the extreme high temperatures and drought in Sichuan (1 July-15 August), the cumulative production of 17.5 billion kilowatt-hours from the Yagi River ladder power station increased by 27.2 per cent (3.65 billion kilowatt-hours) over the same period.
At the same time, the amount of hydroelectric power generated in the river basin has increased by 28.7 per cent (12.21 billion kilowatt-hours). Since July, the Yatsu titular power station has been supplied with an average of more than 360 million kilowatt-hours per day.
Intense energy in Kawakawa (600674); 2022h1 industry, under extreme weather stress, Yagi River hydropower is still more likely than expected in the last three quarters. Quick Performance Review: o2 performance is in history.
Yaji River hydropower: With scarce assets with high-quality resource endowments, the two or three Yang power plants will contribute to the performance increase. 1) Resource endowment: Yajiang is planning the development of a 22-level power station, planning for the development of installed features. Best performance. Yajiang q3 is expected.
30 million kilowatts, the third largest of the country's 13 planned hydropower bases, are installed. According to the company's long-term development planning and strategic objectives, two “four-phase” strategies for green energy development are expected to continue to grow in the coming years.)
In 2021, the average number of hours used by the company ' s crew was higher than the average number of hours used in Sichuan Province.
Power is stable. 3) Growth space: The two estuaries and the Yang Qui power station have been fully built into production, with a significant undervalued value compared to assets.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board