2022H1 performance report: q2 performance is the highest in history. 0507, 2022.
In the first half of the year, the company issued a fast-track report on its performance, yielding $4.76, an increase of 1.81 per cent in the same year; a net return profit of $1,560 million, an increase of 19.01 per cent in the same year; and an increase of 18.94 per cent in the same year.
It can be calculated that the q2 quarter achieved revenue of $302 million, equal gain of 18.43 per cent, net profit of $1.002 billion, equal gain of 50.90 per cent, minus $981 million, equal gain of 51.86 per cent, not only significantly exceeding market expectations, but also the best single season in history.
According to the company announcement, the increase in profits in the first half of the year was mainly due to investment returns from participating companies, which increased by $324 million, and given that Yagi River water and electricity are mainly active in the third quarter, it is expected that the company q3 will perform better.
:: Hydropower industry: clear business model, solid cash flow, high dividends rate and significant defensive value. 1) Characteristics: long construction period for hydroelectric projects, high engineering inputs, stable post-operation cash flow, clear business model, higher performance certainty and higher depreciation ratio at cost, so cash flow security
High-point red dividends, with a significant defensive value. 2) Resources: Among the hydroelectric plants that have been developed and are to be developed in our country's “thirteen-large” hydropower base, with the exception of the crane beach power station and the Utunde power station, the increase in the number of hydroelectric plants above 5 million kW is close to zero, and high-quality large hydropower is more scarce.
Sex, of which KIM Sha, Yangtze and Yangjiang are the focus of the hydroelectric planning base, corresponding to listed companies, where the sw hydroelectricity index has increased by less than zero over the years, the excess gains are more pronounced. 4) Cross-industry comparisons: we choose high dividends, low valuations, and cross-practices.
In Kawasaka Energy (600674); Low valuation, high contrast: the hydropower industry still has a new crew compared to the shipping industry, and growth is a constant theme; the hydropower sector has more stable and volatile performance than the coal industry.
Power and water assets with scarce resource endowments, significantly undervalued.
1) Resource endowments: Yagiji River is planning to develop a 22-level power station with a capacity of 30 million kilowatts (kW) for the development of installed power plants, ranking third among the 13 main hydroelectric bases planned nationwide. The implementation of two “four phases” of green energy development in line with the company’s long-term development planning and strategic objectives
Strategy, expected to continue to grow in the coming years. 2) Profitability: In 2019-2021, the company's fleet used an average of hours, which is more stable than in Sichuan province. 3) Growth space: the two estuaries and Yang Qui power stations were fully operational, compared to the year 2019-2021.
At the end of the year, the capacity of the Yaoji River organic group was increased by 30.61%.