Construction materials in China's Great Stone (600176), multiple rounds of price increases and high volume performance, South-West Securities Institute
• Events: The company issued a quarterly report in 2025, q1 achieved gross operating income of $4.48 billion in 2025, compared to $1 billion, compared to +342.5 per cent. Performance in the first quarter of the year was in the performance forecast.
Regulation and product structure were optimized, gradually emerged from the “intra-roll” vicious vortex of competition, and there was some consensus on the gradual recovery of prices, providing a better market environment for firms to raise prices.
3) Product structure: the company focuses on incremental markets such as tp thermoplastic fibres, small number direct veils, filamentary veils and fabrics, increased client ratios, higher end product ratios, and overall output and marketing structures to improve further, effectively raising the overall average unit price. In addition, the primary downstream application of fibres in a quarter is required
In order to increase, the same level of product sales will increase, and volume increases will strongly support improved performance. The Māori rate has improved significantly, and the combined cost rate has fallen. 1) The beneficiary industries have experienced multiple rounds of price increases, product sales prices have recovered, and the company Māori ratio has increased by 10.4 to 30.5 percentage points to 30.5 percentage points to the same ratio. 2) Benefited from scale effects and lower costs.
Efficiency gains, with sales cost rates falling by 0.3 percentage points to 1.0 per cent on a year-on-year basis; management cost rates falling by 1.6 percentage points to 3.8 per cent on a year-on-year basis; interest-bearing liabilities falling in size and the cost of liabilities declining by 0.6 percentage points to 1.2 per cent on a year-on-year basis; and combined cost rates falling by 2.8 percentage points, with net sales rates increasing on a year-on-year basis.
• The combination of advantages is strong, the industry is not falling back. The company has a strong size, a significant cost advantage, a more competitive technology, a continuous optimization of the product structure, and a growing integrated competitiveness. 1) The company, as a leading industry in the bobby industry, is the top global leader in many product segments, with a strong scale and cost advantage, and a sustained push for production.
High-quality transformations. 2) The company has a strong focus on innovative R & D, with 100% of its autonomous core intellectual property rights (IPRs) on critical technologies such as mega-pool kilns, high-performance glass formulations, leachate formulations, and equipment packages: the company ' s e9 fibre-optic products are now at the top of the industry, technological barriers continue to be strengthened, and technological competitive advantages are prominent.
1. China ' s Great Stone (600176): Multiple rounds of price hikes, the current booming prices for the sale of fibres, the recovery of demand on top and downstream, strongly supporting a steady recovery in sales prices, robustly growing resilience (2025-03-21)
China's Great Stone (600176): The Probity Industry's Lead, which, in general, looks at the company's elastic performance and maintains a “buy-in” rating.
No compensation of any kind has been obtained either directly or indirectly as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.