The full-time performance of China's Great Stone (600176.sh) has led to a significant improvement in its performance and a further repair of the Māori rate.
In terms of sales, the company has continued to push the product line up in recent years, and the share of high- and medium-end products has been rising steadily, with high-end products growing faster in 25 years and a quarter.
In terms of prices, since 2024, bobby companies have made many rounds of price increases for corts and electronics, and prices for corts and electronics have been rising.
According to data, the average price of direct veils entangled by the mainstream firm 2025q1 was 3885.38 ton/t, 8774.15 ton/t, and 22.52 to 18.60 ton/t/t/t/t/t/t, respectively. With the recovery price, the company's 25-year Māori ratio was further repaired, and 25q1 achieved Māori sales.
The scale effect + reduced the efficiency gains and the cost rate decreased during the q1 period. The cost rate for the period of realization of company 2025q1 was 0.61 pct. The overall cost control capacity of the company improved as the volume of sales increased, the scale effect increased, and the operating cash flow improved as the sales of the company improved.
The scale of production capacity is increasing, and the advantages of overseas production can be seen. The company accelerated the production of capacity, and in 2025, the second year of production of 200,000 tons of fibreglass-cooled coil-line production capacity will be released; and the annual production line of 100,000 tons of electronic fibre-based zero carbon-based fibre from the giant silicon-making base will be set in motion.
It was built in 2025, followed by plans to produce 50% capacity in 26 years, 75% capacity in 27 years, and 100% capacity in late 27 years. The company’s coarse and electronic production capabilities have continued to grow, and its size and leadership have been consolidated. In addition, in overseas markets, the company owns two major offshore productions, South Carolina, and Suez, Egypt.
Base, with a combined capacity of 456,000 tonnes/year overseas, the United States can produce 96,000 tonnes/year. China’s overseas sales of giant stones are expected to be less affected by the United States tariff escalation, compared to other bobble companies in the country, and the Department of Public Affairs could use its United States production base advantage to raise the United States market share.
Investment recommendations: In the short term, the implementation of the q1 double price would lead to further business recovery, a gradual recovery in downstream market demand and an optimal supply and demand pattern; in the medium and long term, the firm ' s strength would be further enhanced by the continued optimization of the company ' s product structure and the continuous release of productive capacity
The firm is expected to double its net profit in 25-27 years. Keeping a “recommended” rating based on good corporate growth expectations.
[Galaxy Building] company review report _ China's Great Stone (600176.sh): The year-round sales are highly innovative, 25 years of profit promising, and I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been the case in the past.
Galaxy securities do not need to be considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving the report. If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should complete the investment to ensure quality of service, control investment risk, and first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager.
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the information contained in this report is provided to the client for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to the client and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or integrity. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the present report that Galaxy securities may be issued other than the present report.