..source certificate, building materials, glass fibers, huayuansecurities.
Non-financial cover report for the first time. China's Great Stone (600176.sh) is the global leader of the bovine, growing in adversity.
Investment ratings: Increase (first time) in the number of global fibre-optic leading companies, model for growth. The company relies on the China Building Materials Group, one of the largest and most varied professional manufacturers in the world. By the end of 2024, the company had six production bases around the world, producing nearly 3 million tons a year.
Rehearsal history, corporate model of mixed ownership, long-term revenue and profit scale steady upwards, compound growth rate of Wang Ping Ping from 2014 to 2024
As a new alternative, fibre optics are at the core of development and competition, while the public division, through years of deep cultivation, transforms the advantage of “scale effect plus resource endowment plus technical power” into a constant cost advantage for the strong and gradually becomes the whole industry.
The cost advantage is clear from the average cost of production of the fibres of China ' s giant stones and their products in 2018-2024, which is 4511 yuan/ton compared to that of the public division. Specifically, (1) the capacity and the size of the production line are the largest in the world, and, on the one hand, the size of the production of the size of the company leads to an advantage in the procurement of raw materials and a significant reduction in unit production costs and production line switching costs; and, on the other hand, the larger one.
(b) The scale effect of the kilns and production lines is effective in reducing energy consumption and increasing per capita production capacity. (2) Raw materials and energy endowment advantages: the company's main production base is located in the town of Kiyochi, Zhejiang province, where raw materials are produced with waxes, and the purchase costs are lower than the industry level. (3) Technological advantages; corporate advantages
Leakboard processing and recovery technologies, autonomous development of formulations and leachate further reduce costs: reduce the consumption and use of palladium powder through continuous refining of leakboard processing and recovery technologies; reduce the cost of the fabric per ton through autonomous development of formulations, reducing the cost of the original mix from 1300 to 500 ton using the e6 glass formula developed autonomously by the Stones in 2008, for example; and reduce the cost of raw materials by achieving a national production breakthrough for leachate.
In recent years, there has been a structural division of demand in the fibre-optics industry, with the wind and electronics sectors showing a particularly prominent performance, with the giants relying on their own advantages to constantly increase the ratio of their products to those of the two main areas, with the best example of the difference between the two.
In particular, (1) Wind veil products have a strong performance and depth-bound customers: companies have been developing new products, and have gained rapid growth in recent years by leading the industry ' s wind veil products into deep-seated downstream customers. This year, during the 14th Five-Year Plan, markets are generally concerned about the possibility of a marginal slowdown in the subsequent wind veil demand, but we believe that the Stones have expanded their client base.
In recent years, companies have been able to lead the industry through the expansion of electronic veils and electronic fabrics, which has also brought about cost advantages and a “crowding effect” for stock players. In the future, the Stones are continuing to develop low-end electronic fabric technology and are now benefiting from it.
Ai’s demand for low-end electronics is evident, and we judge that the future giants are expected to expand their competitive advantage in traditional areas of thick cloth to high-end electronics. Supply and demand patterns are expected to improve marginally, and the medium- and long-term development logic of the industry is still in place.
Long.” Demand is expected to continue better in the downstream domestic wind, tram and pcb areas in 2025, but overseas demand or reciprocal tariffs are expected to yield 806,000 tons of production at a presumably new start-up rate throughout 2025, regardless of additional cold repair and recovery capacity, with net additional output projected for the year at 460,000 tons, or 5.88 per cent of production capacity at the end of 2024. Overall, although short-term industry data are slightly weak, the supply-demand relationship is expected to be marginal.
In terms of length and dimension, the current boom in the production of fibre optics has passed, the supply side of the industry has increased or will slow down, while, in a broader context of external environmental uncertainty, the internal circulation has been prioritized or will be upgraded, and the demand is expected to recover ahead of the cycle, taking into account the current fibre optics, which are the highest/lowest in a year.
The general trend of rising industry penetration remains, and the medium- and long-term development logic is still to be expected. Compared to companies, the average pe is 30/17/14 times higher, and given that the company is a global bovine leader, growing significantly, with its cost advantages in excess of the cycle, we look forward to long-term corporate development, covering for the first time, with an “upscaling” rating.
Each unit of net asset (dollar/unit) presents its own personal opinion of the target securities and issuers. I have been diligent in my professional and professional research methods, using information on legal compliance, and have produced this report independently and objectively, without any part of the person’s remuneration having been or will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific investment opinions or opinions in this report.