Quarterly Review 2025: Quarterly increase in non-profit deductions, Long 2025  incident: company disclosure of Q1 Quarterly 2025, gross operating income of $4.479 billion, year-on-year
+32.4 per cent Net profit/reduction from the mother ' s net profit of $730/744 million, accelerated growth in income at the same rate as the corresponding increase in the  and a quarterly increase in non-profits for single seasons. (1) Company q1 has been operating since the beginning of the business; wind power, heat and plastic markets continue to be high; demand for electronics is expected to improve; o1 is expected to increase.
The sales of yarns and electronics have been growing faster and the average price has rebounded significantly over the same period. (2) q1 Māori has a 30.5 per cent rate, with the corresponding/ring ratio increasing by 10.4/2.0 pct, respectively, with net interest rates for non-post sales being the summation of the yarns, the electronic fabric pushing for a new round of price increases, while unit costs have continued to shrink, prognosis, etc.
The net ring ratio for braiding and electronic cloth units has improved further. The net profit of the company is 744 million yuan, followed by a net profit of the parent, up 17.8 per cent from the ring, which continues the trend of rising seasonally.  Cost controls have worked well, inventory swing days have decreased, and asset liability ratios have continued to decline (1).
The company ' s cost for the period q1 was 9.3 per cent, compared to 2.8 pct, mainly as a result of the efficiency of total cost control and the rapid growth in revenue, with sales/management/R & D/financial cost rates being higher than the base of proceeds from the disposal of precious metals for the same period, respectively. (2) Company q1 purchased fixed assets, intangible assets, and purchased fixed assets for the same period.
Cash paid out by other long-term assets in the amount of 204 million yuan, equal to 53 per cent, ring + 11 per cent, reflecting the capital China Stone (600176); improvements in the 2024 annual returns and control of capital expenditure.
The industrial supply release is expected to slow significantly, and the landscape is resilient, with the company making the leading stock adjustment structure, assessment: profit recovery continues, downscaling structure works, expansion is orderly, and profitability is expected to improve.
While the production lines of the fire are moving on, and the phased supply shocks are gradually digesting, the pressure on the industry’s stock is manageable. At the same time, the industry’s profits are still historically low, with two- or three-line firms under pressure, continuing to constrain the pace of capital spending and the expansion of medium- and long-term supply in the industry.
China Stone (600176): perfect production capacity, global trade frictions, increased external demand uncertainty, but a significant contraction in production capacity is expected to optimize stocks and enhance shareholder returns.
The resilience that sustains the landscape is expected to open up further opportunities for profit-enhancing growth if downstream demand continues. Companies continue to push for better product structure, higher-middle-end dominance, cold-repair modifications to the covetine line, and the expansion of e-clothing and medium- and long-term profitability is expected to continue to improve.
Profit forecasting and investment rating: The supply of the fibre-optic industry slowed, the bottom of the landscape was up, the competitive advantage was consolidated under the top-down structure, profitability was expected to pick up, shareholder returns were expected to rise further, and valuations were expected to continue to repair. On the basis of the overperformance of prices in the quarter, we were expected to continue.
The three major financial forecasting tables for China's Great Stones have been approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board (CMSC) and are qualified for portfolio investment consultancy operations.