The 2024q4 performance ring showed a significant increase, with concern for the rebound and growth of the price of the fabric + 146 per cent of the same year and 59.4 per cent of the same year for China's giants (600176.sh); 632 million yuan in net profit from non-return to the mother, 131 per cent of the same year and 19.7 per cent of the same year for the ring.
The company’s revenue grew steadily in 2024, largely as a result of the company’s increase in the sale of the fabric; net profits slipped, mainly as a result of the lower average price of the product. Given the expectation that the price of the fabric would rise, we raised the company to 2025, and we kept the “buy-in” rating on the company’s fibre and electronic fabric.
In 2024, for the first time, the company sold 3 million tons of fabric, reaching 302.5 million tons. This has benefited from the company’s sustained efforts in structural optimization, market expansion and technological innovation.
Structure, with a focus on the development of high-end products, such as tp thermal fibres, small number direct veils, and so on, further enhances the market competitiveness of products. In 2024, company electronic distribution reached 875 million metres, further increasing its share in the electronic-grade fibre market, especially in new applications such as 5g, new energy sources, and companies create technologies through technology.
New and market expansion has led to the successful introduction of a number of high-performance electronics products that meet the diversification needs of clients. The promotion of the Zero Carbon Smart Project, which continues to optimize the external layout.
Tons of electronic fibreglass zero carbon smart production lines and 500 mw wind power projects are also steadily moving forward. Under the cycle, new demand is added, and these projects will not only further consolidate the company’s position in the electronic fibre market, but will also lead the industry towards green.
The company will also continue to optimize the layout of the global production base, especially the cold-repair production line at the Egyptian base, which has been completed ahead of time and remains fully operational. The company is also planning to move forward in the new overseas market.
Investment visits to further improve the quality of overseas operations and market share.