Construction materials group performed over-expected performance, profited on a seasonal basis, mostly increasing sales of q1 products due to increased demand for downstream applications, and since last year.
Since then, the price of fibres has gradually moved out of the bottom of the cycle, and the same ratio has been significantly repaired.
The national average price of 2400tex entangled in direct veils was $3766 per ton, compared to +22.3 per cent, ring ratio + 2.3 per cent and higher prices, mainly due to the recent low price of fibre-clothing at 2401, followed by the re-arranged strategy of leading the industry, which we believe to be a big stone in the industry.
Price rights are reflected. Price rings continue to be repaired, mainly due to high-end wind and electric veils, thermoplastic products of the Association, and in November 2024, companies such as China's Great Stones issued a reprice letter, which only 2.5% of the total value of the company, and the industry is characterized by light seasons (the fibres are rigid supplies, spring seasons).
(c) On the profit side, the median performance forecast, 25q1 net non-mother ' s gain of $732 million and 2404 net non-mother ' s gain of $632 million, so we expect that the net profit from the giant rock ton will continue to be realized.
Remediation trends. 28.58% Māori in the single quarter of 2404 Stones, up from the bottom of 2401, 8.45 ptt, Māori repairs on a quarterly basis, and the fibre-optics industry out of the bottom of the cycle. (2) Electronic fabrics: supply of scarce middle- and middle-stream manufacturing has increased by a few species, with a revalued in March
On the unit price side, the 25q1 industry averaged about $4.14/m for the electronic sheet, which was +22.8% of the year, the ring + 1.8% price ring repair, mainly due to the issuance of a letter of exchange by mainstream firms such as the Stones, the Tabble, on February 24, which increased the price by 7628 0.3.
RMB/m. Downstream demand has been strong since 2404, consumer electronics markets have been warming up, new demand from industries such as Timeai, 5g, and new energy cars, while new supply from industries has been low and industries have been under business pressure for a long time since 22h1 and there is a boost on the supply side.
Profit forecasting, valuation and rating Risk of downside fluctuations in macroeconomics; less than expected demand for wind power; over-exploitation of industrial capacity; and large fluctuations in prices of raw materials.
Scanning for more services. Scanning for more services. Analysis of the rates of the reports in the market.