At the end of March 2025, the stockholdings began to focus on the two main industries, the pig industry and the animal industry.
• No rigid targets were set for birthing pigs in 2025, q1 operating line costs were reduced to $13.3 and company prices compared to the trend of 300 per cent deep, with a loss of $1.78 billion for the 24q1 season, followed by a loss of 1.78 billion for the pig industry for the next three quarters
The prevention and control efforts during the high-prevalence spring period have laid down a solid foundation, with a 70 per cent reduction in the incidence rate compared to the same period, with no rebound in costs, with the operation of the 2025q1 company at $13.3 per kilogram, which represents a significant loss of $1.81 billion compared to the profit of the company ' s pig industry of $25 million.
In 2024, sales of company feed amounted to 2,211 million tons, a slight increase of 0.4 per cent over the same period. Of these, sales of poultry, pig and aquatic materials amounted to 1,496 million tons, 4.22 million tons, 1.69 million tons, and 970 million, representing a decline of 480 million, mainly in the first half of the year, in the consumption of high-priced raw materials, as well as before the company.
At first, the company adjusted its strategy in a timely manner in the light of changes in external dynamics, with monthly sales increasing on an equal basis over the next three quarters, with profits gradually improving. 2025q1, the company ' s feed business earned 240 million yuan, an increase of 110 million dollars, and its feed outlet of 5.39 million tons, an increase of 14 per cent.
(c) Remodeling the product system, creating a feed product department, separation of formulae and nutritionist functions, and monitoring each other.
Supervised, flexible and coordinated stabilization of product quality and profitability; full authorization of six regions to activate one-line team dynamics; more at the end of the raw material, with different measures of merit for different sizes; 2) promotion of single plant loads and reduction of full cost; 3) re-structured from the original
There's a market volume that turns into a market and a market for sales. The poultry is the size; the pig is the resilience; it's the growth; it's the increase; it's the increase in the volume of the water product by raising it to the level of the entire feedbu strategy; it's the market opportunities for other small-scale anti-sorts. The overseas feed program is challenging the export of 6 million tons, tons.
The full cost is reduced by $20. This is through: 1) full capacity, expansion and re-production, with a breakthrough in sales; 2) disaggregated material, with a focus on aqueous material, and a focus on the breakage of shrimp material in aqueous materials; 3) sustained production capacity.
We maintain the company's “buy-in” of the pig outbreak, which is out of control; the price of the pig falls far beyond expectations; and we use legally compliant information to produce this report independently and objectively, and the data and information used in this report are based on open information from the market, to which I refer.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.