The core is the lead in the country's autonomous cpu. The main business is the development of processors and ancillary chips.
The core core is the lead nation-owned cpu, leading the business, marketing and services, and the main products and services include processors and accompanied chip products and basic hardware and hardware solutions for the development, sale and appliance of processors and ancillary chips.
Programmatic operations. The company conducts industrial eco-building based on two main lines of information systems and industrial control systems, oriented towards services, the main products and services, including processors and supporting chips, network security, office and business information, and industrial control and material networking, in a comprehensive manner with its partners.
Products and basic hardware and software solutions operations. Company based on market cooperation, product lines operate on two main lines: e-government, energy, transport, finance, telecommunications, education, and information systems and industrial control systems.
A wide range of applications have been implemented, with a comprehensive approach with partners in the areas of network security, office and business information, industrial control and property networking.
The company is committed to a fully autonomous cpu ecology.
Depending on the technological path and the degree of autonomous control, there are three broad categories, namely, sea light and osmosis authorized by x86, Heath and Flying authorized by arm, and dragon core and electro-shentai using a self-research command set.
But cpu's good use depends on the product's own performance on the one hand, and on the product's ecology on the other, and the log core, as a self-researching command set, has a weak ecological capacity, and the company insists on self-researching the command set's national production path.
Debt relief and cross-share ownership: In order to compensate for the ecological shorts, the deep-farming industry has for many years developed a complete product system that covers the ip core, the operating system, etc., the software and hardware technology ecology, and collaborates in a variety of areas, such as net safety, industrial control and material networking.
Partners maintain market cooperation and work to create national production routes that can move out of completely autonomous and controlled ecology. Company products are available in both industrial and generic areas.
52-week share price range ($) Basic hardware and software solutions operations, with corporate products divided by application area into two types, namely, information chemistry and engineering control. 1) Infochemical chip is mainly a core 3 series product, directed to desktops and servers, etc.
In the area of e-government, finance, telecommunications, education, etc., a wide range of applications has been developed. This series of products currently meets market demand in key information infrastructure areas as the information-creation market continues to expand
Zhang, which is expected to continue infiltration in the political, financial and other spheres. 2) The industrial control chips are mainly in the dragon cores 1 and 2 series, as well as some high-end cores in the cores 3 for embedded specialized equipment, industrial control and terminals, such as joint terminals, instrumentation equipment, data collection, network equipment, industry terminals, etc.
Intelligent manufacturing, etc., has been widely used in sectors such as cybersecurity, energy, transport, etc. National production rates are low in both industrial and generic areas, there is a wide scope for the development of the national production-substitution-cum-combined sector, and the core is expected to take advantage of development opportunities with the advantage of autonomy.) In industrial control, we have a digitally controlled bed penetration rate.
In contrast to developed countries, the market is dominated by firms in Europe and America, Japan, and the rate of national production needs to be raised. According to the Nuewell numeracy index, the rate of machine bed control in Japan is over 90%, the rate of machine bed control in Germany is over 75%, the rate of machine bed control in the United States is over 80%, and according to the National Statistical Office, 2021.
In China's 2025 strategy, it is clear that there is still much room for improvement. Moreover, in the domain of industrial robotics and digitalbeds, overseas firms still occupy the main market: Germany and Japan hold the main markets for industrial robots.
The industrial chip s1480229001 has high requirements, high custom requirements, multi-process features, and the industrial control field is generally applied to vertical collars.
Research assistant: Zhang Youngja, or in a segmented area, with a smaller ecological barrier, the core can develop almost all of the pips autonomously and with basic software, etc., while the core is highly customized and has a wealth of specific area chips.
(ii) In the general domain, the market share of the national product cpu is still less than 10%, and there is a wide range of national production alternatives. cpu is the foundation, core hardware, and, above all, the foundation of arithmetic industries.
The development of the technology industry and the security of the science and technology industry are important areas in recent years, where the country's business has been sanctioned in the field of financial and intellectual growth in the East, where national production substitution is a necessity, and where the share of the country's future producers of cpu is expected to be low.
In 2020, the State Council issued Policies for the High-Quality Development of the Integrated Circuit Industry and the Software Industry, which state that China ' s chip self-sufficiency rate is 70% by 2025. Dragon cores are currently ecologically weak in the common domain, but companies are compatible with different command collection systems while actively training them.
Autonomous ecology such as systems, basic software, office software, etc., has been gradually expanded from the desktop area to the server domain, while the future of the core ecosystem will become more pronounced and opportunities for development are expected to emerge. Corporate profitability forecasts and investment ratings: a company committed to the cpu ecology as a national product.
Building, at the same time, with a break in focus in the fields of industrial control and generalization, and looking at the opportunities for companies to develop in the light of future trends in national production substitution and growth in demand for accounting, we expect the net profits of the company to be the source of financial prosperity in the East in 2022-2024, respectively.
Nationally produced cpu-led enterprise, deep-farming industry rich and thin, 1.1 is a national product cpu-led company, and the core is the lead nation-owned cpu-led company, with the main business being the development, marketing and servicing of processors and ancillary chips, the main products and services.
The company conducts industrial construction based on two main lines of information systems and industrial control systems, maintains comprehensive market cooperation with partners in areas such as network security, office and business information, industrial controls, and physical networking, and a range of products has been widely used in the areas of e-government, energy, transport, finance, telecommunications, education, etc.
1.2 The research and development phase was launched in May 2001 with the launch of a core group under the Institute's knowledge innovation project. The company's forward core service was launched on 5 March 2008 by the Transfer Centre 1 and China Bureau 2 jointly.
On 8 November 2020, the company convened its 6th Shareholder Meeting in 2020, agreeing to change the company ' s corporate capital to a limited company. The launch of the autonomous command system, Loongarch (Longarch Structure), laid the foundation for the construction of an autonomous ecological system.
In 2022, the successful landing of the project became the first share of the national production of cpu.
1.3 The equity structure is stable, the state is strong, the company is relatively stable, and the holdings are held by Hu Wei Wu, the Seng Hong couple, Hu Wei Wu as Chairman and General Manager of the company, and Jin Hong as Director General of the investment. 21.53% of the Sino-child core is held by Hu Wei-wo and 47.67% of the Tian-child core is held by Hu Wei-Wu as the first major shareholder. 25.76% of the state-owned shares are combined.
The Central Court of Science has 19.32 per cent of the shares in the Chinese census and the Beijing municipality 6.44 per cent in the North.
2.cpu, an autonomous ecological builder, a two-line expansion, a growing product matrix, and a company that takes a fully independent national production path and works on cpu products and ecology.
Cpu is one of the industries in Europe and the United States where we are “cracked” and the core science and technology is subject to overseas sanctions that, on the one hand, will affect the country's development in science and technology and, on the other hand, the security risks of the information industry. In order to keep the core key areas firmly in our hands, the country's cpu enterprise has accumulated over the past two or three decades, and has managed to run out of usable and useful national cpu products.
There are mainly six, which can be divided into three broad categories according to different technological pathways and levels of autonomous control, namely, sea light and ostensible cores authorized by the x86 structure, Heath and Flying authorized by the arm structure, and dragon cores and electro-shentai using the self-research command set. On the whole, self-research instructions are the most autonomous of the cores, but cpu is well used depending on the product ' s own performance on the one hand, and the product ecology on the other.
As a self-research command set of structures with a slightly weak ecological capacity, the company insists on developing a national production path for the self-research command set to compensate for the ecological short-line, deep-ploughing industry has for many years developed a product system that covers the whole range of basic hardware and software technologies such as ip nuclear, operational systems, etc., and is working with partners in a variety of areas, such as net safety, industrial control, and material networking, to create a national production path that is able to move out of completely autonomous ecology.
2.1 Self-research self-researching autonomous command set systems to form software and hardware product systems that insist on building ecosystems based on autonomous command set systems. For chip development, the cpu core insists on autonomous development of core ip. The core has released self-research command set systems, loongarch, which can run binary applications on mips, x86, arm platforms, and which include serial cpuips.
Nuclear, gpuip nuclear, memory controllers and phy, high-speed bus controllers and phy, among others, are the basis for the generation of a core series 3 for table and server applications, a core series 2 for terminal and engineering applications, and a series of dozens of processor products for specific applications, such as a core series 1.
The system, which carries out research and development work in the field of basic software such as kernels, compilers, programming language virtual machines, cloud computing, forms the basic version operating system for information-based applications, loongnix, and the basic version operating system for industrial control applications, which is a very small number of cpu companies worldwide that have built up complete ecological systems of basic software technology.
The main products and services in the core core include processors and ancillary chips, product and basic hardware solutions, and the company’s products can be divided into information chemicals and industrial controls, depending on the field of application.
Chips are mainly in the Dragonheart 3 series, directed to desktops and servers, and have been widely used in the areas of e-government, finance, telecommunications, education, etc. The series currently meets market demand in key information infrastructure areas and is expected to continue to penetrate the Party, finance, etc., as the information market continues to expand. 2) The industrial chip is mainly in the Dragon 1 series, Dragonchip 2 series, and part of it is in the Dragonheart 3.
High-end chips, for embedded specialized equipment, industrial controls and terminals, such as joint terminals, instrumentation equipment, data collection, network equipment, industry terminals, smart manufacturing, etc., have been widely used in the industrial areas of network communication, energy, and transport. The industrial domain of corecpu has become the product base of hundreds of manufacturers in the country, and its applications are expanding and are expected to continue to expand in scope and generate revenue.
Figure 3: In the field of production and application of the middle core products, the source of financial growth in the East, by product series, can be divided into three series of cores: Dragonheart 1, Dragonheart 2, Dragonheart 3 and a combination of chip and bridge chips.
The series is a low-power, low-cost specialized embedded soc or mcu processor, usually integrated into a 32-bit low-power processor core, mainly for embedded, specialized applications, and is a work-control application. 2) The core 2 series is a low-power general processor, designed using a single chip soc, usually integrated into one to four 64-digit low-power processor cores, and the application scene is also directed to areas such as industrial control and terminals. 3) The core 3 is a high-performance generality.
Processors, typically integrated into 4 or more of the 64-bit high performance processors cores, as opposed to 1 and 2, are mainly directed to information areas such as desktops and servers, some of which are also directed to high-end industrial control applications. 4) Accompaniment chips include bridges and the development of power chips, clocks, chipes, etc., which are mainly used and sold in conjunction with dragon core series 3, and source chips and clock chips are mainly used and sold with dragon core 2, dragon core, etc.
Accompanied by the 3rd series processor, the source of financial and intellectual growth in the East, the heart core (688047): national cpu ecological builder, industrial control, common domain.
3. There are significant advantages in the field of industrial control, in the general domain, in the field of industrial control, and in the field of engineering 3.1, in which there are several industry applications in the core.
Industrial automation is a trend towards the widespread use of auto-control, automatic adjustment devices in industrial production as a substitute for manual manipulation of machines and machine systems for processing production. On the one hand, manufacturing demand for industrial control markets has increased as a result of rising labour costs, energy-saving reduction requirements, industrial upgrading towards automation, intelligent development, etc.
High-end manufacturing industries have developed, and policies have frequently been introduced to encourage rapid industrial development. The Chinese Manufacturing 2025, the Twilight Five Digital Economic Development Plan of 2016, etc., were published in 2015 as policy support at the national level. The 14th Five-Year Strategy for Manufacturing Power will automate industry. China's industrial automation market is expected to be more than 28 billion yuan in 2025.
In 2022, the country’s industrial automation market is expected to reach 350 billion yuan. Industrial robotics and digital control machines are the two main products of industrial automation, and according to the China Robotic Industry Development Report (2022), prepared by the Chinese Electronics Institute, the global robotics market is expected to take place in 2022.
The model will reach US$ 51.3 billion, and China’s robotic market will reach US$ 17.4 billion, with an average annual growth rate of 22% over five years. According to China Commercial Intelligence Network data, the country’s digitally controlled machine-bed market is expected to reach 29.5 billion yuan in 2022.
Figure 6: China ' s smart manufacturing equipment market size statistics 2017-2023
Domestic industrial automation has yet to be improved, and there is a wide range of alternatives to domestic production. Our industrial automation industry started late, with a large gap in the reliability of products at an early stage with foreign firms. According to the International Union of Robotics, in 2020 the country had 246 industrial robots per 10,000 people, with a penetration rate of about 2.46%, which is lower than in Korea, Singapore, Japan, Germany, Sweden, the United States, etc.
According to the National Bureau of Statistics, the rate of new metal cutting machines in China was only 45% in 2021. The China Manufacturing 2025 strategic plan clearly states: “The rate of critical process number control in China will increase from 33% to 64% in 2025, and there is still much room for improvement.
In the field of industrial robots and digital machines, overseas firms still dominate the market. Germany, Japan, holds the main market share of industrial robots, the top ten sophisticated machine-bed companies worldwide were overseas in 2021, according to Sadie's consultants, and Japan has strong technical barriers to research and development of key components of industrial robots (facilators, servers, etc.). German industrial robots have one in raw materials, their own parts, and systems integration.
Industrial control is based on technology such as electronics, instrumentation and information communication, which detects and controls industrial production processes, their mechanical and technological equipment, and thus improves productivity and precision consistency.
The main ones are microchips such as mcu, mosfet, norflash, pwm. The main applications of integrated circuits in the field of industrial control equipment are instrumentation, system control, electrical control, sensors, industrial control, etc., which include industrial robots, transformers, sensors, industrial control systems, etc., in which industrial integrated circuits produce mcu, embedded storage chips, mos logical devices and electrical circuits.
Table 3: The main chips in the field of industrial control have high performance requirements, low ecological barriers, and significant core advantages. The chips are generally classified into four broad categories according to temperature adaptability and reliability requirements:
Levels of commerce (0°C-70°C), industry (-40°C-85°C), vehicle regulation (-40°C-120°C), military engineering (-55°C-150°C). Industrial chips have high requirements, high custom requirements, and multiple special processes because of the special characteristics of the application domain. In terms of high requirements, industrial products are permanently in a very high/low temperature, high humidity, high salt fog and electromagnetic radiation environment, and therefore the use of industrial chips must be more stringent.
High safety and long-service industrial-grade chips require higher performance conditions, such as temperature and safety, due to the specificities of the operating scene. In terms of high customization demand, industrial chips are often diverse, small in size but with high value added, requiring close integration of research and development and application, and the application of innovation and technological innovation is as important as the application of solutions to the application landscape.
Industrial chip performance varies widely. With a number of special processes, such as bcd (biploar, cos, dmos), high frequency areas, sige (silicon) and gaas, many of which can be found better on self-built lines, customisation processes and seals are often required, and the meter is combined with process depth to meet specific industrial application needs. And industrial chips are generally applied in vertical or disaggregated areas, as compared to industrial applications.
Common market eco-barriers are smaller, and dragon cores are autonomous in the development of almost all of the pips, as well as ecologicalization based on autonomous command systems, custom-made, multi-purpose chips for specific areas, industrial export solutions, market competitiveness of products and dilution of ecological disadvantages, with significant advantages in the area of industrial control.
According to qyresearch data, high-end markets in domestic industrial chips are still occupied for a long time by major international corporations in Europe and America, with less than 10% of the chips in key industrial areas, such as electricity, orbital transport. High-end industries compute microchips such as fpga, high-precision data converter adc, multi-phase and efficient power source management chips, communication radio frequency, etc.
The country’s industrial chip market is still at a high rate of growth, with the global industrial chip market projected to reach $20,620 million in 2027 and 8.46% globally in 2021, according to qyr statistics and projections. As can be seen, on the one hand, the industrial chip market is growing faster, the market space is larger, and on the other hand, the domestic production rate is low, the industry itself has an opportunity to replace the national production with the national production chip.
Figure 10: Global industrial chip market sales and growth rates, 2016-2027
cpu provides industrial control-grade chips, which can be used for wide temperature, high reliability, etc., and which have a rich interface, low power and ecological abundance. The core processor has been used in the digital transformation of the enterprise, and the products based on the core processor, rtu, industrial margins, plc, dcs controls, industrial core controls, industrial robotics, digital control beds, etc. have been used in the fields of industrial control, energy, railing, water, etc.
Figure 11: Dragon-based industrial control equipment Figure 12: Dragon-core applications in the energy sector
3.2 The general domain is driven by a drive to create a fully autonomous ecological domain, with a degree of autonomy and national leadership. At present, the national cpu structure can be divided into three broad categories: the first group, which is based on fly-to-tung and China as national production chips, representing the authorization based on the arm command set. Arm has three main levels of authorization: the use of hierarchical authorization, the inner nuclear layer.
Levels of authorization and structural/directional hierarchy, with the highest level of command hierarchy, where enterprises can adapt the arm set of instructions to a self-design processor, which has now received permanent authorization for armv8; category II, the la command set structure and year, which is represented by the core core, which mainly sells products based on the mips command system, was launched after 2020 with an autonomous command set system, loongarch (Longanch)
The Loongarch Directive System, which, through an intellectual property assessment by the Chinese Institute for the Development of the Electronic Information Industry, an authoritative third-party body in the country, has identified the Loongarch Directive System as a different command system from Alpha, Arm, Mips, Power, risc-v, x86, and is currently capable of autonomously developing almost all of the pips; and the third category, the authorization of x86 (permit only at the inner nuclear level), which is represented by sea light, magnified core, is not available.
While the cpu market, which currently supports loongarch, has a low level of ownership and is in the initial stages of the process and faces extremely high ecological barriers, companies have achieved a high degree of autonomous innovation in core technical areas such as operating systems and basic software, starting with autonomy, improved product performance and ecology.
Figure 13: The Dragon-Royd Self-Designation System, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
Compatibility with different command set systems and active development of autonomous ecology. The current mainstream command set structure in the general market still x 86 and arm structures, so the application of the mainstream command set is a work that is required before the core is perfected. The company is now moving steadily at the pace of 3+10+x. The "3" application (i.e., current communication applications, office software, etc.) carries out a round of optimized performance to a good level of use, based on a well-functioning function; the "x" representative
Broader x86 platform applications. To address compatibility, companies do the Loongson application frame, which encompasses the basic framework lbf, compatible framework lcf, development framework ldf, core x 86 architecture translation system lax, and corerarm architecture translation system, lata. The basic framework lbf regulates hardware compatibility, inter-hardware compatibility of operating systems through a unified system architecture; compatibility framework lcf
To address the shortcomings of the dissemination of the Linux platform software and to achieve compatibility of the applications of the different branches and versions of the Linux system; to run anrm/android on the core platform through efficient binary translation; to develop the framework ldf to form an autonomous programming language and programming framework for the development of applications by users on the platform; and to develop an autonomous base application for user use, including i-compatible browsers, core printing engines, dragons
The core.net environment, the dragon core Java environment, the dragon core audio video library, the core control center, and so on. Figure 14: Loongarch has originally supported the development of the linux mainstream application environment.
In 2020, China imported 140 billion processors and controllers, amounting to $17.6 billion, maintaining a trend of growth over the previous five years. The demand for cpu markets in the desktops and servers sector is high, but the domestic production rate is relatively small and the future replacement space is large. Overdependence on imports at the bottom has become a weakness in the development of the country’s information industry, and the government has paid attention to this.
In 2020, the State Council issued Policies for the Promotion of Quality Development in the Integrated Circuit Industry and Software Industry in the New Period, which stated that China’s self-sufficiency rate of chips was 70% by 2025. At present, the country’s production of cpu is composed of six major companies, namely, Dragon Core Central, Schinway, Heath, Wirtschaftsprüfer Information, Sealight Information, and Shanghai Elephants.
For example, the autonomous command system, loongarch, has been launched to build a complete, autonomous ecological system that will lay the foundation for further nationalization. National cpu producers face two opportunities: on the one hand, the process of replacing national production is expanding from the party sector to a more spatially important industry, and on the other hand, the need for intelligence and digitization will increase cpu’s overall demand.
In these two areas, the cpu market is dominated by overseas manufacturers, and although the credit creation process has contributed to the development of the country’s cpu industry in recent years, the overall market is still low, and there is still much room for substitution in the future. Moreover, by client category, the cpu downstream area includes the Party military, the industry and the consumer markets, and the current party coup d’état of 2022 is in its final stages, with initial validation of the availability of the country’s cpu and the dragon core as a national product.
One of the leading firms, with a high level of recognition of about 30% of the party market, is now expanding to key sectors, where demand is greater, value is higher, and the overall market space is wider. In addition, smartness and digital trends are increasing demand, and the cpu market is expected to expand in the future. In 2022, the 14th Five-Year Digital Economic Development Plan was launched at the top of its design, bringing the digital economy into play for the first time.
The digital economy is divided into two main dimensions: industrial digitization and digital industrialization, which, in view of the current stage of development and the direct impact of the digital economy on productivity, will be the backbone of the development of traditional industries during the 14th-five-year period, with cloud computing representing the bottom of the scale[7]
According to idc, servers account for the largest share of hardware costs associated with cloud platform construction, reaching about 75%. With the acceleration of new scenarios such as commercialization of 5g, physical networking, smart cars, the demand for big data operation and storage will grow rapidly, building requirements such as superbing data centres will be built, the subjects concerned are expected to start a new round of equipment acquisition programmes, and the overall spatial expansion of servers in China is clear.
Figure 13: Distribution of hardware costs for cloud platform construction, source of financial and intellectual growth in the East, Dragon kernel (688047): national cpu ecological builder, industrial control, common domain
4. Performance grew steadily, with a reasonable increase in the 4.1 battalion harvest and improved profitability. Billion dollars, four years old, with growth of 10.99 per cent and 229.82 per cent, respectively, compared to the previous years. Business income growth slowed in 2021, mainly in comparison with the previous few years.
On the one hand, the party’s political-fiscal revolution has been largely completed, the industry’s innovation has just begun, and in 2022 it was in two phases of the project’s transition, and the 2022 epidemic has been repeated, and it is expected that the company’s revenues and net profits will return to positive growth in 2023. Control and communication systems in the infrastructure sector, benefiting from the advantages of policy and the associated industrial environment, have remained the largest share of company revenues in recent years.
. With the launch of the 3a5,000 series of products, support for virtualization, security mechanisms, etc., has been enhanced to meet current critical information infrastructure application needs, with the ratio of sales of IT chips to sales of 45.98 per cent, 66.37 per cent and 45.40 per cent respectively, making a significant contribution to the company ' s main business.
The expansion of the information-based market has resulted in a significant increase in the sales of the low Maori core core number 3 series, and a relative decrease in the high Maori ratio of the industrial control chip, resulting in an overall decline in the Māori rate in 2020. By product, the Māori rate of industrial control and instrument chips has been up and down, at 51.45 per cent, exceeding the declining trend of the information-chemical chip.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the 4.2 product, continues to grow, and sales of corporate industrial chip sales continue to rise, with average unit prices declining each year as product structure changes.
Primarily, some of the products of the Lochi 2 series are more environmentally demanding for their applications, requiring a certain level of process and higher testing requirements, and therefore their sales unit cost is higher than the average of the industrial-controlled chips from 2018 to 2019. At the same time, because of the high demand for their applications, the scope of application is limited, leading to lower sales in the prior period. In 2020-2021, the use of the Lochi 1 series in the work-control chip was enriched and widely applied.
The sales volume of the company's information-based chip sales and changes in unit prices are mainly related to product rotations. Sales tend to decline after the first increase, and unit prices are stable.
In 2017-2018, the core 3a3,000 and 3b3,000 series of chip products were rolled out, with higher unit prices and a greater gap with the market mainstream and lower sales. With the rollout of the 3a4,000 series of chip products in 2019, product productivity was further enhanced, the price of the 3a3,000 series fell, while the 3a4,000 series of products lowered average sales in order to further develop the area of e-government, which is becoming more mature and fast growing.
The sale of unit prices has also reduced the average price of an information chip. In 2020, the company expanded its office and business information applications, and the sale of an information chip increased significantly. In 2021, the company introduced the 3a5,000 series using the Loongarch command system, which combined the entire plant and the operating system manufacturer when needed, resulting in a decrease in sales compared to 2020.
The price of the information-based chip continues to decline, and the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom and the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom continues to grow.
5. Performance forecasting and valuation analysis Industrial and regulatory markets: high demand for chip performance, slow product rotation, low ecological barriers and high demand for customization in the industrial and regulatory markets, higher self-control requirements in key sectors (e.g. energy, transport, telecommunications, etc.) and full autonomy of firms in command-and-order framework la structures, which can be developed on the one hand.
In all cases, there is a high degree of autonomy; on the other hand, companies have a high degree of customization, ecological capacity-building, and although ecology is weak in the common domain, they can largely meet the demands of the industrial market because of the small ecological barriers in the industrial market. Adding to future trends in industrial market intelligence, the public sector is faced with greater opportunities, and the business is expected to grow at a high rate.
Information markets: In terms of the company’s business layout, the company’s previous efforts to improve its mononuclear performance, through design optimization rather than reliance on offshore processes, have also started to produce, and are expected to begin to do so next year. In terms of the company’s business expansion, the current party-based innovation project has been largely completed and gradually expanded to industry-based innovation, with the company’s previous products being used mainly on desktop servers, with the introduction of new product server chips, which are expected to expand in the future.
To the server market. In combination, the expansion of corporate operations is expected to extend from the political sphere to industrial innovation, and the product dimension from the desktop area to the service provider area, but given that 2022 is a two-phase project transition period, the related revenues and profits have declined, with industry innovation in 2023 The solution market: the corporate solution market is highly correlated with downstream customer information-building needs, national production substitution needs, etc.
The areas covered are broad and are broadly consistent with the average growth in industry, with a projected rate of 10 per cent for 2022-2024 for the solution category, corporate profitability projections and investment ratings, respectively: the company, as the leader of the national product cpu, is committed to national cpu eco-building, while at the same time focusing on industrial controls and generic areas, looking at the opportunities for companies to develop in the light of future trends in national production substitution and rising demand for arithmetic, and we expect a net gain for companies in 2022-2024.
The source of financial and intellectual growth in the East, where product development and expansion are less than expected, ecological construction less than expected, and industry innovation less than expected.
Dragon kernel Central (688047): National Cpu Eco-builder, industrial control, common domain, the source of Eastern wealth, the source of Eastern wealth, the source of Eastern wisdom.
East Hing Securities Insight Report, Dragon kernel (688047): National Cpu Eco-builder, Industrial Control, General Fields, Research Assistant Profile
Jang Youngja, Research Assistant in the Computer Industry, Master of Finance, University of Foreign Economics and Trade, 2021, joined the Eung Xing Securities. In 2021, the Quantico Quantico Quantico was the researcher's opinion. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, nor will it be, specifically recommended in this report or recommended in the future.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice involved. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and the authors of the report, to the extent they know, are not legally prohibited from evaluating or recommending the securities or investment subject matter of this report.
If permitted by law, my company and the associated institutions to which it belongs may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.