Prior to the implementation of the plan, the Constellation Group held about 561 million shares in the company, which were held by the public and represented the public, the 2025 Development Conference on the theme of "Wanting the Future for Good", which summarized the company's development results in 2024 and published them.
Recapitulation 2024: Precipitous in-house farming, accelerated out-of-town expansion. Corporate markets continue to contract, 24q1 \triangleright.
(b) Wang Xinhai maintained growth, with the dominant markets of Nanjing, Huaiyan, Salt City, Xu State remaining on a high base and under high occupation.
Growth and further expansion of the advantage; regional brands such as the states of Central Asia, Tetang, South China, and South Sudan can be upgraded, with sufficient dynamic growth. Foreign markets are starting to attack the city, q1-3 and +32.73%, focus on the national identity, Hu Hyemin
In the provinces of Anhui and Shandong, sales rose by 200 million standards, and the number of local municipalities rose by more than 10 million. The product ends v6, V3, IV, tangled, single, lightly, and so on were all growing at a higher rate. At the same time, the corporate product matrix was upgraded: the fifth generation has been rejuvenated.
Vision 2025: Classification policy, differential input. Brand end, following "Multi-brand, Single Focus, National \triangleright"
On the scene, the state focuses on high-end business dinners, the world focuses on day-to-day drinks and celebrations, and the high ravine displays focus on small gatherings, gathering and gathering. At the end of the product, anchoring the "1152" project, highlighting the fight.
In the year 2024, the world of the world (603369.sh) reported: "Creating the core of the monolithic goods.
Producing and promoting v9 and v6, with Suzhou driving the Sunan, the Long-Range Triangle; National 2049 as a strategic high-end, year-on-year review: the next 10 billion productive energies, expanding the path clear, a single product for the 10-year breeding programme, and the present-day treasure of the world in synergy with the nation at the point of colour, local strength, single scene
Clarity - 2024/04/30 is the focus; high trenches deepen the North Subei “small area, high-occupancy” regional focus strategy.
Regional, channel grid-based redevelopment, construction of a matrix of “Stamp County - Model Town - Model Shop” outside the province; development of an implementation programme for the “Standard 4” market, divided into 10 market segments, 8 model markets, 21 potentials, 5. The world's horizons (603369.sh) will be evaluated in three quarters in 2023:
Markets, 20 opportunity markets. At the same time, “new retailing” and creative product development expands the incremental market. At the end of marketing, increasing market performance, developing a relatively consistent price system, and a relatively reasonable profit system.
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.