Research assistant in Si Jin: The company recently held its first interim shareholders' conference in 2024, after which it analysed market concerns such as business objectives, product layout, development planning in the provinces and beyond.
In 2024, under external environmental influence, the sales were under pressure and demand for the Mid-Autumn Day was low. With a combination of policy punches in late September, demand was at its worst or had passed, and consumption was expected to return to marginal warming, and companies would do so in this window.
Better to maintain price board stability and channel health. The company has developed a clear approach in recent years, leading some regions in size, leading the way to more regions in size and structure, and successfully pushing the provincial base through resource focus and targeted breakthroughs.
It has been proven that the shift in share is expected to continue in the future.
The cost will be put down, the price will be stabilized, and the future will continue to be drawn from the rainbow, capturing the 400-500-plus price demand; and the volume of the products of the open system, the yarn system, and the present-day part of the world will also be raised. And the 100-500-bit product will continue to grow unevenly in the province, and will go online.
Through continuous development and promotion, the v3 channel has been very effective, and the v9 high-end image has gradually gained a place to look forward to a qualitative change in time accumulation. (2) The provincial model market is on track: the company has built the model market around the surrounding provinces of Shandong, Henan, Anhui, Zhejiang, etc., giving priority to the layout.
"The End of the World" (603369): "The Tri-quarters of 2024: "The Kingdom opened, the Kingdom opened, the Integration led the turn-up, and the Top Six."
The next step is to raise the focus cities to tens of millions or more of markets. The Constellation of the World (603369), the 2024h1 performance rating, and the structure, which creates three one divisions for more sophisticated and targeted multi-brand operations, matching the funds.
In the future, the company will be able to adapt its organizational structure to the multi-brand strategy.
The system has been set up, the office has sunk to the county level, and the follow-up company will further upgrade its sales team to enhance team strength and competitiveness.
With a core b-end, large-customer strategy to strengthen linkages and nurture more consumer groups.  Profit predictions and investment ratings: considering that industry will move to the bank in 2025, we, Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of China’s Securities Supervisory Board, are already qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.