Three-quarter reviews in 2024: rational slowdown, rapid advance, research assistant Quixiang Qui incident: 24o3 financial statements issued by the company, yielding revenues of $9.94 billion in the previous three quarters, an increase of 18.9 per cent;
The net return to the mother was $3.09 billion, an increase of 17.1 per cent, resulting in an income of $2.64 billion, an increase of 10.1 per cent, and a net gain of $620 million, an increase of 6.6 per cent, q3 income was reduced by the company ' s proper control of the goods, while the increase in the discounts also had an impact on income.
q3 decelerations keep the channels good and the multi-priced are balanced. 24q3 alcohol revenues now amount to $2.63 billion, i.e. +10.3 per cent, accompanied by a slowdown in sales, channeling to the bank, and mid-tsiu Wangqian companies are well placed to regulate the pace of return and delivery. 1) For product sub-products, 24q3 ta+, ta product income.
In this case, v has been continuously developed on a small scale, along with the effective landing of the provincial branding and consumption-growing saturated inputs, and v3 has been consolidated. The price system has been largely transformed, with prices stable at around $410.
The price of demand has moved downwards, and the price has increased steadily. Lai Yajaki plans to move forward, with more channels being built and networked, and is now on track in more parts of the province, with a rapid increase in the share of 100+ bits. 2) Sub-areas, 24q3 has a cumulative income of +17.7% per year, in each region.
Market growth has been relatively balanced, with Sioux Central and Salt City maintaining an upswing trend. 24q3 Provinces followed by a continuation of the model market opening, with cumulative revenues under the low base at the same time as +32.7 per cent. q3 harvests slowed down, and discounts and structural fluctuations led to lower gross sales performance.) On the spot, q3 seasons.
At the same time, the main costs are being adjusted, while the promotions are receiving revenue, the sales are growing steadily, and the multi-priced share of the province is opening up.
Quarterly reviews: The momentum is positive, the path to internal expansion is strong, the price of the main monolith is still strong, and successfully leads up and down to the development of v and Arsenal, a positive shift in demand for most of the incremental amounts in the province.
Guaranteeing profit margins for high-value product channels, on the other hand, by consolidating end-of-c shares through such initiatives as sales bindings, cost precision, and placement, marketing has worked significantly better than other competitions in the province.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: The company’s share of the city and city has steadily increased, and the market outside the province is clear. In view of the weakness of short-term demand, we have slightly adjusted the net return profit for 2024-2026 to split the current net profit from the world at 24q1 – q3 at the same rate of increase.
Three major financial forecasts for the present world: Toshio Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, has acquired the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business.