Food and beverages for the present, product structure continues to upgrade, and business resilience highlights the Southwest Securities Research and Development Center.
The net return to the mother was $3.09 billion, compared with 17.1 per cent in the previous quarter, and 24q3 earned $2.64 billion, compared with +10.1 per cent in the same quarter: the net return to the mother was $620 million, compared with 6.6 per cent in the same year, and the income was largely in line with market expectations, the structure of the profit was continuously upgraded, and the path of provincial precision + extra-provincial expansion was clear.
a, a, a, b, c+d products generated $1.81 billion (+11.7%), $650 million (+9.6%) and medium- and high-end products increased their earnings by 0.9 pp to 93.3% over the same year, keeping up the lead.
In October, the company released high-end new products with a pre-disposition of a 1,000-dollar price belt, opening up high-end spaces. 2 and sub-regions, 24q3 led to the collection of 2.420 billion yuan (+9.3%) in the provinces of Luan, Nanjing, Sunan, Su-chung, Salt City, Huaihai.
RMB 660 million (+10.1 per cent), RMB 50 million (+8.1 per cent), RMB 40 million (+8.2 per cent), RMB 3.6 Sub-district farming, Liao An, Nanjing Regional Basics, Central Sudan Regional Growth, and South Sudan Regional Union Long-Range Triangular Integration Strategy break-out potential were gradually released. RMB 800 million out of 24q3
(+32.7%) External market focus brands, expanding the group of buyers and distributors around the Jiangsu model city. Quality discounts confirm a decline in Māori rates and re-pacing effects on cash flow performance. Māori ratio of 1 and 24q3 companies to the external sales environment, the company adjusts the recovery rate, the amount of advance receipts is recognized during the period, and sales are increased during the period
High-end convergence has been accompanied by nationalization, growth and growth space. 1. The company’s nationalism series adheres to the branding of “China’s new generation of high-end white wine,” with high-profile branding and high-level branding.
In the context of suppressive growth, which is driven by the high power of national brands, monoliths such as lightly and monolithic are gradually gaining momentum in the $100-300 expansionary price belt and are still growing upwards.2 Intra-provincial progress is continuing, with new breakthroughs taking place in the Su Central and South Sudan regions, breaking the development ceiling and expanding.
Long space, with combined growth continuing. 3. Continue to insist on “breathing the city out of the province”, initiate the “rebuilding Jiangsu” project, focus on 10+n priority markets such as Shandong/Anhui/Long Triangle/Henan, identify 3 billion strategic inputs for three years, and effectively implement the perimeterization and blockization initiatives.
In the interest of the overall competitive advantage and nationalization of the province, there is a strong level of certainty of performance. Therefore, the company was given the year 2025. 2. Today's date (603369): A breakthrough outside the province of precision farming, with a clear new 10 billion path (2024-07-15).
3. The present-day horizon (603369): The goal of 10 billion has been achieved, and the new 10 billion is a smooth start (2024-05-09).
At 400-500 bits in the province, the country has a strong competitive advantage, and the company has set up a market outreach strategy with an out-of-country focus on the country, and the growth space continues to expand; the high increase in the country v3 and 4 will lead to a double increase in the volume of ta+ products, and the dividends of value market expansion and brand concentration; in addition, the company is actively developing a core single product of the world ' s 20th.
Assumption 3: The company will continue to push for the launch of the world's endurance brand, open up the high ravine brand, and hopefully drive the company to produce less than $100. For comparable companies, we use the Guai Goon, the Old White Wine as a comparable company.
In addition, the company makes a reasonable trade-off between regions and products outside the province, with a greater focus on core markets and core products, and the opening of out-of-country markets will be more robust and robust.
The elasticity of performance will continue to be released during the breakout period of the upgrade and nationalization, accompanied by an increase in the Māori rate and a reduction in the cost rate. No one will receive any form of compensation either directly or indirectly for, or not for, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.