On December 29, 2024, a conference on development in 2025 was held; 2024
Sunss@cfsc.com.cn December 30, published an increase in shareholders' holdings.
On the product side, the corporate clear product matrix: 1) strategic core products include national v3, Quadrix, tangled and lightly developed products, with a strengthening of the four-way, 10 billion singles, and a provincial focus on v3, reinforcing the low-quality price ratio; 2) leading the cultivation
Products include the national v9/v6, 2049, the present-day collection, the high-trenched specimens, and the development of different strategies; 3) tactical co-productions include the new k family, the present-day planet series, which connects the core products of the strategy.
The system of marketing control is being built. 1) Optimizing the system of policy, giving priority to order control, promoting quantitative balance and safeguarding profit from channels. 2) Strengthening of the workforce, building of the iron and steel marketing force, construction of a rating mechanism for distributors, and improvement of the end-star partnership mechanism.
On the inside, the company plans to build a new three-dimensional matrix of the "Standard County One-Standard Model" channel through a regional, channel-based grid.
The goal is to create a multi-million dollar market, a multi-million-dollar town, and a million-million-dollar shop. On the outside side of the province, the company will make a step-by-step breakthrough in terms of budget security, specific empowerment, and organization of the market, which is divided into 59 “class-four” markets.
According to the announcement, the controlling shareholders of the company intend to increase their shares of the company by the present-day conglomerate, in accordance with a reasonable judgement on the value of the company's shares and market fluctuations.
And we're looking at companies that, after billions of dollars, continue to push at products and channels, predicting downside risks in public and macroeconomics, growth below expectations, growth in the v series below expectations and expansion beyond expectations.
Presentation by the Food and Beverage Group: Sunshan Mountain: Master of Economics, six years of research experience in food and beverage sellers, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry, focus on the drink plate, in-depth study of the white wine industry, etc.
The basics of the shares, seeking medium- and long-term equity opportunities, are good at capturing short- and medium-term potential; they think hard about white wine, and they have deep market-based thinking and insight into Sou wine, which is sub-high-end white wine and soft drinks.
I do not receive any form of compensation either directly or indirectly for, or because of, the specific suggestions or opinions in this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the projection of a stock or industry index vis-à-vis the main indicators of the relevant securities market illustrates that: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes: a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreed transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer)
The Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
Yes, but without any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information. We have tried to report its contents objectively and impartially, but the information and views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, which do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financials, and the persons to whom this report is based.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.