In 2023, the net profit was reduced by $240 million (+62.96 per cent) and the net profit grew at a high rate.
In 2023, the big model and the generation of the imitation of artificial intelligence triggered a boom in the arithmetic market. According to the latest data released by gartner, idc, companies ranked second in the global server market, in the middle.
The country’s server market ranks first; it ranks third in the global storage market, first in China’s storage market; and it ranks first in China’s liquid cold server market. Companies constantly break through and upgrade their core competitiveness in hardware, arithmetic, arithmetic, etc.
Continuous innovation and technological breakthroughs at the hardware, arithmetic and algorithmic levels have significantly enhanced the competitiveness of core products: 1) hardware: companies officially publish the Teethnet exchange — x 400, which is the basis for the country's headline exchange on the Nvidiaspectrum-x platform, with the highest volume of vomiting in industry
(ii) Software aspects: companies have published a large corporate model development platform, “Meta-thinking”, which provides an efficient, user-friendly and secure end-to-end development platform for large enterprise model applications, a series of tools such as data preparation, model training, knowledge retrieval, etc.; 3) numeracy aspects: 2023, companies published a completely new I
Generation g7 A1 training server nf5688g7 for the company's new generation of integration architecture, almost seven times higher than the previous generation's actual measurement performance; 4) algorithmal aspects: in 2023, the company released its latest large “source 2.0” model, performing excellent programming, reasoning, logic, etc.
We use the pe relative valuation method, which allows us to select comparable shares of the same industry, compared to the average of 28.3 times the average for 24 years. Considering the increased demand for servers and their components for artificial intelligence development, and the public sector, we can compare the average of 28.3 times the average for 24 years.
Wave information is a global leader of the IT infrastructure product, program and service provider, established in 1998 and provides a comprehensive digital solution that includes cloud computing, big data, artificial intelligence, and margin computing in three key areas: business coverage computing, storage, network computing.
In 2023-2024, companies made breakthroughs in computing, algorithms, hardware, software, etc., such as a full upgrade of the "metabrain" brand, covering all computing products, focusing on artificial intelligence, cloud computing, big data, etc.
. On the specific product side, companies at the Congress publish a series of new computing smart products, such as a big business model development platform, ePai “Meta Brains and Brains”, and co-published with Intel a general one server, nf8260g7, flexible to meet corporate-level modelling and common numeracy needs.
The company has 8 research and development centres, 14 production bases, and 50 business branches, and through a well-developed server, soft and hardware research and development system, it has developed a series of cloud computing laas products with autonomous intellectual property rights covering all types of servers at the lower end of high school. In the fields of ai computing, open computing, and green computing, wave information is a global leader.
Leading in the development of i-industrialization, industrial aiization, and intelligence-based new infrastructure. The company was granted more than 300 L-cold core patents, incorporating “aiiin-cold” into its corporate strategy, a full-line service provider supported L-cold, and built the largest L-CDC production base in Asia, with industry leading liquids.
The company is actively involved in open computing innovation, promoting the open integration of global computing ecology, implementing the concept of green sustainable development, improving the energy use of data centres, reducing carbon emissions, accelerating the convergence of numbers, and promoting intelligent computing.
The details of the company ' s products are shown in the table below.
Data centre infrastructure: data centre solution, data centre product series; server management Platform: infrastructure management platform, server tubes
The Wave Group is China’s leading cloud computing, big data service provider, and a strong economic and social digital transformation. The Wave Electronic Information Industry has limited shares.
One of the three main affiliates of the Wave Group, Wave Group Limited, directly holding 31.93% of the company’s shares, is the company’s first-largest shareholder. At the same time, the Shandong State Finance Committee, through the Shandong State, invests 48.51% of its shares in the Wave Group.
Figure 3: Company operating income and rate of increase for the single season (in billions of yuan, per cent) Figure 7: Changes in the company ' s three cost ratios (management costs, including R & D costs) Increase in net profit cash content and current asset liquidity remain stable.
1) Servers and components operations: The business is the absolute core of corporate revenue, which is maintained at more than 95% per year, well above other business revenues. The company has a common server, a high-density server, a whole-of-the-box service server, and an i server, which is expected to be new as the artificial intelligence market evolves.
Growth period. We expect a growth rate of revenue from the company ' s server and component operations in 2024-2026 to be 2) the end and bulkware operations: the business accounts for a smaller share of the company ' s revenue, mainly in addition to the company ' s operating income, but the business is expected to grow faster as the company ' s size and business expands. We expect it to grow faster.
Cost rates for the period: Informational operations such as company-owned servers and components, sales costs and R & D costs as a proportion of business income. Despite fluctuations in corporate operating income in recent years, R & D and sales costs R & D cost rates: taking into account the company's continued stability of R & D inputs in the future, and the company's development of new products
Taking into account the industry and business model of the company, we have selected the shares of the Central Light and the Purple as comparable companies. China Light: Dawn Information Industries Ltd. (i.e. China Light) is the lead company for our core information base facilities.
Computers; 3) liquid cold infrastructure; 4) storage products; 5) cloud computing services, etc. Purples: Purples Inc. is the main information electronics industry, bringing together whole-chain service providers for R & D, construction, operation, maintenance. Currently, the core business of Purples includes: 1) smart networks.
Equipment, storage systems, full series of servers; 2) application software solutions from desktop to mobile end; 3) technical advice, infrastructure solutions and support services. Purple shares are currently actively layout global clouds 29/25/23 times. We use p-relative valuation methods to select middle-light and purple-light shares from comparable companies in the industry.
As a company with comparable wave information, a 24-year average of 28.3 times that of a company. Given the increased demand for servers and their components for artificial intelligence development, and the continued investment of company operations in research and development of related products. For the first time, I have this valuation based on relevant assumptions, particularly the calculation of free cash flows for companies over the next few years.
The selection of comparable company valuation parameters, incorporating many individual judgements, leads to the risk of a deviation in the valuation, specifically high cash flow calculations, leading to an optimistic valuation. In contrast to valuation, we have selected comparative valuation indicators such as middle light and purple light, which are close to or identical to the Division’s business, and comparable fairs.
Market risks associated with the volatility of the macroeconomic situation: The performance of the server sector is closely linked to the overall macroeconomic development of the country, and the company’s product sales, performance, financial situation, and development prospects are more closely related to macroeconomics. If global economic growth continues to slow in the future, or if there is a sharp short-term volatility in our macroeconomics, the country’s economy will continue to suffer.
It may affect downstream demand in the server sector, which will slow the growth of demand in the server market, thus exposing companies to the risk of falling business performance, with some negative impact on the company’s business development. Market competition risks: the server industry in which the company is located is a knowledge-intensive and capital-intensive combination.
Market concentration is high with high entry barriers, with only a few manufacturers globally mastering the relevant technologies and forming the scale of production. Currently, the company’s server operations are being conducted mainly in the face of competition from well-known domestic and foreign firms.
Large fluctuations in exchange rates will have a direct impact on the company’s export-import operations. The risk of rising human costs: research and development, production, marketing and after-sales services for the company’s main products are labour-intensive.
As our national economy continues to grow, the overall level of income of our workers is rising, and the average annual wage level is rising steadily. Supply chain risks: part of the raw materials in the domestic server industry still needs to be imported, although the supply is currently relatively stable.
In the context of increased friction in international trade and increasing geopolitical complexity, our server producers will be exposed to some of the risks associated with the supply of raw materials. The main raw materials of the company’s server products are cpu, hard disk, memory, etc., and are subject to the long-term ecological impact of the industry’s supply chain, with a greater concentration of suppliers of the major raw materials needed for server production.
High, the company’s operations will be affected by major changes in major raw-material manufacturers. Innovative risks of technological upgrading: In the context of the trend towards further accelerating the development of information technology, the server industry in which the company is located is more responsive to the speed of research and development of products, supply efficiency, and the speed of service delivery of supporting technologies.
Without a breakthrough in technological R & D and the timely upgrading of technology, the development of new products with autonomous intellectual property rights, or technology R & D that do not better meet market demand, firms may be less competitive and thus have a customer risk Management risk: in recent years, as the size of the company's business continues to grow and the number of subsidiaries grows, it is possible to develop new products with autonomous intellectual property rights.
There are higher requirements in the areas of camp management, financial planning, internal controls and human resource allocation, and legal risks: as data security and privacy protection awareness improves, companies need to ensure that their products and services conform to relevant laws and regulations, avoid being sanctioned or losing customer trust for issues such as data disclosure.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject