Wave Information (000977.sz) Theme II: Soft, 28 May 2024 Building Protector Rivers for Long-term Development
From the point of view of the Wave Infoi server sales channel, the topic is to deconstruct wave information at the server channel end. Wave information is a global leader in the construction of t infrastructure products. We believe that wave information continues to expand distribution channels and upgrade sales patterns.
Programs and service providers, business coverage computing, storage, ex-soft and hardware integration channel ecological protection of the one server-related operations, are the top three key areas of the corporate business model, providing cloud computing, big data, etc.
Full-scale digitization of artificial intelligence, margin computing, etc., as a domestic head server brander, corporate product sales channels are well established and stable.
The system follows the 2b hardware product channel practice, establishing a value distribution channel, with a distribution pattern divided into direct sales and distribution of major events for the next three to six months:
• Development of value-added channels and a soft and hard integration 2b distribution system.
In 2017, companies began building value-added channels, working with independent software developers and system integrators.
Exploring new applications, expanding regional non-financial markets, and building solutions for industry’s combined hardware and software. The value-added channel has expanded to date, with more than 2,000 corporate industry partners, covering more than 90 top 100 firms, becoming an important part of the company’s marketing system.
The value-added channel has been upgraded to meta-cerebral ecology with the help of the i-server east wind. In 2017-2019, the company ' s soft and hard circulation b/h (millions of shares) physicalized 2b marketing system was in its 1.0 phase, and the company had a "support" relationship with the software manufacturer.
In April 2019, the company officially introduced metabrain at the ipf2019 conference, bringing together the right-hand partner with the ability to develop the technology of the one and the right-hand partner with the distribution channel to provide the industry with end-to-end solutions.
The i era created a business scene for companies to work with software developers, while there are a large number of incremental customers in the market who are more interested in artificial intelligence. The company introduced a “meta-cerebral ecology” that marked the formation of a soft and hard integration 2b marketing system into a fast-growing 2.0 era.
Regional channels are primarily directed at small and medium-sized clients, mainly through distribution and value-added channels, and the sales of server products have a relatively high Māori ratio. From 2021 to 2023, the Regional Model Māori ratio was higher than the overall Māori ratio.
The meta-cerebral ecology of the sales system has emerged as the firm's huge lead under the marketing system over its competitors, and it is expected that the regional model of companies will continue to grow at a faster scale, and that it will pull the corporate gross.
The current global megamodel and generation of artificial intelligence industries are accelerating growth, driving the fast growth of the i-server market.
The annual i server market is projected to be $9.1 billion, an increase of $82.5 per cent over the year, and $13.4 billion in 2027, a five-year complex growth rate of 21.8 per cent. Artificial intelligence is the key development strategy for wave information. Wave information is the world’s leading IT infrastructure product, programme and service provider.
The topic is to analyze the development of wave information at the end of the server channel from the point of view of the Wave Infoi server distribution channel. We believe that the wave message continues to expand the distribution channel and upgrade the marketing model. The company’s current integrated software and hardware channel eco-protects the one server-related operations, which is the largest moat in the public sector business model.
Value distribution channels are mature and stable, and key sales perform well. As a domestic head server brander, the marketing channels for corporate products are mature and stable.
If the company is a distributor and agent in each province, it is responsible for its sales operations in the province.
In 2016-2022, the size of the company’s sales team grew from 1,646 to 2062, the size of the sales team increased steadily, and the number of sales teams improved and decreased in 2023. In terms of key sales performance indicators, the East’s wealth grew.
In 2016-2023, the cash received by companies for sales was consistently higher than the cash received by companies for sales under the direct sales + agency distribution model.
2. Value-added channels have been upgraded to meta-cerebral ecology, providing industry clients with a solution to build a value-added channel and a soft and hard integrated 2b distribution system. The company’s traditional direct sales + agency distribution sales model faces development bottlenecks and is not responsive to server market developments. For example, distribution channels are unable to provide a site solution for customers and the value of customer services is unable to achieve lower sticky levels.
In 2017, the company began building value-added channels by working with independent software developers and system integrators to explore new applications, expand regional non-financial markets, and create solutions for the industry’s soft and hard combinations. Value-added channels have expanded to date, reaching more than 2,000 corporate industry partners, covering more than 90 top 100 firms, and becoming an important part of the company’s marketing system.
Figure 9: Corporate value-added channel marketing systems upgraded to meta-cerebral ecology with the help of the i-server east wind. In 2017-2019, the company's soft and hard integration 2b marketing system was in its 1.0 stage, the division had “support” partnerships with software manufacturers, and unclear rules on the distribution of benefits.
The ipf2019 conference officially introduced metabrain, which brings together left-hand partners with a technological development capability and right-hand partners with distribution channels to provide end-to-end solutions to the industry. The i era created a business scene for companies working with software developers, where there is a large number of customers who are more interested in artificial intelligence.
Figure 10: Value-added channels upgraded to meta-cerebral ecology, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
In April 2024, the company launched its large model development platform, the meta-thinking platform, at the ipf2024 Congress. The epai has three advantages: 1) to support the company's co-published with Intel to provide arithmetic support for large model development; 2) to deploy large models such as Source 2.0, developed by the company itself, to reduce test error costs; 3) to support api, and 3.
Dialogue ui and intelligentness interacts in three ways to match different scenarios and develop accordingly. On the basis of these advantages, epai has been able to significantly reduce the user-client access threshold and help partners to seize the opportunities for large model development.
The number of eco-economy channels has grown from 170 in 2019 to 10,000 in 2023, of which there are more than 1,000 technology developers/integraters and more than 9,000 distribution channels.
At present, the meta-cerebral ecology has brought together the ai chip, image recognition, natural language processing, intelligent interaction, ai data, etc., the i-tech manufacturer with finance, transportation, medical, scientific research, energy, commerce, water, communications.
For example, 1) in the field of ai chips, the cold martial law has brought a more diverse chip structure to the brain; 2) in the field of scientific research, to work together on technology and WFE technology to build the West Lake University Ideas Platform; 3) in the field of medical care, to work together with the Ancients to build an aided care system; 4) in the field of transport, to work with the Louis Clouds to develop leading intelligent transport solutions; 5) in the area of transport, and 5) in the area of gold.
In the area of integration, arithmetic support was provided to the Colybon financial privacy computing platform; 6) in the area of large models, the Institute of Joint Ideas developed a one-stop model tool based on the localization of the alstatization platform.
3. The eco-facilitating distribution channels of meta-cerebral energy are expected to drive the increase in the Māori rate over the long term The server market is characterized by large customers and small singles. Given the large number of servers purchased by head customers, the company ' s top five clients have a higher share of total sales. On the other hand, the server is a necessary productivity tool in the IT industry and in the digital transformation industry, and the industry is large.
According to the company’s manufacturing sector, more than 80% of the 1.3 million servers produced at the same time and in the same batch each year are under five, with a large number of individualized orders containing more than 200 products and 115,000 configurations.
The station, which is able to efficiently perform distribution channels online, is able to match customers’ needs with those of the ai technology manufacturer: distribution channels can publish the demand for a client ' s ai product on the aistore platform, the ai technology manufacturer receives and provides custom services. The meta-ecosystems have reduced the threshold for small and medium-sized customers to purchase aai servers, the regional channels are mainly small and medium-sized customers, the operations are mainly from distribution and value-added channels, and the sales of server products are relatively high.
In 2023, the regional model Māori rate was 6.17-8.92% higher than the overall Māori rate. From 2020 to 2023, it benefited from meta-cerebral ecology, corporate regional channels branding. We believe that meta-cerebral ecology based on a soft and hard integrated marketing system is already in place, is a strong corporate leader in the marketing system, and is expected to support the growth of regional Māori business at a faster pace than its competitors.
Figure 15: Revenue from industry + regional sales patterns 4. Profit forecasting and valuation
al Server sales are not as high as expected, reliance on core equipment dealers, downside domestic real economies, etc. Wave 2 (000977.sz) Topic II: Soft and hard integrated marketing systems are in shape, meta-cerebral ecology is built for long-term development.
The source of the financial and intellectual growth of the East is the researcher. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, nor will it be, specifically recommended or recommended in this report.
The point of view is directly or indirectly related.
Wave Information (000977.sz) Topic II: The formation of a flexible and integrated marketing system, with meta-cerebral ecology for long-term development, does not guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute an offer or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter that this report evaluates or recommends.
Businesses may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.