Wave Information (000977.sz): The production line is strong, occupying the high point of the domestic ai server system, and this topic is tracking wave information from the point of view of the production and manufacture of the ai server in the raw material inventory-line construction-ai
Wave information is the latest development in the three links of the world’s leading t infrastructure products, server product reserves, etc. We believe that we benefit from global ai industry programmes and service providers, business coverage calculations, storage, etc.
Large trends, corporate-ai server-related operations are expected to accelerate their development. Three key areas of the network provide full-scale digitization of cloud computing, big data, artificial intelligence, edge computing, etc.
The fastest-growing and long-term market entry has largely benefited from the capture by companies of the huge market opportunities offered by cloud computing, national production and the introduction of server products that are competitive in such markets as double, four and eight; from the perspective of a stock market liquidity, a domestic stock round of cattle was launched in 2015 to restore the company ' s market value and act as a catalyst.
The raw materials are at high stock levels. The procurement of components, such as cpu&gpu, is mainly from overseas companies, so the companies are therefore mainly from abroad.
The accounts payable in United States dollars were higher than the overall accounts payable. At the end of 2023, the company was currently in a high stock of raw materials. The inventory indicator also shows that the company is currently in a high stock of raw materials.
The raw materials in the company’s inventory consist mainly of chips, memory, hard disks, etc. By the end of 2023, the company’s stock of circulation b/h shares (in thousands) had continued to grow in demand for servers, and the company would be able to increase its capacity rapidly by pre-positioning goods.
At the end of demand, the number of deliveries to China ' s server city in 2022 was approximately 4.48 million. At the end of supply, 730,000 wave information servers and components were produced in 2016; in 2016-2023, the wave information new production base was over 10 and the server ' s annual production was estimated.
More than 700,000 new ones can be added: by the end of 2023, wave information had operated 14 production plants worldwide, producing more than 1.3 million servers per year. Wave information capacity has largely matched the demand for orders in recent years.
Production plants, assuming a 50 per cent increase in the productivity of companies in the event of an outbreak of demand, produce a maximum of more than 2 million units per year. The company’s current production lines are less constrained than the previous wave of server demand in 2014-2016.
In 2017, the company looked forward to a long-term, holistic development strategy centred on smart calculations, and the active layout of the industry has now become the most rich supplier of the ai server product. According to idc data, in 2023, the company was the second largest server supplier in the world.
In 2023, at the level of product technology innovation, the company released its entire product, adopted an open and diversified architecture, supported a wide range of generic processors and accelerated chips.
A training server nf5688g7, compared to the older platform models, the company ' s profitability projections and investment ratings: we expect the company to be the source of financial prosperity in the East, benefiting from the global trend in the industry.
Wave information (000977.sz): The production line is strong, and it takes up more than double the country's ai server system, covers it for the first time, giving a “recommended” rating.
The current global megamodel and generation AI industry is accelerating the growth of the i-server market. According to idc data, the global i-ai server market is projected to be $9.1 billion, an increase of $82.5 per cent over the year, and $13.4 billion in 2027, a five-year composite growth rate of 21.8 per cent. Artificial intelligence is an important development strategy for wave information. Wave information is a global leader in its infrastructure products, programmes and service providers.
In 2023, the company was the world’s second-largest server provider, and the world’s first-ever one. From the point of view of i-server production, this topic tracks the latest developments in the wave of information in the three branches of raw material inventory-line construction-ai server product reserves.
Figure 1: 2022-2026e Global Ia server market (millions of United States dollars) divided into two periods of increase and four periods of concussion. Corporate stock prices characterize a boom period after two periods of concussion. For example, stock prices rose between the new high-opening months and the boom months before the boom, with a drop in months from the return month to the concussion period.
East’s financial and intellectual booms only reached their peak in the early days of the market, with a drop of 101 months, with a cumulative drop of more than 85 per cent; during the next three stock price shocks, the number of months fell.
Market-competitive server products such as two-way, four-way and eight-way were introduced; in terms of a share market liquidity, a domestic share in 2015 saw an easterly financial boom.
According to the Dubon formula, the company ' s roe = net interest rate for sales multiplied by asset turnover multiplied by equity, increased net interest rate for sales, increased sales revenue and reduced costs. In 2013-2015, it benefited from national substitution, cloud computing, and self-researching high-end servers, and the company ' s server manufacturing operations entered a high-growth period, with revenue rising rapidly.
At high levels, the trend is more consistent; between 2020 and 2021, the company regressed to a level of 10% or more, with the same net profit rate on the firm’s purchases declining steadily, leading to a fall in the company’s profits.
In addition to the stronger connection between the amount of the purchase and the roe, the amount of the procurement is as much synchronized as the amount of the accounts payable. Accounts payable are amounts owed by the company for the purchase of raw materials from upstream suppliers. The company ' s upstream suppliers are mainly servers, such as cpu, gpu, RAM, and ssd. In 2012-2023, the amount of the company ' s purchases matched the amount of the accounts payable; in 2020, there was a discrepancy between the amount of the company ' s purchases and the accounts payable.
The accounts payable in United States dollars show that the company is currently at a high point in its raw materials inventory. The purchase of components such as cpu&gpu is mainly from overseas companies, and therefore the company has risen by $5,593 million a year.
At the end of the year, the stock of raw materials in the company’s inventory reached 13.7 billion yuan, close to its peak in 2021. Looking ahead, as the demand for one’s servers continues to rise, the company will be able to increase its capacity rapidly by pre-positioning goods.
3.ai servers have a good line of production, while raw materials are available, and further retrace the company ' s capacity and demand: (1) in 2017, the company ' s server and component production amounted to 152
Ten thousand, with 108 per cent growth in the same year, while 406 producers, with 31 per cent increase in the same year, can see that, at a time of rapid increase in server demand, and with no change in production lines, the productivity of companies can be increased by short-term recruitment of producers and by increasing the length of work of producers: (2) company servers and components production peaked in 2018, while companies reached only about a peak in 2020 and, as far as production lines are concerned, they expanded.
Based on the current production line, the company’s servers can produce a maximum of more than 2 million units per year. From the demand side, the Chinese apparel market delivered about 4.48 million units in 2022, according to the Said consultant. From the supply side, 730,000 wave information servers and components were produced in 2016; and from 2016-2023.
Wave information is now in the early stages of the i server industry, with 14 production plants currently operating on the basis of wave information, assuming that demand has erupted.
The company’s production efficiency has increased by 50%, with a maximum annual output of more than 2 million. Compared to the last wave of server demand, which erupted in 2014-2016, the company’s current production line is more abundant and its capacity less constrained.
In 2010, the company launched the first eight-way server in the country to create a corporate leader.
In 2011-2013, Ts850 was raised from 10% to 30% of the country’s 8x86 server market. In 2014-2023, the company completed the replacement of four generations of high-end eight-way products, from Ts860, ts860g3, ts860m5 to ts860g7.
In 2017, the company’s forward-looking long-term overall development strategy, centred on smart calculations, became the industry’s most rich supplier of a server product. According to idc data, in 2023, the company was the world’s second-largest server provider and the world’s first-ever server provider. At the level of product technology innovation, in 2023, the company published the entire product line.
The new generation of g7 computing platforms, which cover 16 products with applications such as cloud computing, big data, and artificial intelligence, uses open and diverse architecture to support a wide range of generic processors and acceleration chips and create multiple performance records. Of these, al-training server nf5688g7, which is nearly seven times more robust than the older platform ' s large model.
5. Profit forecasting and valuation
al Server sales are not as high as expected, reliance on core equipment dealers, downside domestic real economies, etc. The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom and the source of Eastern wealth and prosperity.
I don’t have, do not have, do not have, nor will the future be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
Eung Heung Securities In-depth Report Wave Information (000977.sz): The production line is strong and occupies a high point in the domestic ai server system.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know it, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter evaluated or recommended in this report. Where the law so permits, my company and its affiliated institutions may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.