The performance of non-financial companies in transport shipping ports has increased significantly over the same period, with attention paid to the follow-up impact of United States customs and port charges
Investment rating: Increase (maintain) Xian Jixing double-loading, supporting company performance. q1 achieved a significant increase in net return profit on a year-on-year basis in 2025.
Wang Xewu is the result of a similar increase in the volume of cargo and single-box revenue from the container shipping operations of the company: in the first quarter of 2025, the combined cost of the company was $8,621.88/teu, an increase of 11.65 per cent over the same period, of which the company disclosed revenue from the single-box of international shipping lines.
The cargo volume of containerized shipping operations was 6.4815,000 teu, an increase of 7.53 per cent over the same period; total cargo through the company's terminal operations, Zhang Fung Chul, China and the United States customs frictions, and the profits from the enhanced trade in transit trade, with attention to the impact of US port charges on US$ 301.
Tariff frictions continue to hit the US-line market, tariff escalation or will result in a near stagnation of direct trade in most of the bilateral commodities, and shipping companies are exposed to cross-Pacific route volume risks. Other areas have tariff differentials or will stagger trade with the US, especially intra-Asian and Far East-Latin American, or will benefit from the performance of related routes;
According to article 301 of the 1974 Trade Law, China was found to have “unreasonable practices” in areas such as maritime transport, shipbuilding, and the results of a survey published on 17 April 2025, local United States time: annual increases in the amount of net tonnage or containers charged to China's shipowners, operators and ships built in China since 14 October 2025.
The impact of friction and port charges on the company’s trans-Pacific route operations. Profit prediction and investment perspective: Mid- and Far-Sea Control as a global head container transport integrated service provider, based on the latest supply and demand situation in the industry and the continuing red Sea bypass, we expect the Middle and Far Sea to have a net profit share for the period 2025-2027.
My own personal opinion of the target securities and issuers is maintained, taking into account the high concentration in the industry and the nature of the company’s dividends. I have been diligent in my professional approach, professional intuitive in my research methods, using information on legal compliance, and have produced this report independently and objectively, without any part of the person’s remuneration being, directly or indirectly, associated with the specific investment opinions or views in this report.