The annual report details: q2 performance is higher than expected, efficiency profitability is rising steadily, how do you see further increases in overseas income?
2022h1 Hale ' s share of overseas and other (operational) income further up to practice number: $ 150520070002 for smart family business income of $6.4763 billion, i.e. + 12.7 per cent for operating profit.
Four hundred and forty-four million yuan, compared to 27.7 per cent, and 61,481 million yuan, corresponding to 8.0 per cent, representing a profit of 3,634 million yuan, compared to 13.0 per cent. Hale, for many years in overseas layouts, home-grown + local construction investment models have facilitated local branding.
Cost markets, while taking advantage of Heir’s globalized technology, operation, and supply chain platforms, can be effective in avoiding adverse factors, such as trade barriers, and achieving balanced and comprehensive development of multi-markets. We do not think that further improvements in corporate profitability can be seen.
Optimizing product structure + full-process collaboration + upgrading value chain competitiveness and deep-deeping profitability. q2 companies achieved a Māori rate of 31.81%, compared to +0.25 ptt, and increased Māori ratios benefited mainly from 1) companies optimized product structure and model, 2) the ability to complement full-chain integration.
Improving the self-sufficiency of spare parts, 3) comprehensive cost management of the supply chain. At the cost end, the domestic digital transformation plus business process optimization and corporate cost control optimization have been significant. q2 sales/management/R & D/financial cost ratios are equal to -0.71/-
0.34/+0.49/-0.77 pct, further reduced sales and management cost rates, financial cost, increased interest income resulting from improved efficiency of fund management, which was $362 million for company h1, compared with 36.8 per cent for the previous half of the year, resulting in a combined gain of $169 million on exchange and a loss on exchange during the same period last year
Loss of $212 million. Cost optimization plus a small increase in the Māori rate, with q2 companies achieving a net profit on sales of 7.19%, compared to +0.43pt.
1) Full-scale internal efficiency: Designing and digitalizing the process for maximizing the effectiveness of all the components of the company ' s research and development, marketing, manufacturing and production of the High Equity Incentives to show long-term development confidence
Heil Jijit (600690.sh) In-depth report: Peach efficiency while the company optimizes its own supplier system, increases the self-contained ratio of spare parts, in the millennia, when three-wing birds can fly in the wind.
Effective cost management can be accompanied by further upgrading of the industrial chain; 2) Smart Family Programs drive user value: Heir publishes the "1+3+5+n" upgrade wisdom scene
Programme to further improve the scenery, tangled layout, raise the value of the guest list, and lead the future of the country,
3) Global branding, manufacturing layouts are synergizing to capture changes in local demand: branding and manufacturing layouts undertaken by companies over the years can effectively reduce the uncertain effects of shipping costs, geopolitics, etc., while home-grown brands and teams are more conducive to tapping local consumption trends and capturing them
\triangleright Unexpected, unsatisfied/scene product education, high exchange rate fluctuations, recurrent overseas epidemics leading to inadequate export demand, etc.
I: Income analysis: more flowers in the overseas market and a steady increase in the share of revenues earned by the Heir Ji family achieved business income of $12,185 million in the first half of 2022, i.e. + 9.07 per cent in comparison with + 9.07 per cent in comparison with +5.89 per cent in comparison with +5.9 per cent in relation to the net return to the mother. q2 companies achieved business income of $61,607 million, i.e. +8.37 per cent in comparison with +8.37 per cent in relation to the return to the mother.
1) Sub-regionally, the share of income (operational) from the offshore and other areas of the Haer Ji family rose further to 51.3 per cent, and the continental operating income represented 48.7 per cent of the company ' s operating income. Specifically, 2022h1 China ' s income from smart family business amounted to 64.763 billion yuan, compared to 12.7 per cent, and realized operating profits of 4,944 million yuan, compared to 27.7 per cent; electricity and intelligence from overseas households.
According to the breakdown of overseas markets, income from North America/Europe/Australia/South Asia/South-East Asia/Japan was lower in the first half of the year than in the same year, and Japan/Australian market operating income in local currency terms was +17.9.2 per cent respectively, while the United States continued to be the largest overseas market in terms of income as compared with 0.91 pct in 21 years, while South and South-East Asia market revenues accounted for the same ratio.
1.57/0.58 pct. 2) For sub-products, H1 refrigerators/washers/air conditioners/cookers/waterhouses/channels combined services and other operating income, respectively, the company ' s share of the main product categories is stable, and refrigerators, washing machines, air conditioners, kitchen guards, waterhouse electricity, respectively, account for the same amount.
In the new category of companies: domestic revenue from dryer machines was +94 per cent, the share of retail sales under the line was 37 per cent, and the same share was +5 pct, top of the industry, and the company's new layout of the Shanghai dryer factory was expected to increase production capacity by 2 million; in the first half of the year, the company's domestic and foreign revenue from commercial air conditioners was +26.1/+32 per cent, respectively. In Europe, consumer demand for heat pump products was higher.
This increase has led to a doubling of the growth of the market with the advantage of well-developed heating channels. Figure 6: Hale’s operating income by product share (%3) shows a 27.4% share in the market share of Hale’s electricity market for all, an increase of 2.4 pct over the same period.
/Cooking power/washer/Home Hanger Air Conditioning/Heating Waters/Underline Markets have continued to increase, as compared to +2.7/+1.0/+3.3/+4.0/+3.5/+5.0pt, respectively, and the share of the refrigerator freezer line in the market has increased by +0.4/+3.4pct. In the first half of the year, Camp Casati received the same amount as the +20.8 per cent, q1 received more than 30 per cent, q2 received the same rate of increase in the impact of the epidemic
Sliding. Kassati refrigerators and washing machines account for 38.6.75.2% and $15,000 + air conditioners, respectively, for overseas markets, Heir insists on a multi-branded high-end strategy, while high-end brand revenues in North American markets have increased by more than 40% and continue to rise; European market shares have increased by 0.5 pct to 6.8%, and laundry sales have reached 12.7%.
In Australia, the share of dual brand washing machines is 28 per cent through a high-end series of new products, in the Indian market it is 10.4 per cent and the share of sales proceeds at the middle and high end is up to 46 per cent, in the Pakistani market as a whole it is 37 per cent, and in Japan it is the first industry to have a steady share of refrigerators/creaks, amounting to 15.2/42.8 per cent, respectively.
(4) Sub-channels, companies deepen the layout of their channels and improve their end competitiveness. In the first half of the year, companies increased their revenues by 8%, and 8,000 stores operated digital platforms with a coverage of more than 90%; in the first half of the year, 25% more, companies optimized the distribution of online channels, with the same unit value for the first half of the year + 12%, and Skycats.
Flaghouse packages increased by 56 per cent; in addition to exclusive stores and online channels, companies increased their strategic collaboration with the Red Star, the Mequilon, the Quair House, etc., to generate $5.1 billion in revenue, compared to two, profit analysis: full-scale in-house efficiency, and a steady increase in q2 profitability.
Optimizing product structure + full-process collaboration + upgrading value chain competitiveness and deep-deeping profitability. q2 companies achieved a Māori rate of 31.81%, compared to +0.25 ptt, and increased Māori ratio mainly benefited from 1) optimized product structure and model, 2) improved capacity for full-chain integration, improved spare parts self-sufficiency, and 3) comprehensive cost management of the supply chain.
Domestic air-conditioning, for example, increased efficiency in the first half of the year by 17 per cent, and improved self-formulation of spare parts resulted in material cost savings of 5.5 pct. In addition, a full-process cost-management committee was set up to develop a cost-effective cost-management model to achieve a reduction of more than 16 million dollars.
Division sales/management/research and development/financial cost rates are equal to -0.71/-0.34/+0.49/-0.77 ptt. Cost optimization plus small increases in the Māori rate, with q2 companies achieving net profit on sales of 7.19 per cent, same to +0.43 ptt. Heil Jit cost rate changes (%)
Figure 11: Cost rate of 22q2 (%, pct) III. Operational situation analysis: ongoing reserve response to cost pressures 1, sufficient currency funds and still high inventory position. 2022h1 end-of-period currency funds + total other current assets 548.32
Figure 14: Changes in net cash flows from Heil Jijit ' s investment activities (millions)
How do you see that Hale continues to grow above expectations under multiple pressures? 22q2, with a large number of high-price shocks in raw materials, falling demand for overseas consumption, blocking sales in the middle of a domestic epidemic, Hal continues to hand over an excellent response for consumers, which we believe can be divided into "inner".
Renovation + "Foreign works" two main aspects: 1) Inner repairs: Hale, while responding to external pressures, has done deep digging in the internal efficiency space.
This has resulted in efficiency gains in precipitation; for example, during the first half of the year, the manufacturing end was selected as the global lighthouse plant's Helge Water Interconnection Plant in Zhengzhou, where the plant has established close links with suppliers, plants and users using solutions such as big data, 5g margin calculations and uwb, with an accelerated response cycle of 25 per cent, an increase in production efficiency of 31 per cent, and an increase in quality of 26 per cent.
At the same time, the company optimized its own supplier system, increasing the self-regulating ratio of spare parts, while effectively controlling costs, further upgrading the industrial chain. 2) Foreign functions: Cassarty's integration into the three-wing bird, focusing on “custody wisdom” life. On May 10, Hale released the three-wing bird-full.
House-wise upgrading program - “1+3+5+n”, a brain core, three full-house professional systems, five intelligent spaces, 88% more than ever. Scene-based marketing models can effectively raise the sales ratio of holstered sales, thereby raising the value of the guest list, 38.6% in the first half of the year, and 1.5% in the same year. In addition, scene-based experiences, digitalized sales.
At home, the doornail efficiency grew by 8.2 per cent, and figure 15: the brain has a home-wide network of neurons. 3) Foreign functions: global branding, manufacturing layout reduces systemic risks and synergizes robust growth.
Global layout brands, industrial chain advantages, companies reduce the negative impacts of high shipping costs, chip shortages, geopolitics, etc. through concerted negotiations, resource optimization, joint purchasing, etc. At the same time, companies can be more sensitive to consumer demand in different markets, such as carbon neutrality and the energy crisis, which boosts European markets to heat pumps through home-grown teams and factories.
The demand for products, the company’s rapid capture of the market with the advantage of a well-developed heating channel, enables commercial air-conditioning exports to Europe to take place with a dual degree in melting & management. Used to work in the tp-link hardware development department for commercial communications equipment development, 2015 and 2017.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.