Hainan Airport (600515.sh): Routine recovery for “airports + duty-free”, multi-purpose business layout for long-term development Re-introduction of State holdings, business transformation focus on “airport + duty-free”.
In June 2023, the Henan Holdings proposed to transfer the full share agreement held to the Hainan Airport Group (100% of the Henan Holdings). The reorganization resulted in a substantial optimization of the corporate capital structure and a reduction in the debt ratio to less than 60%.
Airfield operations: significant warming after the epidemic, with the core asset San Phoenix airport ready for launch. In 2022, public airport operations were hit by an epidemic, and in 2023, airport operations returned quickly as the control measures were optimized.
Warm, January-June Hainnan Airport aircraft landing racks and passenger traffic + 68% and + 109%, respectively. Public pull airport performance is strong. Company holdings, management of 11 airports, of which the San Phoenix Airport contributes about 80% of airport operating revenue and remains in absolute core; it is represented by the Michang Three Gorge Airport.
He also has great potential for the resumption of air operations at small and medium airports, and for the development of non-airline operations. Aviation travel has not resumed as much as expected; International tax-free operations: demand has continued to flourish under the K-type recovery, and the expansion of duty-free shops has increased supply and demand has increased.
On the demand side, airport passenger traffic quickly recovered to pre-epidemiological levels after liberalization in 2023, and 51 duty-free sales.
On the supply side, the San Phoenix Airport tax-free shop and the Melanes Airport tax-free shop are being expanded, with the San Phoenix Airport ' s second French garden expected to be operational within the course of the year, with nearly three times the size of the operation once built. In 2021 and 2022, the company ' s tax-free business was expanded.
Other business: A smooth exit from traditional real estate operations and a transformation of the windmill economy into an up-and-down chain of industries. After reorganization, the company insisted on a “de-realization” strategy, with no additional work area in 2021 and 2022, and focused on promoting stock-marketing and the transformation of the empty industry.
In addition, the company owns Hainan, the largest property company in Hainan, with a steady profit-making contribution, and is expected to further enhance market competitiveness in the future.
Hainan Airport: Reconstructed and rejuvenated, Hainan Airport Facility Limited was established on 12 May 1993 and placed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange on 6 August 2002.
Reorganization and reorganization of assets in 2021, leading to a shift from retailing of goods to investment in infrastructure, to the current operation of airport services in coordination with the development of duty-free commercial property, hotel property services, etc.
With the construction of Hainan Self-Trade Port, the company will be built on the basis of the airport’s main industry, with free commercial property and property management hotels serving two wings.
A new pattern of “two-wing two-engine” industries, driven by two main engines, with capital. 1.2 Development journeys: after two asset restructurings, the changes focused on “airports + duty-free” Hainan Airport, which has been in operation since its inception for 30 years, has included retail merchandise, hotels, hotels and houses.
After the reorganization and reorganization of assets, the company was eventually taken over by the Hainan State Treasury at the end of 2021, and its operations are back on track, focusing on "Chart 2: The history of Hainan Airport development."
Henan Airport was founded when the company was called "The first way to buy the sea."
The main business is a tax-free business.
The South China Sea is a market for cartoons, capital investments, and the industry is a two-wing development strategy.
The only platform of the battalion, with a change of name, equity, property management, and a change of name for Hainan Airport.
Retailing and booking industry “Basis of the Sea”, Inc.
It's a sea-based venture, a sea-port policy opportunity.
The core of the airport and the accompaniment, the legacy of the history, the control of Datun Tianjin.
Resources, dedicated to building "China's leading ISP developer"
The course of corporate development is divided into three main phases: (1) business development period (1993-2015): property-based operations, to be carried over to department stores, tourist hotels, etc.
Viet Nam, which forms the prototype of a multi-dimensional business, was founded by Hinan First Investors, Inc., co-sponsored by Izuku Group, Hainankawa Cooperative Trade Division, Hainan Light News Real Estate Development Co. Ltd., Hainan Phoenix Airport General Corporation.
In 1995, as a result of the failure of previous cooperation with Young-joo Hong Kong Ltd. in the retail trade, the company began operating independently in the department and gradually developed its industrial structure in the coming years, which is dominated by the retail trade of goods and the tourism hotel industry.
(ii) Reorganization of the transformation (2016-2020): change of name to “airline base”, shift to capital, deep involvement in the construction of the port of trade, opening of the off-the-shelf industry.
In January 2016, the company was officially renamed Hainan Shipping Infrastructure Investment Group Ltd., or “Basis of Maritime Navigation”. After the reorganization of its assets, the company formally transformed into an investment development and operator for infrastructure projects, covering investment and development of various types of property projects, and investment in airports.
In 2017, the company began to move to open-air industries and to optimize the allocation of resources, the company sold its assets away from business operations. In 2018, the Party’s central government offered to build a China-specific free-trade port to support Hai Nam Quan.
The island has built a free-trade pilot zone. With the new market opportunities offered by the Hainan Free Trade Island policy, companies have surrounded the airport and its accompanying core resources and are committed to building “China's leading integrated services developer” in the off-air industry.
In January 2021, the former naval consortium officially announced its reorganisation, and the company was split into "aeronautical" machines.
The four main sections of the “financial” “commercial and other” operate independently and each has been introduced as a strategic investor. In September, Naval Foundation issued an announcement that the strategic investors of the naval consortium's airport plate had been identified as Hainan Province Development Control Company Ltd. (Hinan Holdings). The company changed its name to Hainan Airport Facility with limited shares in December 2021.
In October 2022, the company applied for a change of securities called Hainan Airport, and since then it has focused on the two main business lines of “airport + duty-free” and has been actively returning to the market. After restructuring in 2021, the State Treasury of Hainan Province became the owner of the company. On 19 June 2023, the Henan Holdings and the Hainan Airports Group signed “Share Transfers”
Under the Jean Agreement, the Hainan Holdings transferred to the Hainan Airports Group (100 per cent shareholding) all of the 2.8 billion shares of the Hainan Airports directly held by it, after which the actual controlling party remained the Hainan State Finance Committee and the Hainan Airports Group became shareholders in the Holdings.
The company’s current main operations include airport management, tax exemption and commerce, property management, real estate, other operations (barrel flying training, etc.) and are summarized as follows: (1) airport management operations: participation in the control units, management of 11 airports.
Air operations and non-aviation operations, air operations are defined as base operations directly linked to aircraft, passenger and cargo services, such as the provision of port and ground transport services to domestic and international air transport enterprises, trans-shipment and trans-shipment passengers; and other similar extended duty-free businesses, tax-based businesses, advertising, freight forwarding, office rentals, duty counters, etc.
The company’s tax-exempt revenue and investment gains at Phoenix Airport are included in the airport’s income. (2) Tax-exempt and commercial: operated by the company’s subsidiary, Sea Island, and generated mainly from the rental of premises.
Rent income and investment income from equity investment. Among these, rental income consists mainly of income from operating the Oceanic Moon Square at Seagate from rent-free operator space rental costs and commercial rental charges with taxes, and mainly investment income from tax-free operations at Merland Airport at Seaport, and from the Hainan Sea Shipping without duty-free operations.
(iii) Property management operations: focusing on aviation airport industrial parks (the San Phoenix airport), government enterprises (the Central Hospital in Haiguchi), residential commercial writing buildings (the Hainan building, the China Sea High Court), etc. By 2022, there were 163 projects in the pipeline and catering sector, with an area of management of more than 16 million square metres.
(iv) Real estate operations, mainly in the management, rental and sale of real estate, which are operated mainly by the Outer Space Corporation. Real estate used to be the backbone of the company, and after the reorganization work was completed, the company was gradually moving towards a “de-realization” process, focusing on the off-the-shelf industry and promoting the transformation of the real estate business. As of 2022, the public sector,
The Division still has 11 land reserve projects, 12 under construction, totalling approximately 6,500 acres, and a completed equity-held project with an carrying value of approximately $10,661 million, including the Haeting series, Hainan Centre, Seaguchi Swe Building, etc.: the closing balance of the investmented real estate is approximately $13,541 million, including Seagate Day Month.
In the hotel business, the company owns two hotels, the Henan Hotel, the San Phoenix Airport Hotel: three hotels.
For the Hilton Hotel in Haiguchi, the Fukubon Sheraton Hotel in Chongzhou, and the Fukubun Sheratan Hotel in Joan. In flight training, more than 40 of Tian Yu's cooperating clients have been trained in simulator training for a total of more than 135,000 hours.
To be implemented, the focus of operations has been placed on the two main sections of the airport and tax exemption, with other operations working in tandem. “Democracy” has been steadily moving forward. From the date of restructuring in 2021, the company has gradually shrunk its real estate business, exited its work-management business, lost its real estate income and revenue from its engineering-management business, with real estate operating income falling significantly from 2019.
In 2022, the share of real estate income rose to 44.11%, mainly as a result of stock sales, and companies will continue to reduce their share of real estate operations in the future, with no additional area to be added. Refocusing on the two main sections of “Airport + Tax Exemption.”
The share of revenues from airport operations declined temporarily from 21.2 per cent in 2019 to 22.22 per cent, mainly because of the non-recurring event of land concessions. In 2022, tax exemptions and related revenue costs such as the commercial inclusion of holding property leases will be leased in 2022.
As travel restrictions are fully liberalized, airports and duty-free operations are expected to return quickly to the upwards path. The restructuring of the Division has led to the implementation of the debt restructuring plan, which has been repaid for the most part through increased shares and cash payments.
The indicators show a positive trend, with a mobility ratio of 2023q1 of 2.28, a speed ratio of 1.07, at a good level, and a gradual return to health of the financial structure.
Growth. Corporate operating income was stable until 2019; after 2020, the company began to transform and reorganize itself, and the external epidemic continued to hit, with internal and external pressures on its performance, accompanied by de-escalated real estate belts of hundreds of millions of yuan and stable revenues; in 2022, the company achieved operating income of $4.701 billion, an increase of 3.89 per cent and a recovery of 3.89 per cent.
Credit impairments, asset impairments, were once a drag on profit margins and 2023q1 was a gain or gain. From 2019, the company started to lose profits, with a loss of $7,737 million in 2020, accompanied by restructuring and debt arrangements, corporate dollars, and a negative turnaround; in 2022, affected by the non-recurrent gain or loss of land concessions, the company was able to recover its profits and losses.
In real terms, the return to profitability of airport operations has been achieved, and tax-free and commercial operations have opened up profit margins. The airport operations are public.
The Department’s core major business, which was severely hit by the epidemic in 2022, dropped its Māori rate to 1.99 per cent, and it is hoped that it will make a significant profit contribution as scale rises in the future. The Māori rate for real estate operations is 53.16 per cent, which combined with the high share of real estate revenues in 2022, partly offsets the dramatic decline in the profitability of airport operations.
To keep the overall Māori ratio of the company at 34.93%. Benefiting from the full recovery of travel, 2023q1 Māori ratio, real-estate business increased to 44.11%, a non-recurrent event, with no real-estate start-up in the company due to the transfer of ownership leases from tax-exempt and business operations to real estate operations.
In June 2020, the Central China and the State Council officially promulgated the General Programme for the Construction of the Hainan Free Trade Port, which provides a step-by-step and phased approach to the construction of the Hainan Free Trade Port.
A system of free trade port policy with a focus on free access and investment facilitation; a sequenced flow of trade, investment, cross-border financial flows, access to and from people, free movement of transport and data security by 2035; and the full establishment of a high-level free trade port with greater international influence by mid-century.
The sub-programme aims to enhance the liberalization and facilitation of trade and investment, improve the business and investment environment, promote the free movement of the various factors of production, such as capital, talent, and ultimately lead to the virtuous development of a number of industries, such as commerce, tourism, finance, etc. Hainan Airport is one of the major enterprises built at the Hainan Free Trade Port, and is driven by a policy-driven company under the banner of San Phoenix.
The airport, Jonglei airport, is expected to take on more integrated functions in the future and become an international air hub at the port of trade. The 7th voyage maximizes the freedom of the Hainan air hub, and the amount of passengers and cargo throughput is expected to rise.
In September 2020, the Civil Aviation Authority issued the Hainan Free Trade Port Pilot Open Seventh Right Implementation Program to encourage and support designated foreign air carriers to secure existing air traffic rights.
By the middle of the century, a high-level free trade port with greater international influence will have been fully established. In April 2021, the Angkor Air and Seagate Transport Ports Bureau of Cambodia formally signed a cooperation agreement to operate the Seventh Right of Flight; the first seven rights routes in 2023 are expected to be realized.
Airfield operations: Post-disease rebound trends have determined that San Phoenix Airport is the first core business to establish a company for airport operations when it is re-established. The former Naval Navigation Group started restructuring in January 2021.
The airport industry is divided into air operations and non-avigational operations, and air operations are defined as basic operations directly related to aircraft, passenger and cargo services, including the provision of ports for domestic and foreign air transport enterprises, trans-ports and trans-shipment passengers.
There are 11 airports under the company’s current flag, of which 7 are controlled, 2 are owned, 2 are managed and 2 are exported.
Airport. At present, the company holds seven airports: San Phoenix Airport (77.36%), Jonglei Airport (45.42%), Anqing Tianyu Airport (86.48%), Tang Shan San San Zai River Airport (44.60%), Yu Yunan Airport (86.48%), Camp Cao Lan Airport (51.89%), Manchuria Suburb Airport (57.94%), of which Bo Chai Airport is commissioned
In addition, the company, through its subsidiaries, participates in two airports: Ichang San Gorge Airport, East Prey Airport, managing the export of two airports: Matsuhara Lake Airport (77.83 per cent), Sansha Yongchen Airport (86.48 per cent). The outbreak hit the ground, and airport operations fell into the valley in 2022. In 2019-2022, the outbreak and the containment
In 2020, as a result of the epidemic, the company’s airport operations were reduced by 25.46 per cent; the airport operations intensified, and the airport operations fell to a low level. Airport operations amounted to $1,044 million, a decrease of 33.95 per cent, compared with 33.95 per cent, with 739,000 flights and 9.51 million passenger traffic, respectively, compared to the same period in 2019.
In 2023, the policy of control was fully optimized, travel was rapidly resumed, and airport operations were clearly warming during the first six months of the year. The company’s fleet of airfields continued to be repaired during the last six months, aircraft landings and passenger throughputs were significantly repaired and airport operations returned to growth routes. In January-June 2023, the Hainan airport control unit and the management of 9 airports for export.
The drop-off, passenger throughput and mail throughput are now 88.9 million, 13,063,000, 7.51 million tons, an increase of 68 per cent, 109 per cent and 45 per cent, respectively, and the production and operation targets have been substantially repaired by the same ratio. Over the summer season, 7.53 million passengers are expected to be transported, exceeding the same level in 2019. According to the Hainan Daily News,
During the 62-day summer trip (1 July-31 August), the Hainan Airports under the flag of the Hainan Airports Group, the Melanes Airport, the San Phoenix Airport, and the three airports at Joan Hae Boj Airport, are expected to complete 50,000 flights and landings, of which 7.53 million passengers are expected to swallow more than the same period in 2019, an increase of 9 per cent and 8 per cent, respectively.
It is expected that 30,000 flights will take place, carrying 4.18 million passengers, an increase of 8 per cent and 7 per cent, respectively, compared with 2019. The San Phoenix International Airport is expected to fly 20,000 flights, transporting 3.25 million passengers, an increase of 4 per cent and 6 per cent, respectively, compared with 2019, and is expected to exceed pre-epidemiological levels.
2.1 Triple Phoenix Airport: Core airports contribute to the main collection, strong recovery from the epidemic, and San Phoenix Airport contributes about 80% of the company ' s core assets to its operations. The San Phoenix Airport has t1, t2 (within China) and newly expanded international air terminal buildings totalling 1,076,000 square metres.
The Central T1 terminal was launched in November 2006 with a design capacity of 6 million: the t2 terminal was launched in September 2018. San Phoenix Airport is the most central asset in all airports under the company’s flag, with an average contribution of nearly 80 per cent to the company’s airport operations in 2017-2020; and in March 2022, San Phoenix Airport contributed nearly 80 per cent to the company’s airport operations.
From 938 million yuan in operating revenue to 89.83 per cent in airport operations, a net profit of 322 million yuan was realized, and pre-epidemiological revenues increased steadily and the epidemic was under pressure. In 2017-2019, San Phoenix airport provided the airport industry.
The main gross profits were three years of passenger traffic, landings, and steady increases in cargo traffic; 2020-2022, affected by the epidemic, saw a significant drop in passenger flows at San Phoenix Airport, which was under pressure. In 2020, the performance of San Phoenix Airport fell; in 2021, Hainan Airport was successfully re-established, with better internal control of the epidemic.
Airport performance rebounded to 103.78 per cent in 2019, exceeding pre-epidemiological levels; national epidemics intensified in 2022, with repeated outbreaks of disease in various parts of the country, including Hainan, and tight mobility restrictions, leading to a significant drop in passenger flows and landings, and San Phoenix Airport reached 765 million aircraft landings throughout the year.
Tourist traffic rose by 9.51 million times and mail traffic by 63.3 million tons, down 34% from 2021, and post-infested passenger movements returned to warmer conditions. Since 2023, as a result of the changes in anti-epidemic policies, data on the overall operation of the San Phoenix airport has been rapidly warming.
In the first five months, the Triple Phoenix airport was able to transport 9,667,000 passengers, a total of 9,514,000 in 2022. At the end of the year, San Phoenix airport was only collected in 2022.
At the core of airport operations, the San Phoenix Airport operational target has been collected by the San Phoenix Airport Air Service Director, and the tax-free operation is ready.
There has been a steady increase in entry, with aviation operations accounting for more than half of the year 2015-2019, with a compound annual growth rate of 9.51 per cent.In December 2020, Phoenix Airport, the first phase of a tax-free shop, opened with an area of approximately 800 square metres, was located at the gate of 206-208, and was located in Arashlande, Dio, Sea Blue Enigma, sk-ii, Congregation, Lancho, St. Roland.
In December 2022, Phoenix Airport opened a three-phase tax-free shop with an area of about 1,000 square metres and introduced burgberry, moncle, zegna, emilechoriet, macallan, camus, dewar's, glendeveron.
To date, the company has completed the licensing, recruitment and renovation of the two-phase tax-exempt French Gardens, and is promoting the licensing of tax-exempt products. The second phase covers approximately 5,000 square metres.
With a total size of approximately 6,800 square metres, the duty-free operation is expected to become San Phoenix Airport, and it is of strategic importance to improve the airport revenue structure. 2.2 Other airports: post-epidemic rebound period; and the expansion of non-aeronautical operations at the San Gorge Airport.
Other companies involved in controlling and managing the airport, with the exception of San Phoenix Airport, are located on the second and third line of cities and are smaller. In 2019, 395 million yuan was collected from other airports, representing 21.98 per cent of airport operations; In 2022, affected by the epidemic, revenues fell to 106 million yuan, or 10.17 per cent.
See, the largest is Ei Chang Three Gorge Airport, with more than 3 million passenger flowes in 2019, while the rest of the airport has less than 1 million passenger fluids and is generally smaller in size.
Dry Lake Airport, Sansha Yongchen Airport are the respective airport management companies, while the rest are airport companies Ichang San Gorge Airport non-flying operations have grown in reverse, production capacity has been built in an orderly manner, and several airports have obtained skytrax recognition. 1) Extension of offer: Ichang San Gorge Airport II repromotion of brand vendors to introduce more than 30 brand names.
On the one hand, the overall commercial rate of return on the shop was higher than 16 per cent of the assessed price, and was put into use in June 2022; (2) the commercials opened their own businesses at the IYA airport in 2022, with a negative income growth of 164 per cent in the context of the general recession in the airport advertising business; (3) the electricity industry: IYA airport in May 2022
Cooperation with the China-China Consortium to promote online electrical goods such as air ports, cdf members, etc., through the creation of interactive activities was officially launched in June of the year and the new terminal at Anqing Airport was inaugurated in July of 2022; the second-floor upgrade of the terminal was carried out in an orderly manner at the airport, which would provide security for 1.5 million cases of vomiting in the course of the year; (5) industry certification:
In 2022, San Phoenix Airport, Manchuria Rixis Airport, four star airport, San Phoenix Airport, 96th of the world's best airport, and the International Airport Association's “Voice of Passengers.” The rest of the airports are as follows:
Joonghai Bojian Airport: official air access in March 2016 and completion of phase II of the airport expansion project in March 2017. 12 km from the city of Jonglei City and 15 km from the International Conference Centre in Bojong, a key package for the Bojong Asia Forum.
The volume and mail throughput also continued to increase year after year, and declined only in 2022, with the passenger throughput at the Nanjian airport in Kafang: 19182 square metres of the air terminal, with a boarding gallery bridge; 34,000 square metres of the civil air terminal, with 6 civil aircraft positions; and 2,600 metres of runway length and 48 metres wide during the outbreak.
In 2021, it recovered well, and again in 2022, the passenger toll was Anqing Tian Ju Airport: the air terminal was 13928 square metres, four boarding porch bridges were installed, civil aviation ramps were set up, six class C planes were set up and runways were 2,800 metres long and 50 metres wide.
Tens of thousands of times, 24.14 per cent /-27.22 per cent — 38.23 per cent — 51.2 per cent of the same year, in June 2022, the airport's re-enlargement was accepted by the industry, and in July, the airport's t2 terminal was officially inaugurated, which covered 1.3 million passengers, 5,500 tons of cargo and mail, and 13402 aircraft landings.
Tangshan Third Women ' s River Airport: Air terminal area, 6187 square metres, with three galleries bridge; civil air terminal surface, 32,000 square metres, with eight seats; runway, 2,700 metres long and 50 metres wide. During the outbreak, 34.6 million passengers, or 12.3 per cent of the total, were affected by the disease in 2022; there were fewer flights since 2022.
Motion, in April 2023, Tangshan Airport opened its first “Foshan-Tangshan” route, and the expansion was successful.
In 2022, the airport on the outskirts of Manchuria completed a total of 90,395 passenger traffic, a decrease of 63.2 per cent in the same year, 53.6 tons in postage, a decrease of 80.1 per cent in the same year, and 1,216 aircraft flights, a decrease of 56.6 per cent in the same year.
Embassies: 20,000 square metres of air terminal space, including 8088.05 square metres open to the public, at 38.09 per cent per year; 101.6 million sorties since 2022, at 38.09 per cent in 2019. Small and medium-sized airports have experienced a significant drop in the flow of passengers affected by the epidemic and regain space. The epidemic is the flag of the company 2020-2022.
The core causes of the decline in revenues from the lower airport are the 2019 and 2022 passenger throughput, compared to 2019 and 2022, with 20 per cent, 71 per cent, 51 per cent, and 62 per cent of the same damages at the Jonghai Bo airport, Nanjian airport, An Qing Tianhu airport, and Camp Clan flag airport, respectively, and with correspondingly greater scope for recovery following the outbreak, the upward elasticity of performance is expected to be released this year.
2.3 Airport industry: domestic throughput has returned to pre-epidemiological levels, international routes have continued to be repaired, incremental ceilings have been reopened, aviation has recovered steadily and passenger traffic has reached pre-epidemiological levels in May.
Xiao, the air transport market continued its smooth recovery in May, with industry-wide passenger traffic reaching 51,698,000 people increasing by 2.6 per cent over the same period, and industry-wide aircraft utilization of 8.2 hours per day in May, the same rate as in April. International flights accelerated in the first half of the year, and tax-free operations are expected to pick up.
The number of international and regional routes has recovered to 40% in 2019. Among these, international passengers at White Cloud Airport and Shenzhen Airport have recovered relatively quickly, and in May they both recovered to more than 40% in 2019. According to the Trader Securities Study, duty-free operations in 2019 contributed about 70% of net profits to Shanghai Airport and nearly 50% of net profits to White Cloud Airport.
In 2021, tax-free operations contributed 57% of net profits to the airport. In contrast, Hainan Airport contributed 27.76% 13.75% of net profits to duty-free operations in 2021/2022, raising space.
Tax-exempt operations: participation in stock operations + rental of premises, supply and demand in combination with high Maori operations, which are the responsibility of the subsidiary Sea Island Business, is one of the company’s core points of activity in the future. The company is involved in the operation of five off-island duty-free shops in both the form of equity participation and rental of premises, of which the share-in-investment tax-free shop packages
Including: 49 per cent of the tax-free market (ex-island duty), 49 per cent of the tax-free market (ex-island duty), 50 per cent of the free market (port duty) in the Hainan Sea; tax-free operations in the form of home-owned property for rental of premises, including: exemption from the tax-free market at the Ocean Square, Sea Control Global Fines (seagate)
In addition to the tax-exempt income from Phoenix, which is included in the airport business, tax-free sales from companies and businesses account for 21.5 per cent of the island, and duty-free rents from the island account for 14 per cent of the island.
In 2022, a total of approximately $7.5 billion in duty-free sales under the company line accounted for about 21.5 per cent of the 12 duty-free shops in Hainan Island. In terms of leased area, the company ' s global conservatory (Seaport) duty-free city in 2022 provided an additional 0.46 million square metres of leased area and a further 0.1 million square metres of leased area at San Phoenix Airport.
By the end of 2022, the company as a whole was rent-free 7.19 million square metres, including self-owned property, 5.4 million square metres for the rental of the site, 17.9 million square metres for the equity investment company, and approximately 500,000 square metres for the duty-free operation of the whole island, representing about 14 per cent of the tax-free operation of the company.
High Māori rates provide profit elasticity, and post-epidemiology time-limited operations. In 2021, 2022, companies were exempted from 13.75% of their profits. With the rapid recovery of the Hainan passenger flow and the expansion of airport duty-free shops, supply and demand symbiosis is expected to lead to a rapid release of duty-free operations, providing companies with secondary growth dynamics.
3.1 Tax-free market: Sub-line consumer rehabilitation and expansion of duty-free shops, K-type recovery has contributed to the accelerated recovery of free tourist flows and duty-free consumption in Hainan province. With the liberalization of control of the 2023 epidemic, the Hainan passenger flow has been rapidly repaired. According to the Hainan government, 46066,000 visitors were received throughout the province during the first half of the year, compared with 46066,000 in the previous six months.
The effect of vacations is particularly significant, with the customs of Hainan for a period of five or so long (29 April-3 May) supervising duty-free purchases off the island amounting to 880 million yuan, a 120 per cent increase over the same period, and 109,000 free purchases, a 158 per cent increase over the same period.
In the context of the economy’s K-type recovery, the duty-free market in Hainan Island was active in the first half of the year, with sales growing by more than three percentage points over the same period. K-type recovery refers to the faster recovery of the wealthier segment of the economy from the bottom of the valley to the low-income level.
The recovery was not as rapid as expected, creating a divided economy. Three years of the epidemic disrupted our economic growth, the economy rebounded in 2023, and the country’s high-consumption consumption recovered at a significantly faster rate than average, with a K-type recovery that benefited tax-free industries dominated by luxury goods and high-end commodities.
In the first half of 2023, 12 duty-free shops in Hainan Province sold $32.396 billion, an increase of 31 per cent in the same year; 26.484 billion, an increase of 26 per cent, in the same year, in duty-free sales; and the number of duty-free shopping people, while high-end consumption continued to be high, the growth in corporate duty-free operations is expected to continue to exceed the social average.
Consumption has increased, leading to higher corporate performance on a scale. 3.2 Three Phoenix Airport tax-free shops: supply expansion-led “rent-for-investment” companies are involved in the operation of San Phoenix Airport tax-free shops through “equity-for-lease” to obtain rent and investment revenues.
The tax-free shop at San Phoenix Airport became operational in December 2020, and the subsidiary (49%) of Hainan Airport has a tax-free shop with premises for rent and investment purposes. The tax-free shop has a planned area of approximately 6,800 square metres, and the first and third phases of the project have been opened.
About 1,800 square metres, the second phase of the project has completed the relevant licensing, recruitment and renovation work and is moving forward with the approval of tax-exempt business qualifications; the second phase of the French Gardens project will be opened with a threefold increase in the size of the tax-free operation, combined with the expansion of the t3 terminal.
In December 2020, the first phase of the project opened, with an area of about 800 square metres: in December 2022, the third phase opened, with an additional area of about 1,000 square metres.
An additional two-phase French garden duty-free complex, approximately 5,000 square metres, is 2.7 times the area currently in operation, and the clearance of tax-exempt products is currently being advanced, with clearances and clearances. Meanwhile, the Hainan Airport Group and the company are moving forward.
The construction of the t3 terminal is planned for the end of November 2023. The opening of the second phase and the expansion of the t3 terminal will result in a substantial increase in the tax-free operating space and increase the rent and investment earnings of San Phoenix Airport.
Burberry, Prada, Moncler, Zegna, emilechouriet, dewar's and many wristwatches, wine brands, water brands, etc., further expand to higher-end areas and meet the high-end duty-free purchase needs of departing passengers. As the brand matrix is perfected and the shopping environment is improved, the San Phoenix Airport tax-free stores are sold.
The company holds a 49% share in the Melanes Airport tax-free shop and earns investment gains through equity participation.
In December 2011, the tax-free shop became operational and currently consists of a tax-free airport at the Melanes Airport at Haiguchi, t1 and t2 terminal, with East Street, Middle Street, West Street, operated jointly by Hainan Airport and China, with 49% of the company ' s business participation in Hainan Island. The tax-free shop operates mainly under the line-up model, operating in 45 categories approved by the state.
Tax-free goods, covering more than 300 internationally recognized high-end brands, profits. Tax-free stores at Seaport Melan Airport received $3,866 million, $4,530 million and $2,232 million in 2020-2022, benefiting from a lower rate of deduction, with net interest rates of 13.65 per cent, 13.13 per cent and 4.09 per cent, respectively.
Hainan Airport received investment returns of 259 million yuan, 290 million yuan and 45 million yuan, respectively. In 2021, from the United States, this share fell 84 per cent in year-on-year terms, to just $45 million, mainly because of land concessions and the increased impact of the epidemic, which was a non-recurrent event.
The impact of the epidemic has subsided, and airport passenger flows have been robustly warming to provide the basis for a recovery in duty-free consumption. In 2017-2019, passengers topped 23 million times at Meran Airport; in 2020-2021, passengers topped 17 million times, only about 70 per cent before the epidemic; and in 2022, including South China.
In many parts of the country, outbreaks of disease have been repeated, with tight containment policies, and passenger traffic falling to ice points, reaching only 11.16 million, less than half of the pre-epidemiological rate. With the outbreak ending in 2023, passenger traffic rebounded rapidly, and Meran airport accumulated over the past quarter, with 44872 flights completed, 648.24 million passenger traffics and 79 per cent passenger occupancy rates.
High-end consumption is more resilient than expected, with tax-free sales rising back in the course of the epidemic, which is expected to continue to rise further after liberalization. With the launch of the New Deal off the island, and the opening of the second phase of the United States Airport, in 2020-2021.
Although there has been a decline in the traffic, the sales earnings of duty-free shops have risen to $2.8 billion and $3.8 billion, respectively; they fell to $2.2 billion in 2022, influenced by force majeure factors such as wide-area closures. American airports are tax-free, hundreds of millions of dollars, displaying great resilience. As the closures have been liberalized, the consumer scene has returned, dominated by high-end consumer goods.
Many international shipping routes have been restored, and new freight routes have increased the timeliness of commodity entry and facilitated the supply of goods. With regard to international passenger and freight routes, Meran Airport has been restored to Hong Kong, Macao, Bangkok, Singapore, Phnom Penh during the first quarter of the year.
There are five international and regional passenger routes, of which Hong Kong routes are encrypted to 16 per week, and Bangkok routes are encrypted to 4 per week. In addition, Meran Airport opened its first regular shipping route in February, and Singapore-Hong Kong-Door freight routes in March.
Transportation of goods, further broadening the direct access to the Hainan Ex-Island tax-free goods, and addressing the large number of duty-free goods through wide-scale deep-down import closures that lead to low time limits, shorter time-line sales of duty-free new products, and better tourism consumption in China. There is sufficient potential for tax-free operations to expand and continue to grow in real terms.
The airport is a free-of-charge commercial zone, with approximately 3,600 square metres in 2012 and 12,000 square metres in 2018, and 9587 square metres in real business. The airport was officially launched in December 2021 in the second phase of Meran Airport and opened simultaneously with the airport ' s t2 tax-free shop, with an area of 9313 square metres.
About 17.9 million square metres of duty-free areas have been opened, with sufficient supply-side potential to match the growing 3.4 Seagate Sun and Moon Square: a high-quality business complex in the core business circle, two major off-island duty-free shops, optimized rates to stimulate market dynamism
Seagate Moon Square's cap-to-correspondent conglomerate, which houses two major tax-free stores in Sea Control's Global Finety Free City and Sea Control's Global Precision Free, provides duty-free operating space and earns rent revenue. Seagate Moon Square's total area contributes $270 million a year.
At the core, the perimeter gathers high-end commercial hotels, 5a-class writing buildings, mature homes, libraries, museums, etc., with high-standard city packages, all within 30 minutes from the airport in Milan, the new seaport terminal, the high-speed railway station around the island, and the high-speed drive around the island.
In 2021, the total tax-exempt and tax-earning income of the malls rose to $10.5 billion, compared with an increase of 24 million in 2022 and 10 per cent in 2022, compared to 2021.
The company plans to build a high-end, tax-free tourism and consumption centre in Hainan plaza with duty-free retailing, high-end retailing, fine foods, fashion sports, family parents, cultural entertainment engines.
The subsidiary Hainan Island Business (the company's main operator of tax-exempt and business operations) signed a supplementary agreement with the Global Precision (Seaport) to adjust the contract for the rental of the gate of the Square of the Sun and Moon, changing the monthly turnover from 8 per cent to 3 per cent, on the basis of maintaining the annual base rent of 48 million constants, and in relation to the category of products for apples.
In March 2023, in mid-March 2023, a new round of monthly rentals was released, with a new lease period from November 2021 to December 2025 (50 months), and the rental calculation rule was divided into four phases, of which the monthly rental rate for the period from 1 November 2021 to 30 April 2022 was divided into four phases.
At present, the rent deduction rate for the two tax-free shops has been adjusted to 3 per cent, and more reasonable deductions have helped to stimulate the market dynamism of the duty-free shops, promote their increase in size and achieve a price-for-money long-term.
4.1 Real estate business: Traditional real estate business has been de-drawn well, promoting the resumption of stock sales The transformation has been actively pursued to “de-realize” and plans to withdraw completely from traditional real estate business. Hainan Airport has undergone a number of major changes in its development, with the company registered as “Hanan” during its first business transformation in 2017.
Since then, the company's layout of the property plate has been derived from land acquisition, development of the property development and construction of vacant industrial parks, and commercial rental of dwellings.
Real estate revenue has declined, with no new areas of work opened in 2021 and 2022. In terms of area of work started, policies, combined with the impact of the epidemic and corporate restructuring, have reduced real estate income by 71% in the same year under multiple pressures.
The ratio declined to 25% in 2022; as the impact of the epidemic weakened and the policy eased, the real-estate market warmed up, received positive digestion of stock projects, and moved to an empty business strategy. As of 2022, the company had 23 ongoing construction and storage projects with an area of more than 6,500 acres.
The project resumed work, actively sold inventory property, promoted the development of the Great Britain Hills region, and managed an investment-based property project. At the same time, the company actively optimized its asset structure, transformed its real estate business into an off-the-shelf operation, developed construction and its own airport resources in the East China Free Trade Area (SFTA), improved integrated air access services, and assisted nuclear power.
In addition, to enrich the structure of the vacant industry, it has gradually expanded to the second-line cities of the country, covering several provinces, such as Tianjin, Shanghai, Wuhan, and air bases, accompanied by writing buildings, shops, apartments, warehouses, hotels, etc.
4.2 Aerial operations: Integration of upstream and downstream synergetic development and the construction of industrial ecology around airports The air industry cluster provides opportunities for integrated development of the off-the-shelf economy. The off-air economy is centred on the airport, integrating multiple resources, leading to production, technology, capital, trade in adjacent areas of airports and along the corridors of airports.
The air economy usually consists of four types of industry: 1) the industry that serves the aeronautical hub: airport facilities, airlines and customs, quarantine inspections, logistics, etc.
2) Aeronautical transport and logistics services industry: includes the transport of sophisticated, fresh and fresh items, rescue air transport, air hotel industry for air passenger services; 3) air transport-oriented processing manufacturing and services: including acillary processing industries for aviation logistics, manufacturing of aeronautical tools and supplies, and high and new technologies for air transport.
The arts industry, as well as international business services, exhibitions, aviation competitions, etc. (4) Regional headquarters of companies whose research, development and management are the main players: with the maturity of the open economy, a large amount of human, material and information is gathered in the off-the-shelf economic zone, and the improvement of high-shelf office facilities attracts a constant concentration of the company ' s regional headquarters into the off-the-shelf economic zone.
In 2018, the company began to shift the focus of its real estate operations towards the development of an off-the-shelf property park, the access of airport airport resources to land on-air resources, and the development and operation of air off-air industry support projects in the vicinity of the airport to promote the off-air industry.
Complementarity with the main functions of the airport. Currently, the company’s air travel industry includes the Wuhan Airfield Industrial Park, the Sanya Bonded Logistics Base (type b), the One-Stop Aircraft Maintenance Base at the Melanes Airport (share participation), which covers the air base, accompanied by writing buildings, shops, apartments, warehouses, hotels, etc., and continues to improve the chain of up-and-down shipping and shipping industries.
In 2020, the company’s subsidiaries increased the amount of $2.5 billion in naval technology to improve the layout of the industry-wide chain related to the air-traffic industry, such as aircraft repair, aviation maintenance training, and the sale of shipping materials.
In May 2022, the company entered into a strategic partnership with the East New Zone Authority of Haiguchi to build an economic platform at the airport, improve the upstream and downstream industrial chain, and promote the landing of the platform. The projects are now well under way, and the framework for the industrial chain is being developed.
4.3 Property business: The Hainan Plumbing is the largest PMS company in Hainan Island, building good branding power, and the company owns Hainan Plumbing, the largest Plumbing Plumbing Company in Hainan Island, investing in the “Three Industries, Two Systems” industry.
Quality management, environmental management of IS014001, etc. Review of the standard system, focusing on the three branches of the Airfield Industrial Park, the Public Enterprise Unit, the Residential Commercial Writing Building, and the layout of the two systems: catering services, asset management services.
In 2022, Hainan was placed under the title “Hong Kong House” for the fourth time in 2022, and was evaluated for the title “The Chinese food industry sector represents the brand.” Property services contributed steadily to the collection, and the quality of services continued to improve the quality of branding.
The impact of the deep adjustment, which slowed down in 2022 the rate of expansion of real estate, the rate of income growth and the rate of increase in the size of the pipeline, is still on the trend. In 2022, companies managed 163 projects with an area of more than 16 million square metres; property contributed $713 million, with 15.16 per cent of the revenue, a steady complement to the main business;
Operational control indicator, 80.64 per cent customer satisfaction throughout the year, 100 per cent closure of complaints and no issuance