Researchchand developmentcenter Deep Farming Airport + duty-free operation, in conjunction with the construction of Hainan Freeport
- Hainan Airport (600515). First-time coverage report Hainan Airport (600515.sh): Deep-farming airport plus duty-free operation, in conjunction with the construction of Hainan Port of Self-Trade
In 2021, the company's bankruptcy reorganization process was successfully implemented, with the company holding shareholders changing to Hainan Province.
It's the largest capital platform, Hainan, officially integrated into Hainan's national capital system. The company's opening is based on an airport, with tax-free commercial property, real estate hotel services on both sides, and a new "one two-wing two-engine" business pattern with two main engines: empty and capital.
The company achieved income and net return profits of $4.701 billion and $1,856 million, respectively, with the same ratio for airport operations: San Phoenix airport assets were of high quality, and the seventh flight granted the highest degree of freedom to the domestic air hub in Hainan. The company managed the export of 11 airports through holding + participation + management, and airport operations in 2021.
The rate of revenue and Māori contribution was about 35 per cent, of which: 1) San Phoenix Airport is a company core capital, accounting for about 90 per cent of the airport ' s fleet operations in 2022, the flow of passengers has recovered rapidly since 2023, the profitability is expected to improve, and when the t3 terminal and the supporting projects are completed, Phoenix Airport is fully insured.
10 airports in the province, with more than 3 million passengers in 2019, while the rest of the airports are currently duty-free: high-quality traffic entrances to the cards and deep involvement in duty-free off-island operations. The company participates in five off-island duty-free shops in the form of equity investments and space rentals, with about 75 duty-free sales on the 2022 line.
49 per cent of the equity of the airport duty-free shop, with investment returns of 290 million square metres in 2021 and 45 million square metres in 2022, with over 500 registered brands and a continuous expansion of the supply of refined goods; 2) company participation in the San Phoenix airport tax-free shop through equity + leasing, contributing investment returns and rental income in 2021
The share of circulation a (%) is 0.077 million yuan. Phoenix Airport is about 180,000 square metres open, and by the end of 2023, Phoenix Airport is expected to have an additional 0.5 million square metres and multiple brands of fine products, which are expected to be Phoenix.
Airport tax-free shops make a significant increase in their contribution: 3) Own high-quality property, Day Moon Square, located in Haiguchi City, practice No. 150052211002 English Hill cbd, providing tax-free space rental for China-Japan, Sea-controlled global excellence, Sea Island 2022
Business realizes tax-free shop rent of $91 million, and as the level of tax-free commercial deductions returns to market, the company is expected to work with tax-exempt vendors to make large tax-free sales and win-win profits; 4) there are three duty-free lift points and Phoenix Airport collected tax-free rental revenue in 2022
Real estate operations: Traditional property operations are phased out and active expansion of open-air industry development is taking place. 1) The company continues to move forward with derealization, generating 2,073 million in 2022, while at the same time building up high-quality stock projects, with the priority project Hainan Centre expected to be operational by the end of 2026
Camp, which is expected to become a new landmark at Hainan Free Trade Port; 2) company-owned property rentals are dominated by Haiguchi City, with a total rental revenue of $337 million in 2022, of which $188 million is generated from the square: 3) from 2018, the company has gradually shifted the focus of its real estate operations to open-air estates.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., promoting complementarities between the off-the-shelf industry and airport master functions and establishing joint ventures and cooperation platforms, cindasecuritiesco., Ltd.
On the other hand, in Beijing's west-town area, Beijing City is the first building of the 9th House of the City Front, the Hainan airport is located in Hainan, the largest property service provider in Hainan Island.
Focusing on three major high-quality industries + two service systems, there are a total of 163 management projects with more than 16 million square metres of management space. The market for corporate property is being expanded mainly to include high-quality industries and projects such as airline airport parks, government enterprises, residential commercial writing buildings, and catering services and capital.
The company, as an important participant in the construction of the Hainan Freeport, is expected to benefit from the policy and development dividend and to take good care of the company's airport and tax-free operations in the long term.
The airport and tax exemption will be the main business, and will gradually be converted to real estate, with Shanghai airport, White Cloud airport, Shenzhen airport, and Greivian property selected as comparable companies, 47 times the average in 2023. We look forward to the company’s airport and duty-free operations being accompanied by the continued growth of the Hainan self-trade port.
The main business is clear, deep-drawing airports and duty-free operations are being built in conjunction with the Hainan Free Trade Port. Hainan airport, which has been established since its inception, has undergone several changes, and has been involved in real estate, airports, and exemptions since 2016, when major asset restructuring was completed.
Tax operations based on Hainan, with a gradual deep layout; in 2021, the company was brought back to bankruptcy and integrated into China’s national capital. Looking ahead, the company will focus on servicing Hainan’s self-trade port, starting with the airport’s main business, with free commercial property, real estate hotel services on both sides, and a “one-two-by-two” engine driven by bare capital and capital.
The company’s business indicators have been rapidly recovering for 23 years, looking forward to the year and beyond, and the company’s revenue and profitability are expected to be restored on the same scale.
(a) High, there has been a marked increase in the number of business performance indicators in the airport industry, with a 50 per cent increase in the overall Māori rate in the company as a whole, and a 7 per cent increase in passenger traffic at Phoenix Airport as of the end of May 23rd compared to the same period in 19th year, with the airport operating elasticity period;
23q1 Hainan Island, with an increase of 18 to 16.9 billion yuan in tax-free sales on the same basis, is expected to benefit the company significantly while the potential for tax-free business growth remains to be released. The 2301 company achieved a return of 1,259 million yuan/+6 per cent and a return net profit of 233 million yuan.
As far as airport operations are concerned, the company holds a 77 per cent stake in its high-quality assets at San Phoenix Airport, which in 2022 contributed about 90 per cent to the company ' s fleet, Phoenix Airport, which is one of the two core airports in Hainan Island, received more than 20 million passengers in 2019 and, with the spread of the disease, the flow of passengers at Phoenix Airport in the first five months of 2023 exceeded the same period in 2019.
Ping, the revenue level and profitability of Phoenix Airport is expected to improve significantly, thus significantly boosting the company’s airport operations’ revenue and profitability. Moreover, we believe that the implementation of the Phoenix Airport Minority Equity Integration Project, the construction of the Phoenix Airport t3 terminal, and the continuation and acceleration of the Seventh Shipping Authority policy are key to the company’s airport business growth potential.
With regard to duty-free operations, the company has been deeply involved in off-island duty-free operations by participating in two major airports + rent-in depths + Sunday squares, with high-quality traffic access. With warmer passenger flow, free shop operating space, and continued brand supply, the company is expected to share further tax-free growth dividends from off-islands; in addition, rationalization of the level of cut-off points, marketization, etc.
In the case of real estate, while the company is gradually withdrawing from its traditional real estate business, it is expected to keep the quality stock project on track while gradually shifting its development focus towards a emptied economy, with a winding-down of the industrial chain and an active expansion of the emptiness.
In the area of property business, the company is host to the largest industry service provider on the island, mainly expanding the airline airport industry, parks, government enterprises, residential commercial writing buildings, etc.
Quality practices and projects of the same effect, both income and profit ends, are well developed.1 Hainan airport: recommenced, national funds introduced, focus on airports plus duty-free, sailing 1.1, deep participation in the construction of Hainan Freeport, opening up a new "one two-wing two-engine" pattern
In 2021, the company’s bankruptcy reorganization process was successfully completed, and the first full year of formal integration of Hainan airport into the country’s capital stock was the first full year.
As of 31 December 2022, the company held 11 holdings and managed the airport for export, with the company holding the stock of the San Phoenix Airport, which in 2022 ranked 21st all over the country in terms of passenger traffic: participation in 5 tax-free shops in Hainan, in the form of equity investments, self-owned property rentals; 23 construction and land reserve projects, with an area of over 6,500 acres; and management.
(a) Property projects totalling 163 and managing an area of more than 16 million square metres; five self-owned, commissioned hotels, with a total of nearly 2,000 guest rooms, were followed by progressive involvement in real estate, tax exemptions, airports, etc.;
(a) Chenglong (2018-2020): In 2018, with the policy and market opportunities of Hainan Free Trade Island, dedicated efforts to build “China's leading integrated services developer in the air industry” around the airport and accompanying core resources;
(a) At the end of 2021, the company's bankruptcy was brought to a halt, and the Henan Province's largest corporate, Hainan Development Holdings, became corporate-controlled by day, with the official name changed on 26 October;
The current business structure focuses mainly on airports and duty-free real estate operations. Since this year, the company’s business indicators have recovered rapidly, looking ahead to the year and beyond, the company’s income and profitability are expected to be repaired on the same scale, and the airport’s operations are resilient.
In time, tax-free operations are expected to continue to benefit from the increase in the tax-exempt policy dividend from the island and in the trend towards warmer consumption. Income and cost-segregated calibres have been adjusted to recategorize the related income, such as tax-exempt and business-owned property leases. Cost has been reclassified to real estate operations, with real estate operations accounting for 44 per cent, tax-exempt and business accounting for 6 per cent, and property management operations accounting for 6 per cent.
The company’s management is deep-rooted and experienced in management. The president of the company, Yang Xiaobin, served as a number of core airport executives, and the board secretary, Huang Wei, Vice-President Aoi, has a wealth of management experience and outstanding professional skills, with more than 10 years of experience in airport management, finance management, property management, and real estate management.
1.2. Equity structure: After the re-establishment of the Hainan State Finance Commission, the holding shareholders and the assets invested in the war in the south, the Hainan State Finance Commission became the real controller. During the re-establishment of the maritime navigation group, the airport plates were purchased by the sea at a cost of $11 billion in cash, of which $3.3 billion a share in the sea navigation base was obtained at a price of $8.55 billion.
Eventually, 2.8 billion shares, or approximately 24.51% of the total stock, were actually obtained; 56% of the fleet was acquired by the Naval Consortium, which is responsible for the airport’s operating plates. The Hainan National Investment Commission, which holds 90% of the shares in the China Development Control, has direct control over the development of the sea, thereby turning it into the company’s actual controller.
Hainan Airport belongs to Hainan Province Development Holdings Limited (the largest platform under the auspices of the Hainan State Finance Committee), and the company Holdings changed to Hainan Province Development Holdings Limited, the largest national capital platform in Hainan Province, and formally integrated into the Hainan State Treasury.
To achieve high-quality development by building on synergies in airport management, duty-free commerce, etc., Figure 3, Hainan Airport Equity Structure (up to 2023q1)
Hainan Province Treasury, Shipping Industries Group Limited, Shipping Infrastructure Investment Group
Hainan Province Development Holdings Ltd. Sea Navigation Foundation Holdings Group Ltd. Hainan Airport Facility Inc.
I'm selling a cartoon at the South China Sea.
Changchun City Honda Realty, South China Sea Business Hotel, San Phoenix International Airport.
The Henan Hostel Hotel, Tianjin City.
Summer's investment in Hong Kong, Hainan Property Management Group, Tianjin's Intel Investment
Airborne development 1.3. Financial data for China South: income upswinging to growth point with continuous repair of performance on a year-on-year basis
The annual growth in corporate revenue, which fell sharply between 2019 and 2021, increased both in terms of the spread and the high net return profits. Figures 4 and 2017-2022 show the growth rate of corporate revenue (millions of yuan).
The airport business became the company's main business, and the real estate business was phased out. On the revenue side, the company's real estate business contributed to corporate income, from 2018 to 2021, the “de-realization” strategy worked, the real estate business rents were transferred to real estate in 2018, and the real estate business rents were increased by the same year; on the Māori side, from 2020 onwards.
Thus, as a result of the collapse and collapse of the epidemic, the gross profits of the company have been falling year by year, with a clear decline in the profitability of real estate operations, airport operations becoming an important pillar of corporate profits, and the Māori contribution of airport operations, tax exemptions and business operations in 2021 were 35.4 per cent and 27.8 per cent, respectively, looking forward to the future, with the continued release of tax-exempt policy dividends from the island, the company ' s airport operations,
After completion, net corporate interest rates were significantly restored to 42 per cent, an increase of 32 pct over the previous year.2 Airport operations: high asset quality, with the seventh-way entitlement granted to the national air hub in Hainan up to its own.
2.1. Operational overview: high-quality company airport assets, with San Phoenix airport as the core airport. The company ' s airport management operations are divided mainly into aviation operations and non-aeronautical operations, including landing and landing, parking, passenger bridges, passenger services and security checks, and non-aeronautical operations, including extended ground services, duty-free commerce, tax-free commerce, tax-bearing commerce, etc.
The company exports 11 airports through holding + participation + management. 1) The seven airports held by the company include, inter alia, San Phoenix Airport, Chuanhai Bojong Airport, An Qing Tianshan Airport, Tangshan San Women's River Airport, Nanjing Airport, camp entrance
Lanfung Airport, Manchuria Suburb Airport: 2) participation in 2 airports: the company managed the export of 2 airports through its subsidiaries at Yichang San Gorge Airport, Toshio Victory Airport: 3) the company conducted its work towards Matsuhara Chagan Lake Airport, Sansha Yonghing Airport.
At the end of the income spectrum, the airport registered a year-on-year rise in revenue from 2017-2019, an outbreak in 2020 and the appearance of the airport at Yichang, which slowed the growth of the airport: airport operations resumed in 2021 compared to 2020, adding down revenues from real estate operations.
As a result of the fall in corporate corporate revenues, the share of airport operations has risen significantly to 35%. At the profit end, we expect normalization to occur during the month of Henan airport, with 60.8 million landings, passengers' throughput, mail throughput, 9.2746 million, 538,000 tons, an increase of 56 per cent, 91 per cent, 32 per cent, respectively, with production and operations targets being significantly revised.
By 28 May 2023, San Phoenix Airport had transported passengers more than 2022 (95.14 million) and 9,527,000 (106.7 per cent) and recovered to 2019; Qing Tianhu, Tangshan, San Niang, Kano, Kamai Lan, Manchuri Rixi, Joohai Bohing) and managed two outlet airports (Songwon Chagan Lake Airport, Sansha).
By the end of 2019, the existing terminal at San Phoenix Airport was 107,000 square metres. The San Phoenix Airport closure project was progressing steadily.
The construction project completed the upgrade and commissioning of the security access to the T1 terminal; (b) by the end of May 2023, the overall expansion of the international terminal had progressed by more than 90 per cent, with the planned re-engineering of the international terminal in June with the capacity for international flight security; and (c) the construction of the t3 terminal and accompanying project was expected to commence in 2023, with the construction of the post-Zan Phoenix airport as a whole for passenger security.
In 2022, they accounted for about 90 per cent of the airport's plate business. In 2017-2019, they remained at around $1.4 billion, accounting for 80 per cent of the airport's plate, and in 2022, they accounted for 80 per cent of the total.
The airport generated 938 million yuan and contributed about 90 per cent to the airport operations. Between 2017 and 2019, the San Phoenix airport experienced a steady increase in passenger traffic, landings, and cargo movements, with the impact of the epidemic sliding down passenger flows and landings in 2020. In 2022, the San Phoenix airport was hit by repeated outbreaks of disease throughout the country, particularly in the south of the country, with aircraft landings and landings.
765,000 sorties were flown, 9.51 million passengers and 63,300 tons by mail, which is 34 per cent, 43 per cent and 39 per cent, respectively, in 21 years.
Figure 13, Triple Phoenix Airport cargo traffic (tonnes) and speed of increase, 2017-2022
In 2017-2018, San Phoenix Airport contributed significantly to the profits of the airport, which fell sharply under the impact of the epidemic, bringing up a high debt guarantee and a large reduction in the value of the bill for the maritime fleet and its associates, with a sharp decline in the performance of the San Phoenix Airport in 2020; and in 2021, with a sharp decline in the performance of the San Phoenix Airport.
On 28 May of that year, San Phoenix Airport had 9,527,000 passenger arrivals, exceeding its total for the entire year of 2022, a 6.7 per cent increase compared to 2019, and the profitability of the San Phoenix Airport was expected to be repaired.
Data on volume, postage, drop-off and drop-off were obtained from the Chinese Civil Aviation Authority and from the Sanya City Bureau of Statistics. Tax-related revenues from Phoenix Airport amounted to $139 million, or approximately 15 per cent of the revenues from Phoenix Airport. In 2022, the San Phoenix Airport earned 938 million yuan, of which 612 million yuan, or 65.3 per cent, from non-aerial operations.
In terms of composition, non-aerial operations in 2022 consisted of rental operations with revenues of 140 million yuan (excluding tax-exempt related revenues of 100 million yuan, tax-exempt points site-related revenues of 63 million yuan, etc.) which were repeatedly affected by the epidemic, and tax-free shop rent receipts in 2022 decreased by 37.70 per cent in the same year as in 2021.
At the end of 2021, the company held an indirect share of 74.53% of the equity of San Phoenix Airport, and in 2022, the company obtained a third share in the bankruptcy reorganization process.
The company’s interest in Phoenix Airport has risen to 77.36% under the registered capital. The company is currently actively studying how to further increase its interest in Phoenix Airport, which is a central asset in the company’s airport section.
2.3. Other airports: the layout covers 10 airports in the eight provinces of the country, while small and medium-sized airport operations are steadily advancing.
His airport is concentrated in developing regions and low-line cities, with limited passenger fluids. In terms of the size of the passenger flow, the airport is a relatively large airport for passengers in other airports under the company’s flag, with more than 3 million passengers in 2019: the rest of the airport has less than 1 million.
The airport management company, the rest of which is the airport company, has made steady progress in small and medium-sized airport operations, and has demonstrated its professional management capacity. In terms of innovation, the Kui Chang Gorge airport is market-oriented and promotes non-aerial operations, with recurrent outbreaks of disease.
In June of 2022, the re-enactment of the tri-gorges began to operate, and during the expansion, branding was synchronized, with the introduction of 30 national and international local brands, with a high sales rate of 94%, and the overall rate of return for shopkeepers was 16% higher than the estimated price: the number of businesses affected by the epidemic reduced their advertising, and the Tri-Gorge machines in 2022.
In May 2022, the Three Gorges entered into a partnership with the Middle and Free Group to expand the growth point for the airport ' s non-aerial business by creating interactive activities to promote the use of air ports, cdf members, etc.
Based on capacity building, the T2 terminal at the Ichang Three Gorge Airport was inaugurated on 23 June 2022, and the new terminal at An Qing Airport was officially inaugurated on 18 July 2022; the second floor of the terminal was upgraded in an orderly manner at the Xianjin Airport, where the passenger isolation area was increased by 90 per cent and the passenger security was largely met by 1.5 million a year.
The quality of airport management under the company’s flag is internationally certified and the quality of service is highly recognized, as measured by industry certification, including the four-star skytrax airport in 2022, the San Phoenix airport on the outskirts of Manchuria, and the San Phoenix aircraft.
The first of four categories of the Federation Civil Aviation Authority's “Safe Civil Aviation” test was awarded by the International Airports Association, the 96th Best Global Airport in Skytrax. 2.4. Looking forward: the construction of New Airports and Phoenix Airports on the island is continuing, and the seventh voyage is expected to accelerate down.
In June 2022, the Hainan Province's 14th Five-Year Integrated Transport Plan explicitly accelerated the advance of the Sanya New Airport project, aimed at early clearance and construction during the 14th Five-Year Plan. In 2019, passengers at San Yingh International Airport had swallowed up to 2016 million times, nearly three of the expanded Post-Year Brigades.
The construction of Sanya's new airport is expected to reduce production pressure at Phoenix Airport, release better supplies for tourism in Hainan, and promote the development of Sanya tourism and air-visit industries. In February, a report on the work of the city's government in Jonglei states that it is planned to expedite the completion of the open port inspection of Bojong Airport in 2023.
(b) In the same month, the Bojian airport master plan was revised and approved by the Central-South Regional Authority for Civil Aviation. The Hainan Province “14th Five-Year Comprehensive Transport Plan” explicitly proposed an orderly upgrading of the feeder airport to speed up the pre-construction of the airport in Quanzhou.
In April 2023, the project for the construction of new airports in Lianzhou and Orientale is also in the process of being located. We believe that, as the airport system in the island is improved and improved, the company is expected to better absorb the dividends of the increase in passenger flows and cargo traffic under the construction of the South China Trade Port, and the company’s airport volume is expected to be higher.
In line with the operational and developmental needs of Phoenix Airport, and in order to further enhance its security capabilities, San Phoenix Airport will focus on the t3 terminal and its accompanying projects, with an overall investment of about $3 billion to $4 billion. The map and land planning indicators for the t3 terminal were published in April 2023.
With the completion of the package, it is expected that the production security capacity of San Phoenix Airport will be improved to 27-30 million times per year for passengers as a whole.
In September 2020, the Civil Aviation Authority issued the Hainan Free Trade Port Pilot Open Seventh Shipment Implementation Program, which encourages and supports designated foreign air carriers to operate passengers and cargoes in Hainan in addition to the existing airway arrangements.
Right to transport, on a pilot basis, to open the seventh voyage, i.e., international airlines can open routes from Hainan to other parts of the country without returning to their home country, open to the highest possible level beyond our existing bilateral navigational arrangements, granting maximum freedom to inland air traffic hubs. In addition, the port of Hainan Free Trade is open to passenger and cargo traffic, while Singapore, Singapore, Singapore, Singapore,
The port of departure in Dubai is open only to individual countries and only to the United States of America in the Central American agreement is our right to ship the United States cargo for the seventh voyage. At the same time, Hainan ' s right to the seventh voyage is not subject to the reciprocal opening of other countries for the seventh voyage, it is open to one-way, autonomous or the highest level of global access to the free-trade port.
In the light of overseas experience, cargo and passenger traffic at Hainan Airport is expected to increase at an accelerated rate after the seventh shipping rights policy has landed. Open shipping rights are conducive to improving connectivity between Hainan and the global air network, Hong Kong and Singapore are implementing a right-of-occupancy policy that includes the right to ship the seventh shipment, Hong Kong's trade transport at the port of Hong Kong is shifting from primarily by shipping to greater reliance on air transport in 2019.
The port airport, with 4.8 million tons of cargo throughput, has been the largest global cargo through nine consecutive years, accounting for 42% of Hong Kong’s total foreign trade, and the Singapore airport has become the world’s eighth largest cargo hub. With the opening of the seventh shipping route in Hainan, and the restoration and encryption of the international shipping route in Hainan, the volume of international passenger and cargo traffic in South China is expected to continue to rise.
In April 2023, the Hainan Province Transport Office indicated that this year Hainan would launch a programme to secure the early arrival of the Seventh Shipping Rights Policy.3 Tax-free business: participation in investment + providing rent-sharing for tax-free growth dividends off the island
3.1. Operational profile: Deep layout of two major airports + Sun City Square, card-grade high-quality flow entrances Equity investment + site rental participation in five off-island duty-free shops with a combined sales share of more than one fifth. 1) Share-in investment: off-island tax exemption, with companies holding 49 per cent of each share in the Seaport American Airport exemption store and the San Phoenix airport duty-free shop at the port point of entry.
In terms of tax exemption, the company holds 50 per cent of the share exemption in the Hainan Sea, two air terminal duty-free stores at Meran Airport, Phoenix Airport and seven aircraft duty-free shops covering 67 international routes; 2) rental of premises: 1 duty-free shop: the company provides tax-free stores at San Phoenix Airport through its own property, tax-free stores at the Red Shirt Square, and free goods at Sea Control Global.
Three duty-free shops in the tax city offer rent-free premises: two point-to-point leases: company-owned airports at San Phoenix Airport, Joan Hae-bok Airport, and self-held maritime squares at Sun-Day for duty-free operators.In 2022, the company invested in and provided space renters through equity participation in duty-free sales from the island.
Five offshore duty-free shops with a total of about $7.5 billion, representing about 21.5 per cent of the 12 duty-free stores in Hainan Island.In terms of the off-island rent-free area, as of 2022, the company provided 7.19 million floors of duty-free rent off the island.
Me, accounting for about 17.5 per cent of the duty-free area off the island during the same period (more than 400,000 square metres), with self-owned property offerings of 5.4 million square metres and equity investment companies of 17.9 million square metres; with continued progress in the second phase of tax-free operations at Phoenix Airport, it is expected that an additional 0.5 million square metres will be added.
Figure 21. Company participation in tax-exempt business.
Revenue from sales under the line of duty-free shops: $2.18 billion (2022) Investment income: $6.52 million (2022) Investment income: $270,000 (2022)
Operating area of 180,000 square metres, leased area of 3,750 square metres, rental income of 76 million yuan (2022)
Rental income of 63 million yuan (2022), free market in Hainan Island: passenger flow repair plus supply expansion, accelerated release of duty-free consumer demand from the island
The flow of passengers returned rapidly, returning to 101% in the same period in 2019. Since the outbreak control policy was optimized in December 2022, the flow of passengers from Hainan Island has been repaired rapidly, and during the spring season of January 2023, the two main airports and the Straits of Jonglei combined have reached 3.67 million passengers out of the Islands, an increase of 19% from 2019; and 23q1 airports and the Straits of Jonglei combined.
Approximately 9.72 million passenger flows, 101 per cent of the same period in 2019, have been largely restored to pre-epidemiological levels, with the arrival of passenger flow repairs, the onset of the season and a significant recovery in the number of duty-free shopping and sales out of the island. The average daily number of shopping days off the Sea 2301 is 248,000, an increase of 25 per cent, 27 per cent, and 23q1, respectively, over the same period in 21 and 22 years.
The average daily sales tax-free is 187 million yuan, representing an increase of 24 per cent and 15 per cent, respectively, over the same period of 21 years and 22 years. We expect an increase in the size of the market and the continued expansion of the residential brand, while the increase in duty-free sales is not commensurate with the increase in the number of shoppers. We expect a rise in the share of ordinary consumers, structural deficiencies in the supply, and delays in the observation of narrow clients, mainly as a result of the return of 23q1 customers.
To the extent that Hainan’s tax-free potential has not yet been fully released, we still look forward to a year-round increase in tax-free space from Hainan Island. 3.3, Meran Airport Tax-Free Shop: 49% of the equity of the Merland Airport Tax-Free Shop, enjoying the return on investment.
In December 2021, a tax-free shop was opened to operate on a sub-line basis and operated on a monthly basis, operating on the basis of the t1 and t2 terminal, which operated on an area of 0.93 million square metres. From 2020 to 2021, it contributed about $259 million, and from 2022 it was blocked by the outbreak.
Investment gains of $45 million were realized. Figure 26: Hainan Airport investment returns to America Airport (millions of dollars), sales fell sharply in 22 years after the shock of the epidemic, and the flow of visitors has been warmed up for 23 years, looking forward to a backlash.
Air traffic at Lang Airport showed that passengers at Merland Airport remained stable at more than 22 million times in 2017-2019, with the impact of the epidemic, which reached only about 70 per cent in 2019 in 2020-2021, and 46 per cent in 19 in 2022, affected by repeated outbreaks in several major passenger areas and outbreaks in Hainan.
In 2020-2021, the revenue from duty-free stores at American airports went up without a fall in sales, amounting to about $2.8 billion and $3.8 billion, respectively, while in 2022 it fell sharply to $2.2 billion. Shopping people gave us a simulation based on the speed of the flow and the opening of the doors.
The number of duty-free shops at Merland Airport, apart from the number of passengers leaving the island, has continued to expand and still has much potential for upgrading its supply. At the end of the spectrum, the tax-free area has continued to expand since its inception, enjoying the largest airport off-island free trade zone in the country.
In 2012, it was about 3600 square metres, and in 2015, it doubled to 7455 square metres, and as of 2018, the Meran airport was operating simultaneously with the first phase of the official shipment of Merland airport, 9313 square metres of the Melanes airport t2 tax-exempt store.
We believe that the airport still has the potential to expand rapidly at the end of the area, and that it is expected to expand in size through the opening of new areas and the introduction of the corresponding brand. The brand end: over 500 brands have been installed, and the supply of the fine items has been enhanced.
In less than a year on 17 April 2023, the ten major luxury-brand duty-free shops at the airport t2 terminal were completed and opened, with the main openings being Bottegaveneta, burgberry, cartier, ferragamo, Hugoboss, omega, Prada, qeelin, timevallee,
Zegna, with the introduction of about 17 high-end brands, Katia is the only one in the country with a full class of Cartiers, and the supply of duty-free concentrates from Melanes airport has been enhanced and is expected to boost consumer attractiveness and sales and individual prices.
South China Sea Network, China Free Investor Relations, Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre 3.4, Phoenix Airport Tax Free Shop: Lease + Share in the Free Shop at Phoenix Airport
The company participates in the San Phoenix Airport tax-free shop through equity + leasing, and earned nearly $18 million in investment earnings in 2021. The San Phoenix Airport tax-free shop is the owner of the San Phoenix Airport terminal, operating under a business-under-line model, and plans to operate the free-trade shop in an area of approximately 6,800 square metres, with an area of approximately 1,800 square metres (phases I and III) already operating.
In 2021, the tax-free shop at San Phoenix airport contributed investment earnings, rental income was approximately 0.18, rental income was $122 million, and operations were hampered by the outbreak in 2022, resulting in investment gains and rental income of $0.07 billion and $076 million, respectively.
The supply side of the Phoenix Airport has been upgraded and there is wide scope for additional duty-free operations.
In the future, Phoenix Airport will add a two-stage French garden tax-free complex of about 5,000 square metres, which is currently only about 1,800 square metres, with a rapidly expanding capacity at Phoenix Airport, and which is expected to result in a significant increase in tax-free operations through the opening of the two-phase French Gardens project.
Brands: Three editions of branding, which will help to upgrade the attraction of duty-free shopping at Phoenix Airport. Three new editions of the Phoenix Airport tax-exempt, burgberry, Moncler, zegna, emilechouriet, dewar's and many wristwatches, alcoholic brands, and Phoenix Airport tax-exempt products have been significantly expanded to better satisfy the gap.
With the opening of new shops, the introduction of brands of fine brands, it is expected that the price of free stores at San Phoenix Airport will increase even further and that there will be plenty of room for growth. Table 6 provides for the expansion of duty-free shops at San Phoenix Airport.
Figure 35: Introduction of the Triple Phoenix airport brand
Research and Development Centre 3.5. Sun Moon Square: a high-quality commercial complex in downtown Haiguchi, bringing together two large off-island duty-free shops, with a privileged geographical location, tax-free + tax-charted commercial space of about 300,000 square metres, contributed by the Moon Square in 2022.
The rental income is $188 million, and the company is going to rely on duty-free retailing, high-end retailing, fine foods, fashion sports, family members, and cultural entertainment engines to build a high-end duty-free tourism consumption business centre in Hainan, from the port of Hong Kong.
High-end commercial hotels, such as the Hainan Hostel, the 5a level writing building, mature homes, libraries, museums, etc., are equipped with high-level cities, 30 minutes from the airport of Milan, the new seaport terminal, the high railway station around the island, and the high speed around the island, in and out of the country, at the core transport hub;
(b) In terms of revenue collection and passenger fluid volume, the Square was officially opened on 15 December 2016, the first in Hainan Province, and at the same time in two of the two duty-free and most large one-stop shopping centres on the island, an average of three years ago.
Over 22 million arrivals: in 2021, the total tax-exempt and tax-bearing operating income of the mall reached $10.5 billion, an increase of 29 per cent over the same period, with the size of the collection ranking among the top 10 single-stores in the country.
The solar and moon square is located in the middle of the Cbd landscape in Haiguchi City, at a core traffic hub of 480,000 m2, with a combined rental rate of 75.9 per cent (end 2022).
3% (1% deduction rate for other items in addition to 3c digital products, apples etc.) and about 76 businesses (including shopping, catering, leisure, etc.)
The financial community, the Cdf Red Crescent Square tax-free shop, the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, provides rent-a-permit shops for the China-China Red Cross and Red Crescent City, and the China-China-based Global Expedition Free City. The China-Japan Moon Square tax-exempt store: one of the stores opened in January 2019 and the second in 2019.
In June of that year, it was opened with a rental area of 24.9 million square metres, of which 19.5 million square metres were occupied by duty-free shops and entered a global fine-free city of super-sea control: Sea-controlled global fine-free city I, II and III, in January 2021, August 2021 and October 2022, respectively. By the end of 2022, nearly 40,000 square metres had been opened.
The level of deductions has returned to market and is expected to contribute to the growth of duty-free sales with tax-free vendors. 1) December 2022, public apples, etc., 30 digital products. 2) Subsistence rents have been maintained at 48 million yuan/year: 2) in mid-March 2023, and the new monthly store is divided into four phases, with phase I (21.11-22.4) at a fixed monthly rate of 60 yuan/m2 and phase II to IV.
The yield rate has been maintained at 3%, with only a slight difference in the base rent. The current sea-controlled tax-free city, the China-China monthly rental contract, has been adjusted to a 3% cut-off level, and we expect market-based rent patterns and reasonable deduction levels to help expand sales and achieve mutually beneficial co-benefits between companies and tax-exempters.
The number of duty-free points provided by Hainan Airport under the flag of the airport and the mall are cdf Seagate Days and Months, the squares returning to the island point, the San Phoenix Airport point, and the Boone Airport point.
The rental income of the company San Phoenix Airport was US$ 63 million in 2022. The rental income of the lifting point is determined in the form of fixed rents. The tax-free business of the company in the form of rental of premises provided by its own property.
We therefore expect that the location of the tax-exempt “buy-and-take” and “guarantee-and-take” policies in Hainan off the island will not have a significant negative impact on the rental income of the duty-free point.
San Phoenix Airport delivery point, cdf Seagate Moon Square, back to the island point, Boone Airport delivery point.
Revenue from rent from duty-free points in 2021 is $5.7 billion, rent from duty-free points at San Phoenix Airport in 2022 is $63 million, real estate operations: traditional property operations are phased out, and the development of off-the-shelf industries is actively expanded
4.1. Operational profile: Current projects are concentrated in the Hainan region, where “derealization” of the company’s real estate business is continuing. The project’s business is mainly commercial, residential, etc. The company’s real estate business receives income mainly from sale of real estate, rental income from the holding property and related revenues from the Engineering General Contracting Company, as at
At the end of 2022, the company had 23 ongoing construction and land reserve projects with an area of more than 6,500 acres; the company had completed projects with a book value of approximately $10,661 million, consisting mainly of the Haoting series, Hainan Centre, Haiguchi State Swe Building, etc.: the closing balance of investment-related real estate was approximately $13,541 million, including Seagate Moon Square, Hainan Building, Naval Navigation, etc.
In terms of project patterns, the company’s development investment projects and leasing projects are concentrated mainly in commerce, housing, and writing buildings. In terms of project distribution, the company’s projects are concentrated in Hainan Province and are dominated by Haiguchi City, where the sum of the company’s investment in 2022 is about 67%, while the rent is collected.
Sixty-four per cent of the entries were made by the Sea mouth area project, with a total rental income of 337 million yuan in 2022, of which 188 million yuan (56 per cent) was earned in the square in the month of Japan. The company is gradually moving towards derealization and plans to withdraw from its traditional real estate operations.
Fewer, from 62.24 million square metres in 2018 to 13.7 million square metres in 2021, with no additional construction to begin in 2022. The company plans to focus on the open industry and move forward with the transformation of its real estate operations, which will grow as the company moves forward to derealize.
The company’s real estate operations are still partially under way, such as the Hainan Centre, which resumed full work in December 2022, and projects such as the Haoutin South China 5 Project and the Haoutin North Chinaa13, which have been successfully completed.
The main project, which is located in the heart of Mount Cbd at Haiguchi and has a total construction area of about 390,000 square metres, is planned to be a top business exchange platform with a 5a class office, super-five-star hotel, high-level restaurant, high-altitude viewing, etc., with the main building being built at an altitude of 428 metres, which will become the first high-rise building in Hainan; the project is expected to invest approximately $9.778 billion in total, cutting off the project.
By December 2022, about 1,533 million yuan had been invested, and the company is expected to be operational by the end of 2025, when the main structure is capped, and by the end of 2026. Once completed, the project is expected to become the new landmark of the Hainan Free Trade Port, further raising the value of the British Cbd assets and generating a more stable investment return for the company.
Real estate development is focused on a gradual transition to an empty economy, with the top-down and bottom-up industrial chains, where airport operations develop an empty economy and multi-occupational co-development.
The industry that provides direct services, as well as those derived from human flows, logistics, etc. by air; The industry that operates under the company’s flag includes the Wuhan Landing Industrial Park, the Tianjin Landing Industrial Park, the Sanya Tax Logistics Centre (type b), and the One-Stop Aircraft Maintenance Base (share participation) at the Melanes Port.
The development of air parks, the acquisition of off-site real estate resources by means of airport airport resources, the development and operation of off-the-shelf projects in the vicinity of airports, the promotion of complementarities between the off-air industry and airport master functions, and the more visible resource advantages and extensive business experience.
In February 2020, the company formed a joint venture with Tianjin Hari Tianjin Tianjin Hari Enterprise to run the first phase of the integrated development and recruitment of commercial operators in the Toyoyote economic zone; in the same year, the company's subsidiaries increased the amount of $2.5 billion in naval technology to improve the one-stop maintenance base of the US Airport.
(b) In May 2022, the company entered into a strategic partnership with the East New Zone Authority of Haiguchi River to set up an economic platform for airports, to improve the upstream and downstream industrial chain and to promote the landing of the platform.
5. Property management operations: The largest industry service provider in the island, the largest company in the island, the company in Hainan, the largest industry service provider in the island, focuses on three major high-quality industries + two service lines. Corporate property management is now moving towards an integrated model of urbanization, with the market expanding mainly to air airports.
Funds such as industrial parks, political and business establishments, residential commercial writing buildings, etc., have been quickly returned and have been of high quality in terms of their products and projects, as well as a combination of catering services, asset management services and the operational layout of the two main systems, such as the company taking over the Melanes International Airport in Hainan, and the government of the Hainan Bailiwick.
Property operations have grown steadily, with a more stable rate of revenue and Maori. The expansion of the upstream real estate sector has slowed, but the overall growth has been increasing. In recent years, corporate property management has remained at 1,500 square metres and more than 16 million square metres. At the end of the harvest, it has benefited from a more stable number of active projects and management areas.
From 2018 to 2022, the property business was robust and basically maintained at $700-80 million; at the profit end, the property business was more competitive and was expected to work in synergy with real estate and the air industry. Multi-operative synergies: the airport under the flag, 5a writing buildings, commercial complexes, high-end hotels, etc.
The \triangleright industry provides a broad platform for development. The hotel industry interacts favourably with other industries, and is distributed in the heart, core business areas and tourist attractions, actively pursuing the branding of "high-end business" and "off-the-shelf" services.
Improvement of regulatory capacity and quality of services; development of off-the-shelf industries in line with the Hong Kong-City-based integrated development model, committed to becoming an excellent integrated urban service provider; and continuous progress in service levels: companies are gradually monitoring and auditing through the Iso-System Management System, which is satisfactory to clients in 2022
A total of 80.64 per cent, with 100 per cent closure of effective complaints; at the same time, with client experience at the centre, the construction of a digital control system based on the capabilities of professional companies, the construction of diversified industrial chains and the development of a system of intelligent digital transformation and community-based governance.
6. Prospectiveness and investment proposals 6.1. Core assumptions and prognosis 6.1. Looking ahead, the company has established the airport-based industry, with duty-free commercial property and property hotel services as two wings, with the following:
Based on an analysis of business development trends and company competitiveness, we make assumptions about corporate airports, tax exemptions and business, real estate, property management operations:
One hundred million yuan and one hundred and twenty million yuan in non-air revenue from San Phoenix Airport, with other airport revenues divided into 2.5, 3.1, 360 million yuan, and the company ' s airport operations are expected to achieve 1.90 billion dollars in 2023-2025: the company ' s continuous acceleration of stock project development, with a focus on the development of projects such as the Hainan Centre.
Gradual progress towards derealization. We expect the growth rate of the company ' s real estate operations to be 2023-2025 to be in real estate management: the company plans to move from a traditional property model to an integrated urban expansion model, expand its funding, return to larger-scale, higher-quality projects, and build up a multi-industry chain of property, and set up a digital control system.
Other business: The company’s other business consists mainly of hotel business and flying training. In hotel business, the company plans to expand hotel products and improve hotel competitiveness. In flight simulator training, the company will actively deepen its partnerships with existing clients through customer return visits and research, seeking to increase the volume of training and simulations through continuous innovation.
We expect the company to benefit from the policy and development dividends, and we expect the company to enjoy tax and tax exemptions as its main business, and gradually move to real estate. We choose Shanghai Airport, White Cloud Airport, Shenzhen Airport, and Grigley.
Real estate, as a comparable company, is 47 times the average of companype in 2023. We look forward to the company's airport and tax-free operations, which have been accompanied by continued growth in the construction of the Hainan Free Trade Port, covering the first time, with an “enhanced” rating.
Macroeconomic downside risks: Air transport, real estate are closely linked to the macroeconomic situation, and tax-free industries are more affected by the macroeconomic climate, and macroeconomic downside pressures, such as demand contraction, supply shocks, expected weakening, etc.
There is still uncertainty about the pace and strength of the air transport sector, the risk that the flow of passengers may fall short of expectations, airport operations under the company’s flag, and tax exemptions.
Risks associated with operating: rapid recovery of flight loads in the short term or some pressure and risk to the security of airports operating under the company’s flag, while at the same time, the core asset of the company, San Phoenix Airport, in 2019, was 2016 million passengers.
Next, approximately 23 million passengers/years of guaranteed traffic are currently expected, and Phoenix Airport is moving forward with t3 terminal projects and supporting projects, but there may be a risk that production will expand less than expected; and, with the increase in duty-free sector competition from Hainan Island, companies are participating in tax-free shops that do not perform as expected.
Policy risks: The real estate sector is more affected by the country’s macro-regulation policy and the tax-free sector is more sensitive to policy changes. If the country is to ease market access conditions in the duty-free sector in the future, market competition in the tax-free sector will be added to the sales team, serving as Managing Director of the Centre for the Study of Modern Services in 2021.
Deputy General Manager of Hearts. 2nd in 2021 in new wealth zeros, 1st in crystal ball uniforms/retail 1st, joined the Employing Securities Social Services Group after graduation in July of the new year, and joined the new Sinda Consumers Group in November 2022, covering mainly cosmetics, medical beauty, and social services.
Li Bong Jing, Master of Arts in Champagne, University of Illinois, B.A. in Economics, University of Finance and Economics Southwest, November 2022, joined the new Sinda consumer group.
This report has been produced and published by the CVM. The report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed a service agreement with the CVM, and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.