China (601,800): Continuous improvement in asset and liability ratios Stock transfer completed and Zhenhua Heavy Worker no longer included in consolidated statements during the reporting period
The revenue from capital construction, dredging and other operations has increased rapidly, and the revenue from overseas areas has increased markedly.
Over the reporting period, capital construction and other business operating income increased faster, capital construction operating income increased mainly as a result of higher income from overseas engineering, investment-type projects and road currents projects, dredging operations increased mainly as a result of the increased volume of dredging operations in coastal areas and other operations received
The increase was mainly due to the increase in subsidiary trade operations, which led to the combined collection of volumes of China Consignment (601,800) - China Consignment (601,800): investment income belts
The company achieved operating income of $111,126 million in q2, an increase of 7.19 per cent over the same period, net profit of $4,744 billion.
For the reporting period, the Māori rate for the company’s main business was 13.74 per cent, an increase of 0.06 percentage points over the same period; for the sub-business, the Māori rate for the capital construction business, the base construction business, the dredging business and other operations was 13.02 per cent.
The decline in the Māori rate of base-building operations is due mainly to the shrinking of the port capital market and the low level of profitability resulting from the increased revenue contribution of large integrated projects. The decline in Māori rates of dredging operations is due mainly to changes in the market environment and higher prices of raw materials such as fuel.
During the reporting period, the company returned $8.175 billion in net profit to its mother in 2018, an increase of 8.45 per cent over the same period.
The contract amounts to $38,483 million, $23,647 million, $20,12 million and 3,626 million respectively, with port construction, roads and bridges, railway construction, municipalities and rings, and $11,83.34 million, respectively, accounting for 3.71 per cent, 40.94 per cent,
Of the new contracts, $12,571 million (approximately $17,991 million) were awarded for operations originating from overseas areas, accounting for approximately 28 per cent of the company ' s new contracts.
(of which the amount of the contract recognized by the participating project as a proportion of equity is $20.439 billion) represents 15 per cent of the newly signed amount of the group. The number of construction and security contracts that the company expects to be acceptable in the design and construction process is a continuous improvement in the asset liability rate and financial indicators are good.
At the same time, there was an increase in the turnover of inventory and accounts receivable in terms of operational capacity. Cost rates fell to 5.87 per cent during the reporting period, a 2.12 percentage point decrease over the same period.
During the reporting period, new advances and achievements were made in the company's continuous upgrading of the company's capacity for full-chain industrial integration around “one-way” initiatives, such as Africa's “triple-netization” initiative, international productive cooperation and the “six-column multi-port” initiative.
The United States and West and Central Africa are home to 135 national markets worldwide. New contracts of $9,566 million have been signed along the "one-way" route, leading middle-income firms. John Holland, who joined the group in 2015, has made full use of his three major synergies in infrastructure, railways, and housing, benefiting Australia.
Leah’s new round of capital investment opportunities has grown rapidly, with new contracts reaching a record high of $5 billion, and the company’s “one-way” lead sheep status has been further highlighted.
Good performance security and maintenance of an “enhanced” rating; ongoing downside risk of capital investment; risk of price volatility of raw materials; risk in overseas markets; and risk of changes in the international economic and political situation;
The sales team at the peband Academy. The sound of Cho.
Xu Jialine, author with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author's professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author's research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.