Capital operations bottom performance, h2 marginal improvement is expected to accelerate order recovery and project implementation in China.
Table 1: Corporate quarterly financial data 1. Capital-building drives robust overall performance, strong hand orders, h2 orders are expected to recover, and project implementation is accelerated
In the past two years, the boom in capital orders has boosted income growth, thereby driving the overall performance to robust growth as expected. With a significant drop in the number of newly signed single orders affected by capital investment, the number of orders currently in hand is still high, and h2 is expected to recover, project execution banks, ahead of schedule in some areas, and supply-side reforms. With macro-environmental impacts, the company's new contract of 2018h1 is $4.288 billion.
The same increase of 1.7 per cent in Eastern wealth and wisdom was about $7.1 billion, with a significant decline in the billing rate. The number of new capital contracts signed was 381.5 billion, or 89 per cent, which was almost the same as the previous year, and nearly 29.7 billion, which was the main force behind the capital order. As at 30 June 2018, the amount of outstanding contracts was $154.67 billion.
RMB, equivalent to 3.2 times the revenue of 2017, with capital contracts of $14.5 billion, corresponding to 3.44 times the capital revenue of 2017, and orders still in reserve. Since the Political Bureau meeting at 7.31, after confirming a shift in marginal easing, railway investment has returned, DRC approval has accelerated, special debt has accelerated, the western provinces have resumed work has resumed, the market has returned to a high level, capital investment is expected to be built at the end of July and rebounds in August, and orders are expected to be released faster.
The company's new bill is expected to recover on h2. Tighter credit margins and the end of the ppp market clearing, market structure and a return to normality of bank lending after optimal distribution, judging that H2 project implementation will accelerate, with a positive impact on performance and cash flow;
2. The overall level of profitability has risen steadily, with increased operating cash outflows, increased financing cash inflows and a slight increase in the Māori rate, lower time rates and tax rates, and higher credit impairment losses. The overall level of profit has risen steadily: Māori, the source of financial prosperity in the East during the reporting period.
A modest increase of 0.03 pcs over the same period in the previous year was mainly due to the adjustment of accounts in line with the latest accounting standards during the reporting period, with an increase in credit cuts The increase in the pay-as-you-go ratio was greater than the increase in the pay-as-you-go ratio compared to the flow of operating cash. There was a significant increase in the flow of funded cash. The increase in payments over the $2.1 billion period was the result of an increase in cash for purchases of expenditure and the receipt of advances for a number of large projects during the same period last year.
-18.8 billion is a modest gain compared to the same period in the previous year, when the proceeds from the sale of transactional financial assets and the expected steady growth in the performance of the government receiving concession projects. With a slight increase in the Māori rate, lower time rates and tax rates, and higher credit impairment losses, the overall profit level has risen steadily, and the pay-as-you-go ratio has increased more than the cash flow from the transaction. Financial cash inflows have increased significantly.
With a significant decline in the number of new single orders under way, affected by capital investment, H2 is expected to benefit fully from the recovery of capital markets and the acceleration of project implementation.
The source of the financial boom in the East, the forecast of profits in Company 3, the source of the financial boom in the East.
In 2016, he invested in the Tianyang Real Estate industry.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of these information, nor of any change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes. Information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the sale of the securities in question, and any investment made by the investor on that basis.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make easy the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.