Quarterly reports were up to expectations, the commercialization of the network accelerated, the long-term competitiveness rating was higher than the industry average
Corporate fundamentals (RMB) Quarterly report issued on the evening of 17 April, which achieved operating income of 856 million during the reporting period, an increase of 35.29 per cent over the same period, a net return to the mother of 73.98 million, an increase of 4.69 per cent over the same period; membership of January-June 2017
Performance meets expectations, and investment in the development of the marketing system affects profit growth. The company’s profits are growing less rapidly in the first quarter than revenues, mainly because of the company’s 15-year re-engineering of the marketing system and the expansion of marketing staff, which resulted in 70%, mainly from the company’s acquisition of the Enlightenment as Information Technology Limited during the same period in 2016.
Over the course of the year, income is expected to grow by more than 30%, while net profits are expected to grow steadily. Within the system, the development of the largest personalized educational platform in the country has accelerated in 17 years.
The company’s education operations are ranked first in the country in terms of both its provincial and municipal education coverage and its share of the market for information on education in schools, taking over student user and evaluation data through a holistic approach to educational informatization, and integrating online educational content resources to provide personalized teaching services to students;
Future companies will, on the one hand, introduce content resources through capital cooperation and, on the other hand, work with third-party content manufacturers to provide high-quality learning resources to students, while using their own leading artificial intelligence technologies to provide personalized teaching services to students.
With 15 million secondary school students, as the frequency of normal use increases in schools, the product is matured, and the company’s 17-year focus on the commercialization of the Ideal Network is expected to make a significant contribution. The wave of artificial intelligence has arrived, and the company is on the first stage, from technology to products to markets, and is expected to make a difference.
For the new one. Deep learning has brought about a major breakthrough in image recognition, speech recognition and semantics technology, allowing applications such as image recognition, smart customer service, service robots, and in-depth counselling systems to start commercializing, and an intelligent wave has arrived driven by technological breakthroughs and capital.
From the accumulation of technology in speech recognition and semantic understanding, to the size and quality of the front-line technical research team, to face recognition, speech recognition, voice interaction, and in-depth consultation of test robots.
As the tide of artificial intelligence continues, companies are expected to grow to the advantage of Cho as well as in the research and product layout of artificial intelligence technology, giving them an “enhancement” rating.
▪ The commercialization of the Ideas Network is not as good as expected; the development of artificial intelligence products is not as good as expected.
The country-level backbone software that is integrated with chip product development, voice information services, and e-government systems, with voice recognition and synthesis technology representing the highest level in the world, has accumulated in the area of artificial intelligence.
In addition to the 70% synthesizing share, the city is ranked first in the field of educational informatization.  The company’s future business layout focuses mainly on education and artificial intelligence, the education business is based on data from the educational informatization of students’ assessment, and resources are consolidated to provide personalized teaching services to 2c end students;
On the smart side, the company, from cutting-edge technological research to the country’s first-tier deployment of applications, continues to push forward the future of the company as the tide of intelligence continues. In recent years, the company’s revenues have increased by more than 30%, and the pace of growth has declined mainly because of the Idea 2c operations.
And the amount of AI business is still small, and with 17 years of the commercialization of end 2c of the Ideal Network and the rapid growth of AI business in the future, it is expected to contribute to a rapid growth in corporate performance. The profit increase is lower than the revenue increase, mainly due to the significant increase in sales costs that began with the restructuring of the company’s marketing system in 15 years.
In addition, investment in the Ideas Network’s earlier period has also had a significant impact on net profit growth. By operation, the current share of education businesses is about 30% (which was included in industry applications 15 years ago) and the growth of more than 30% in recent years is a priority for companies in the future.
Products and value-added operations, iflytek-c3, support software and products, and big data products and services. Integrated information engineering and communications operations account for 25% of total revenue and will remain stable in the future.
The increase in revenue was due mainly to the company ' s 15-year restructuring of the marketing system and the 70% expansion of the marketing staff, mainly due to the non-recurrent gain/loss of $117 million due to the company ' s acquisition of the Enlightenment Information Technology Ltd. in the same period in 2016, less the expected impact.
The 16-year-old report shows that China, the company’s first shareholder, moved 13.51% of the company, and concerted actors such as Liu Qingfeng held 19.35% of the company’s shareholdings in real control.
The company’s future focuses on education and artificial intelligence.
The company’s education operations are among the highest in the country, both in the provincial and municipal education centres, and in schools, where the share of the market for information on education is in the best interest of the country, with the use of user and evaluation data through educational informatization, and with the integration of online educational content resources to provide personalized teaching to students.
Services: Future companies will, on the one hand, introduce content resources through capital cooperation and, on the other hand, work with third-party content manufacturers to provide high-quality learning resources to students, using their own leading artificial intelligence technologies to provide personalized teaching services to students.
With 10,000 secondary schools and 15 million secondary school students, product grinding has matured as the frequency of normal use of schools has increased, and 17 years of corporate focus on commercialization of the Ideal Network is expected to contribute.
To be a new one. Deep learning brings about major breakthroughs in image recognition, speech recognition, and semantic understanding technology, enabling image recognition, intelligent customer service, service robots, and in-depth counselling systems to start commercializing, and intelligent waves are already coming, driven by technological breakthroughs and capital.
The company is in the country's first class of product layout, ranging from the accumulation of technology in voice recognition and semantic understanding to the size and quality of the front-line technical research team, to face recognition, speech recognition, voice interaction and deep-down consultation with test robots, and continues to move forward with the wave of artificial intelligence.
Second, education: the institutionalization of the country’s largest personalized education platform is expected to accelerate the commercialization of the 17-year network of intellectuals.
The company's educational products include, inter alia, the provincial and municipal education cloud and the school “teaching assessment”, the seamless interface of demand at all levels within the system, the service system as a whole, the company's provincial and municipal education cloud city, which is expected to account for more than 50 per cent of the total, and the campus information city, which is expected to account for more than 20 per cent of the total.
The company relies on a higher rate of municipal information on education, through the entire evaluation process of the schools served by the network of intellectuals. For teachers, the auto-revision of the papers saves time, and the statistical analysis of the evaluation data improves the teaching.
For schools, the entire network of intellectuals improves the efficiency and effectiveness of teaching and contributes to the improvement of teaching standards. For students, individualized pedagogical analysis is able to refine the points of knowledge blindness, and to focus on efficient learning, with a view to improving learning achievement.
In response, teachers, schools, students and parents appealed for the use of sticky and frequent upgrades to enable the network to effectively capture the student assessment data, thereby providing them with a personalized teaching value-added service, after which the network was promoted mainly by regional schools, along with teacher-student training and production.
For 17 years, the company will focus on promoting the commercialization of value-added services for 2c end-of-life students, and the current value-added services consist mainly of individualized analysis services for student assessment data (with annual service fees) and a share of the income of the teacher's video programme, which is expected to contribute significantly this year as commercialization is recommended.
The Ideal Network currently occupies 10,000 secondary schools and 15 million students. Given the company's presence in educational information, the number of users of students is 300 yuan per student per year for value-added services, and the company's income from educational operations amounts to 10 billion.
iii. The wave of artificial intelligence has arrived, and companies are in the first echelons, from technology to products to markets, and are expected to become the new one. Front-line technology research industry leads.
Technology research companies are in the country's first team, in terms of size and input. Voice recognition accuracy is 97%, and in September 2016, the fourth international multichannel speech separation and recognition competition, hosted by Google, was the first to get all three.
With respect to artificial intelligence technology, machine reading effects are an important reflection of the level of research that artificial intelligence has on natural language understanding and association reasoning. In a globally competitive English machine reading understanding, the first initiative is to present a new technological framework and achieve the best test effect, with indicators better than google.
Teams like Deepmind, Facebookallab, ibmwatson.
Intelligent assistant. Artificial-age language interaction, computer visualization, and big-data analysis and prediction are the three technological cores, and we think it's appropriate to interact with a human machine under an image interface with a mouse.
The most natural way to communicate with people is to be more suitable for inputing non-standard commands. In an age of intelligence, the linguistic interaction of smart devices will be labeled against the background of extreme experience and life comfort requirements, with the integration of third-party applications and services by leading manufacturers and the optimization and interaction of mainstream applications.
The experience will be greatly improved, and helper products will become widely available. The company's home helper will be the country's number one, both in terms of product experience and in terms of the number of users, with hundreds of thousands of beeps, the sum of the second to tenth hits, and has taken over the country in a wave of artificial intelligence.
We believe that, as the system evolves, intelligent clients will start to spread rapidly in 17 years. Accompanied consultations led to the formation of an intelligent medical team on Science and Technology in 2015, working on artificial intelligence.
It can be applied to medicine, and it's now better to have better images, machine-assisted diagnostics, and as the wave of intelligence continues to deepen and the company's products mature, the company's artificial intelligence products and services are expected to penetrate rapidly. There is much room for future growth.
Key assumptions: 1. Maintenance of stability in traditional transport operations: 2. Educational informatization sustains growth of around 30 per cent; and advantages in the area of corporate research and product layout of artificial intelligence technologies, giving companies an “enhanced” rating.
Analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market:
The long-term competitiveness rating focuses on the fundamentals of the enterprise and assesses the overall competitiveness of the company over the next two years as compared with the average value of the listed company in the industry.
Within the optimized market rate of the industry, after deducting all lost shares in the industry, prior years were calculated by dividing the total market value of the closing stock at the end of the year with the total net profit of the current year ' s shares, and the total market value of the closing stock at the date of the submission of the report with the total net profit of the previous year.