The profits from coal power have improved considerably, and wind profits have become evident.
Volontari International (600011.sh) incident: the company released its mid-year report in 2024, which generated $11.806 billion in revenue in the first half of the year, a 5.73 per cent decline in the same year.
Profitability, significant increase in cash flow, decrease in asset-liability ratios: corporate Māori ratio, net profit in the first half of the year Liang Yunan coal electricity profitability improved significantly and wind profit differentiation became apparent: coal power/combustion/wind in the first half of the year
The total profit on electricity/PV was 39.80/5.70/40.30/1245 million, with the same variation as the fall in the price of coal versus the impact of the fall in the price of electricity, which contributed to a significant improvement in the profitability of coal power. In the first half of the year, the company introduced coal at a unit price of $1010.32 per ton, a decrease of 11.2 per cent, while the total profit on coal electricity was 0.023 per ton.
In the case of kilowatt hours (kWh), an increase of 0.02 kWh/kWh over the same period. Currently, while the power from fire power is under constant pressure, given that the impact of coal mines has been over, the rate of coal production in June has shifted from negative to negative, we believe that the overall supply of coal will be further relaxed and that the profits from coal power will continue to improve.
The wind profit rate is lower than the electricity rate and is expected to be due to the parity project and to an increase in the share of market-based electricity. $/kWh, $/kWh, minus $0.026/kWh, $0.061/kWh, respectively.
1gw, solar 2.gw. As of the first half of the year, the company's new energy aggregate was 31.6gw (a 39% increase in the same year), accounting for 22.8% of total installed capacity, taking into account other clean sources of energy, such as combustion, hydropower and other sources of clean energy, with a 32.8% low-carbon clean energy loader ratio and a continuously optimized loading structure.
[Galaxy Environment for Public Use] company comment: Power International (600011): There is still room for improvement in coal, electricity, and new energy installations are expected to accelerate, and I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively, with due diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been forthcoming in the past.
Downstream research. Used to work on civil securities, Pacific securities, and joined China’s Galaxy securities in January 2022.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness.