\triangleright \triangleright
Liu Xiaoning's record of falling coal prices in the first half of the year is increasing, and the second quarter's bad weather is delaying overall performance.
The total is approximately $11.2 billion, of which the coal/firer/wind power/photovoltage/hydropower/biomass/Singapore/other, respectively, is a total increase of $3.387 billion over the same period in the total profits earned by the company in the second quarter of the year, due to the fall in the market price of coal.
About $4.2 billion, about $1 billion in the same year, mainly due to the poor national wind situation in the second quarter, the total profit on corporate wind panels was about $500 million in the same year, and the total profit on Singapore’s fleet of aircraft for the second quarter fell by about $1 billion, mainly on a high base last year.
The performance in the single quarter was lower than expected by the market, mainly because of the impact of a drop in electricity on the price of electricity. Based on the total profits of the company from the distribution of power sources and on-line electricity, the company ' s pre-tax profit on coal/wind/PV block in the single quarter was 0.015/0.183/0.176/kWh, respectively, and the pre-tax profit margin on coal in the second quarter of the market price decline.
The decrease of $0.016/kWh is mainly due to the fact that, in the second quarter of the year, when the water was more abundant than the corresponding ring, coal electricity fell by 83-141 billion kWh, respectively, and the large drop in electricity volume led to a substantial increase in the fixed cost of electricity, with the coal-fired machine almost unchanged. Windboard block profits fell by $0.059/dry wt. on a year-to-year basis, mainly due to poor weather conditions and low-price projects.
Coal power taps, green properties are growing, and the power system is changing. By the end of June 2024, the company held a stock-loader \triangleright, but the size of its new energy loader, which has reached 31.6gw in the first half of the year, was worth noting.
The company-wide ratio is 47%. The company’s 14th target for clean energy has reached 45% and currently stands at 33%. Under the assumption that the size of the combustion engine will not change, the company’s new energy loader will still need to be added to its 14th target in 2024-2025. \triangleright
We have analysed that the capacity-price mechanism, driven by the two-carbon strategy, helps to safeguard part of the profits of the coal power plant and to reduce the rate of profit volatility, that the company earns 0.023/kWh before the coal electricity tax in the first half of this year, that coal power is used as a secure power source, and that the new energy source, as the main player of the two-carbon strategy, is currently operating with a small profit under the impact of the inflated and eliminated electricity in the off-the-shelf market.
We stress the fact that the value of new energy sources is uncompetitive, and that environmental premiums need to be highlighted under national strategies. As coal power, green power poles, companies perform both as industry wind-points and as deep-seated benefits from changes in the electricity system.
The current share price is 12, 11, 10 times greater than the current value of interest on about 3 billion long-term debt (estimated), 50 per cent of interest on lubricant (net of interest on long-term debt), 4.1 per cent of dividends on companies, and the share in flavour international electricity, fire power, green tap operators, are expected to benefit in depth from the reform of the electricity system and maintain the Gorgeous international “growth” rating.
The point of \triangleright is an accurate reflection of my personal opinion about the securities and issuers.