The fall in the price of electricity affected the harvest, the fall in the price of coal contributed to the growth of performance, the fall in the price of electricity contributed to a decline in business income on a year-on-year basis, and the net profit of the mother increased on a year-on-year basis.
The decline in business income in the same year was mainly due to lower electricity prices, which averaged $498.70/mwh (-3.21 per cent) per company in the first half of 2024 for each of the company's running power plants.
The cost per unit of fuel decreased in the same year, with a cumulative unit price of 1010.32 yuan per ton (11.20%) of coal (h1 per cent) in 2024, the tariff cut-off mark; and the second is the expansion of new energy sources, with a profit-for-year increase. The electricity revolution continues, and future profits from the fire are expected to stabilize. National policies continue to push for a deeper electricity system.
52 weeks of maximum/minimum price Reform to speed up the construction of new power systems, which will gradually become regulated, supported and stable in the future; at the same time, future electricity prices are expected to stabilize, coal prices are expected to stabilize, and the price difference for ignition is stable, and corporate coal power will be stabilized
New energy consumption is expected to improve, and new energy plates are expected to become more profitable. National policies are strongly promoting higher levels of new energy consumption, which is expected to improve gradually in the future, and with new energy generation.
In the first half of 2024, the company added new energy installed capacity. The company has a controlled installed capacity of 138.57gw. The coal power is 93.14gw, natural gas generating power.
13.29gw, wind power 16.52gw, photovoltaic 15.09gw, hydropower 0.37gw, biomass power generation 0.16gw. Future new energy profits are stable, new energy installed by companies continue to grow in size, driving the public to increase co-opts (600011.sh) - coal electricity profits are growing and new energy is profitable.
Energy International (600011.sh) - Fire and electricity profits have improved significantly, new energy installed substantially, and new energy performance has been steady.
Energy International (60011.sh) - The performance of China’s performance has been reversed, and the profits of fire power have been changed to $752 million in 2024 for new energy and $4.04 billion for fire power and other contributions.
The fall in the price of electricity translates into a year-on-year decline in operating income and a year-on-year increase in the net profit of the parent. In the first half of 2024, the fall in the income of the company was mainly due to a fall in the price of electricity, and in the first half of 2024, the average net profit of the company's running power plants in China was $498.70/mwh (-3.21%).
Reasons: The company continuously increased its cost control, using the coal power unit as a “stabilizer” and “barrel” backstop for electricity supply, achieving a decrease in unit fuel costs on a par and a rise in coal machine profits on a par, with the company accumulated a tax cut-off coal unit price of $1010.32 per ton in the first half of 2024, a decrease of 11.20 per cent in the same year; the second is new
Increase in energy size and profit contribution on a year-on-year basis. Figure 3: Corporate operating income in single quarter (in billions of yuan) Figure 4: Corporate net profit return in single quarter (in billions)
Fire power access has declined on a year-on-year basis, and new energy access has continued to increase. 2024h1, the company's power plant in China has received 210,678 million kWh (-0.22 per cent). Of this number, 17,400 million kWh (-3.19 per cent) is coal, and 97,643 million kWh (6.24 per cent) is powered by power plants in China, of which 78,138 million kWh is coal.
The Māori rate rose, the cost rate slightly increased, the net interest rate increased on a year-on-year basis, and profitability increased. As a result, the financial cost rate of the Coal Division decreased by 0.14 pct to 3.35 per cent on a year-on-year basis, the management cost rate increased by 0.41 pct to roe on a year-on-year basis, and the operating net cash flow improved on a year-on-year basis. 2024h1, the company ' s Roe rose by 10.75 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
0.85 pct, mainly due to the increase in net interest rates on a year-on-year basis. 2024h1, net operating cash flow of $23.603 billion (+71.54 per cent), mainly due to higher earnings in the first half of the year and lower net occupancy of funds due from operating accounts receivable; and net investment cash outflows of $22.484 billion due to higher capital expenditure in the first half of the year.
Power conversions continue to advance, and future profits from fire and electricity are expected to stabilize. National policies continue to push for deeper electricity reform, with electricity prices, capacity prices, income from support services, etc., helping to stabilize profits; at the same time, future electricity and coal prices are expected to stabilize, fire price differentials are stable, and corporate coal power lines will maintain a reasonable level of profitability.
In May 2024, the National Energy Agency issued a circular on securing the high-quality development of new energy sources, emphasizing the upgrading of the electricity system.
In the same period, the Department of State issued the Action Programme for Energy Conservation and Carbon Reduction, 2024-2025, which proposes to accelerate the construction of large wind and light voltage channels to upgrade the inter-provincial and trans-district transmission capacity; and to accelerate the re-engineering of the distribution grid and the upgrading of distributed new energy loads.
National policies are strongly promoting the level of new energy consumption, which is expected to improve gradually in the future, and as the share of new energy marketization increases, the impact of marketized transactions on the price of electricity for new energy sources will diminish and the profitability of new energy plates will stabilize.
Air power generation 13.29gw, wind power 16.52gw, photovoltaic 15.09gw, hydroelectric power 0.37gw, biomass power 0.16gw. Future new energy profitability and continued growth in the size of the company’s new energy loading machines drive further growth in the company’s performance. Energy contribution is $752 million, and fire power and other contributions are $4.04 billion.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject