In the evening of 24 October 2024, Helium Stone issued its third quarterly report for 2024. In the first three quarters of 2024, the company achieved a gross operating income of $17,787,57 million, an increase of 2.71 per cent, compared with 2.71 per cent.
Helium petrochemicals (600,346.sh) net profit of $5,105 million, a decrease of 10.45 per cent in the same year; net profit of $4,627 million net profit from deductions and later repatriations; of which the company achieved gross operating income of $6,5261 million in the third quarter of 2024, an increase in the same year
Cost-side collapses, and corporate earnings fall largely as a result of the narrow harvest of chemicals. Oil prices at the end of \triangleright, international oil price shocks in the first three quarters of 2024, followed by oil prices booming and falling in the first half of the year.
In the third quarter, the northern hemisphere was driving the season to support the upturn in international oil prices, followed by a seasonal fall in oil demand, compounded by a weak global macroeconomic situation, a slowdown in geo-pregnancy, and a drop in international oil prices. The average Brent oil price was $81.6 in the first three quarters of 2024.
The cost of purchasing crude oil in the previous three quarters increased by about 3 per cent compared to the previous three quarters and the cost of other raw materials decreased; in prices and sales rates, the previous three quarters refined the company.
The sales rate is the same as that of 6 pct, -22 pct, and -9 pct. According to profit data, the main refined products in the first three quarters of 2024 were gasoline, diesel, kerosene, polyethylene, polypropylene, px, pure benzene ton Māori, respectively +47, +14, -39, 595, 766,-
641, +417, per ton. We believe that the fall in corporate profits is mainly due to weak supply and demand patterns, that the growth of refined production capacity is expected to peak, and that companies are expected to benefit from low-cost and high-end product layouts.
Within 1 billion tons, tens of millions of tons of refined oil can produce around 55%. According to the Golden Federation, about 69 million tons. We believe that the phase-out of small-scale refineries is expected to accelerate in the future, and that the industry or industry is entering an era of stock competition, against the backdrop of a peak in the supply side of the industry and structural deepening.
With low-cost and deep-processed refined integration poles, priority benefits are expected. On the cost-control side, the company has 12 million tons of heavy oil processing capacity, representing 60% of annual crude oil processing, and its original tons of scarce pure hydrogen raw materials; in addition, the company has 520mw high-power self-propelled electricity.
Plants, which optimize the cost of producing energy consumption. In high-end product layouts, companies display 1.6 million tonnes/year high-performance resins and new materials projects, functional film projects and lithium diaphragms.
Projects like cindasecuritiesco., ltd, etc., cover lithium battery diaphragms, battery electrolyte, composite fluoride membranes, photovoltaics, Monument West Avenue, Beijing.
In the future, in areas such as backboard membrane, it is expected that the proportion of major chemical products produced by companies will be reduced, the output of fine chemical platinum b products and new material products will be enhanced and their profitability enhanced.
Profit forecasts and investment ratings: We predict that the company's net return profits for the period 2024-2026 are \triangleright, respectively, which is expected to open up and maintain a “buy-in” rating for the company.
Risk factors: the risk of large short-term fluctuations in crude oil prices; the risk of less than expected profit from polyester fibres; the risk of excess refining capacity; and the risk of less than expected new production capacity.
Member of the Committee, Member of the China International Engineering Advisory Corporation's pool of experts, member of the China Price Association's Commission on Coal Prices, former Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Office of the China Coal Industry Association (COIAP), and for over a decade, working on research and advice in coal and energy-related fields, chaired the “13th Five” National Coal Survey Planning and Development Research, Revision of Coal Industry Technology Policy and Enterprise-related Advisory Issues, and joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2016.
Liu Honghwang, a doctor from Beijing University, was an expert and assistant director at the China Institute of petrochemical Economics, a member of the Central and Specialized Carbon Research Committee of the Chinese Society of Environmental Sciences, research on energy transformation, carbon neutrality, petrochemical industry development, etc., and led research on medium and long-term projections of energy consumption.
In March 2023, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre. Hu Xiao Yi, Master of Economics, University of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, and Master of Financial Sciences, University of Southwest Finance and Economics. In July 2022, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre.
Liu Xiao, Master of Arts, University of Hong Kong, Bachelor of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 to engage in petrochemical components that are not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific analytical or opinion in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.