We're going to buy 28% of Tianxil's shares, and we're hoping to boost Chinese drug innovation.
On August 4th, 2024, China Yun-39 issued an announcement to purchase 28% of the Tianxil shares in cash payments, at a transaction price of $485 million per share, for a total of $6,212 million.
The Tianxili Group will be changed to China's 39th, and the control will be changed to China's 300th index of relative depth, with Tianxili predominantly a medical channel, and China's 39th is good at self-diagnosing.
Tianxley, which is dominated by medical channels, has a strong marketing advantage in the field of medical terminals, and has developed a modern system of Chinese medicine, dominated by cardiovascular drugs, around core products, such as the Danish drop pills, which has for many years formed a strong marketing network covering the country's markets at all levels.
Operating income of $8.674 billion, net profit for the mother of $1,071 million; core business of the 39th Battalion of Hua Yun is located in the area of chc health consumer goods and prescription drugs, and the chc health consumer goods business covers products such as immobilization, skin, gastrointestinal, liver, pediatrics, orthopaedics, gynaecology, cerebral, etc., its core product.
In the case of flu, gastrointestinal, skin, pediatrics, vitamins, cough control and osteoporosis, a higher share of the market; prescription drugs cover cardiovascular, anti-cancer, digestive, osteoporology, anti-infection, etc. At the consumer level, the company relies on the “999” family's permanent brand and many others.
Quick growth, cost optimization, professional branding, based on the treatment of common diseases in households and health management, positive growth towards healthy management of chc, and steady progress in the integration of Quan Pharmacy
Longer course of management of pathology, rehabilitation and slowness; at the medical end, the company owns a series of three or seven blood-septic products, a combination of Quints, fluctuations in formulation granular operations
The company is expected to increase its competitiveness in the field of Chinese medicine innovation when it comes to natural resources.
The company and Tianxian are expected to collaborate in the cardiovascular sector in terms of a matrix of products, marketing networks, and so on. The Chinese leadership in the field of Chinese medicine innovation, the acquisition of the company to strengthen the Chinese drug innovation tubes, the layout of the line, and the two-wheel drive of the market inside and outside the courtyard of Chinese medicine.
Innovative development, Chinese Medicine Registration Classification 2020 emphasizes the evaluation concept of patient-centred, clinical value-led, 3.1 Classes of Classes of Classic Classic Clandestine Dualial Formulations Exempted from Direct Clinical Declarations
A series of top-level policy designs, such as a shorter R & D cycle and approval cycle, a “triple combination” review that meets the characteristics of Chinese medicine research and development, s0270522030001 evidence system, and increased enthusiasm for new Chinese medicine in enterprises
Prospective developments in new areas are to be expected. Profit predictions and investment proposals: companies are leading companies in the field of Chinese drugotc, which, based on strong acquisitions, are increasingly enriching the chain layout of the Chinese pharmaceutical industry, and it is hoped that in the future a two-wheel drive will be achieved in both the intra- and extra-hospital markets.
Without taking into account the impact of the follow-up to this acquisition, we anticipate that the company, the risk factors are: the risk of interruption or cancellation of transactions, the risk of impairment of goodwill, and the lack of business integration.