Chc's business is growing steadily, and the Chinese pharmaceutical industry is gaining strength.
26/08/2024 Chc: Chc Growth Driver ' s overall performance in the first half of 2024
In the cold-induced breakdown, there is a faster growth of varieties such as 999 antiviral oral fluids, 999 small woody particles, 999 cerebral aroma, etc., and in the dermal category, the company is pressing for higher-prevalence market opportunities, enhanced brand penetration, faster growth of the class, with pelvis red and green.
In the case of the gastro-pharmaceuticals category, there has been a steady increase in the rate of penetration and market occupancy of the new 39-baby-basket brand stone. Prescription: the growth of the formulation particles in a restorative way, and the strategy for optimizing the operation of the external environment and the drinking business
In the first half of 2024, the company achieved operating income of 2,417 million dollars.
13.07%, mainly due to the rapid growth and cost optimization of Chc operations, which is guided by the strategy to optimize the operation of some products in response to external environmental impacts.
Chc has grown steadily, and the integration of Quan Pharmacy has progressed steadily. The country's first original five-generation cerebral herbicide has been installed in more than 30 provinces and cities, officially entering the commercial phase.
The city platform is officially connected and the base of access is consolidated. The company has entered into commercialization promotion cooperation with intellectual nuclears to obtain Ji Shujia (reorganization of the man-driven thyroid hormone (rhtsh)) to promote rights and interests in the exclusive market in China's magnesium surgery market. The Ji Shujia Žicso project is officially commercialized.
With the introduction of the formulation granules and provincial alliances, competition in the market is increasing, the industry is growing, the pace of growth is slowing, while the commercial model of the formulation granules is being re-constructed and the capacity of the whole industry chain is the key to the long-term success of the business. In the first half of 2024, companies seized the market pattern adjustment window.
At times, the market share of the UCP region has increased significantly, and the distribution of formulation particles has increased in a restorative manner.
The brand is brand-new. It's branded as "777" for the tri-seven industries, focusing on the tri-seven whole-sector chain, and strengthening the user's awareness of the blood-singled soft capsule active ingredient of the 37-sum soap.
On August 4, 2024, Huo Yun issued a circular to purchase 28% of the balance held by the TCI and its co-actors in cash, which is expected to enhance Chinese medicine innovation.
Profit forecasting and investment proposals: The company is a leading company in the field of Chinese medicine, which, based on a strong acquisition power, is constantly enriching the chain layout of the Chinese pharmaceutical industry, and is expected to achieve a two-wheel drive in the off-the-hospital market in the future. Without taking into account the influence of the acquisition of Chinese medicine, we anticipate that the company will be able to do so.
Risk factors: Possible effects of changes in respiratory morbidity, provincial collusive implementation of the Chinese prescription particle varieties, collection of booster surfaces, drig/dip payments nationwide balance sheet (millions of yuan)