Chc's bad business grew by 14%, and 24q2 single-quarter net profit returns increased by about 42% over the same period.
Chc business grew by 14 per cent, while the increase in the Māori rate and the fall in the cost rate during the period led to a rise in net interest rates: 1 at the end of the harvest, 2024h1 company revenue grew robustly, with Chc operating revenue of 7773 million yuan (Yoy+14 per cent, sales of drugs at retail pharmacies in China in January-May 24, compared to the same amount.
(b) 0.2 per cent, with $2.417 billion (Yoy-13 per cent) from prescription medicine, $1,956 million (Yoy+5 per cent) from traditional medicine, $269 million (Yoy-1 per cent) from packaging printing,
Wholesale and retail operations: 1,684 million yuan (yoy+19 per cent).2 At the profit end, the net return profit increased faster than the recovery rate, mainly by a 2.6 percentage point increase in net corporate interest rates (24h1 net inter-cost rate down by 1.69 percentage points in the same year (30.62 per cent in the 24h1 period).
This represents a decrease of 1.54 percentage points in sales costs (24h1 sales rate 23.48 per cent) and a decrease of 0.14 percentage points in management costs (24h1 management rate) resulting from better performance of respiratory & dermal drugs, and adjustments in the external environment & drink business strategy
Short-term pressure on the drug business: 24H1 company 999 flu-induced species of 999 antivirus oral fluids, 999 pyrotechnic particles, 999 quantas, etc., in the chc business have grown faster; in the dermatology, the skin is red, green and 999.
There has been a better growth in the pain-free series; the penetration of the brand brand and market share of the new three-hundred stomachs have continued to rise. In addition, 24h1 major health operations are under pressure as a result of a higher rate of increase in retail end-of-care products than in the previous year.2 In prescription drugs, 24h1 companies have prescribed drugs.
In the case of formulation particles, the market share of 24h1 has increased significantly, and the distribution of formulation granules has increased resiliently.
In partnership with innovative Chinese drug-leading companies, innovative drug development and re-energization: 24h1 has invested $392 million in research and development, an increase of 7.29% over the same period, and priority research projects are well under way.
In addition, the company entered into a strategic cooperation agreement with Tianles Sindha Securities Inc. for the development of Chinese medicine innovation, large models of several smart grasses and the technology and costume of the testicles.
Cindasecuritiesco., Ltd. is ready to cooperate in the development, either to empower each other, or to supplement the innovative pharmacological line with the help company.
Profit projection and investment rating: we expect corporate business income for 2024-2026 to be risk factors: market and policy risk, innovation risk in research and development, merger and integration risk, raw material price \triangleright
In 2023, we joined the CXo industry, in charge of medical equipment, in vitro diagnostics, and icl. In 2023, we joined the CSP, covering Chinese medicine, pharmaceutical & pharmaceutical stores, and vaccines.
The components are not relevant, are not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in the present report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindard Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consulting, which the CVM has granted.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.