RHL (601,100): Linear drives and overseas projects are advancing steadily, and downstream carriers are hard to stop the company from growing. \triangleright year total sales of excavators dropped by 25.4 per cent compared to 1950; however, the company achieved revenue and profits during the reporting period.
Double growth. Mainly, the corporate diversification strategy has increased, with a marked spread of new products developed in the non-engineering and mechanical industries; companies have continued to promote internationalization strategies, with a gradual increase in overseas market shares; companies have effectively reduced the project, leading to a decline in raw material prices, and a rise in the Maori rate of hydraulic tanks, accessories and casting products, which has reached 41.90 per cent, an increase of 1.35 pct compared to 1.35 pt.
The cost rate has increased slightly and continues to be invested in R & D. In 2023, the cost rate increased by 1.46 pct over the same period of time. The cost of sales increased the cost of employee remuneration, consultancy services and depreciation; the cost of R & D remained high at 7.73 per cent, and the company maintained its innovation-driven drive and advanced product technology, reflecting its commitment to business expansion and high-end product R & D.
Mexico’s hydraulic material production base, which is largely complete, is expected to test production in the second quarter of 2024, opening up overseas business space; at the same time, companies have set up sub-divisions in Singapore and Brazil to further expand their services networks and better participate in global competition; and the market share of European affiliates inline has grown significantly.
The linear drive project in the power-driven area, which was initially completed, was tested for production in the first quarter of 2024, with samples from rollers, rollers, tracks, etc. in the trial; the electric tank project, where the Ministry's product lines are constantly expanding, has now completed the development of a full series of pure electric motor vehicle models for high-altitude platform clients.
The q3 Māori Ring is significantly better than it is, and the fund-raising project is continuing - investment proposal: the company is the domestic hydraulic core, and the non-digger hydraulic pressure is running a little bit more in the high, farm, seaman, shield, etc.
In view of the recovery of domestic engineering machinery downstream, adjusting profits, eye, hydraulic dragon head camp net profit growth--
Alteration Hydraulic Pressure (60110.sh): Catastrophe Extension Appendices: Three Predicted Volumes of Statements, Using Legally Conformity Data Information, Careful Presentation of Research Conclusions and Independent and Objective Presentation of this Report.
There is no direct or indirect relationship between the specific recommendations or views expressed in this report. Reflecting the personal analysis and judgement of the researcher at the time of the presentation of this report, and not representing the position of East Sea Securities Co. Ltd. or any of its affiliates or affiliates, the company may issue other reports that are inconsistent with the information contained in this report and that have different conclusions.
Reports and review articles. Where permitted by law, the company’s associated institutions may hold and trade securities issued by the companies covered in the report and may be providing or seeking to raise them.