Short-term disturbances do not change long-term trends, continue to look at non-digging and overseas expansion Sustained downsides, companies achieve small increases, net interest rates are almost equal, mainly due to: 1) incremental diversification of strategic contributions, rising share of new non-engineering and mechanical industries, and Māori ratios
Higher; 2) Continued promotion of internationalization strategies, with a gradual increase in the share of the overseas market, due to the burden of downstream engineering and machinery industries. • Non-engineering and non-engineering sectors expand further with foreign markets
According to the company ' s annual report in 2023, sales of non-flagged tanks have increased steadily, with high-altitude platforms and industrial non-flagged tanks performing brightly and increasing at a higher rate; pump valve plates, high-altitude platforms, agricultural machines, road machines, concrete pumps, swirling drills, etc.
On the one hand, companies have won a greater share of the market through one-stop-shop solutions that provide clients with value for money; on the other hand, they have built on the globalization strategy to further expand the offshore market for high-altitude platforms, agricultural and road vehicles; and they have forged plates.
In China, the company has continued to innovate in technology, developing industries such as industry, new energy sources, auto parts, medical care, high iron, etc., and has been active in overseas markets, developing 103 new non-engineering machinery items throughout the year.
The process has been largely completed and is expected to be piloted in the second quarter of 2024, while companies established subsidiaries in Singapore and Brazil in 2023 to further expand their overseas service networks. In 2023, the company’s domestic market rose by 9.11 per cent, while sales revenue from overseas markets grew by 9.95 per cent.
In 2024, the company’s overseas market was expected to expand faster. The long-term strategic layout of the power-driven sector, with its initial results, was a major trend in the engineering and machinery industry, and the company’s long-term strategic layout was a linear one.
According to the company's annual report for 2023, the project includes three departments – the Electric Cylinder Department, the Cylinder Department, and the Tracking Department.
External layout: 2023-08-28. Product lines continue to expand. The full series of pure electric motors for high-altitude platform clients has been developed; the number of marine electric battery orders continues to rise, reaching 36 ships cumulatively.
The company’s project is on schedule, with a cumulative progress of 38.11% by the end of 2023, and will continue to progress in the future. To the future, we believe that at the end of the industry, the equipment in the engineering and machinery industry is on the move.
The industry is expected to rise back in 2024, driven by a policy drive to upgrade the scale equipment; at the company end, the company Alfa has a strong identity, the stock of excavators continues to rise, non-digging and overseas markets continue to expand, and profitability remains high. Thus, we still see long-term corporate growth.
1) Core high-end hydraulics technology is difficult to break through; 2) domestic infrastructure policy support is less than expected; 3) downstream plant demand is less than expected; 4) non-digging and offshore markets are not expanding as expected.
The information and observations in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, will not be, and will not receive, directly or indirectly, any of the specific recommendations or views in this report.