jiangsuhengli (601,100ch) 4q23&1q24EARningsnotexciting; Butmore buy (maintain)

4% yoytormb602mn, up/downside
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Do you know what I'm talking about?
Likehenglias(1)revenuecontractor components continuestoincrease; (2) productexpansiontoballsprews (akeycomponts), whichstartedtriactionin1q24, willlyservasancew
I'm sorry, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Keyhighlightsin2023reults: revenuein 2023grew 10% yoyto rmb9bn (2/19%15%/17%grovethofhydraucylides/pump&valve/hydraulicsystems/components) .inparticular, salesvolumeofallnon-
I'm sorry, sir, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I don't know.
Only 8% duetoaighersg&aexpenseratio.netprofitin2023grew7% to rmb 2.5bnwholeoperingcashingflow30% yoytorm2.68bn.in shareperformance
4q23, Netprojectedby 26% yoytormb 745mn, drivenby 16% revenuegrogrowthandrossmarginexpansion (to 46%). keyhighlightsin1q24reults:netpropidropped 4% yoytormb602mn
3% duetoa yoydecreaseinreveau, 0.8 pptyygrossmargincontractation source: factset (to 40.1%) andaninreaseexpenseratioringenal, whichofffsetthe
12-mthpriceperformance (rm accoundedfor 22% ofourfull-yearestimats (runratein1q23:25%).
We're not going to be able to do anything about it.
I don't know what you're talking about, nolongerassignavaluationpremium (previously 1sdaboethehistical average) asweextreactivelytableyearsgrovethbetween2024e source:factset
It's not like it's the first time I've ever had a baby, but it's the first time I've ever had a baby, and it's the first time I've ever had a baby, and it's the first time I've ever had a baby, and it's the first time I've ever had a baby.
Capitalgoodssector-morepolitics to earlyssummary supportdomesti and achinerydemand; expectseratorallytocontinue–18apr
2024(link) capitoralgoodsssector-2m24:solid growthofforklifts;weaknesscontinued
Fortowercranes & excavators - 15mar 2024(link) capitoralgoodsssector - strongsalesofops &forkliftsinjan; powercranes
I mean, the world-29feb2024(link) capitology-equipment replacement proposal
This is the first time I've ever met a woman who's been in a state of emergency and who's in a state of emergency and who's in a state of emergency and who's in a state of emergency.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about.
Theresarchanalhysprispyresponsibleforthecontentofresresearchreport, inholeorinpart, certifiestwhatect to the securities orissuerthattheanastcoverinthiport: (1) theloftheviewsexpressaccuratelyreflectisorherpersonviewsaboutthesubjectscirities oris; and (2) nopartofofhisorhercompensationwas,is,orwillbe,directly,relatesspecialviewsexpressedbythatatstin
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I'm not sure I'm gonna do it, but I'm gonna do it, but I'm gonna do it, so I'm gonna do it.
This is the first time that you've ever been in a state of emergency, a state of emergency, a state of emergency, a state of emergency, a state of emergency, a state of emergency, a state of emergency, a state of emergency, a state of emergency, a state of emergency, a state of emergency, a state of emergency, a state of emergency, a state of emergency, a state of emergency, a state of emergency, a state of emergency, a state of emergency, a state of emergency, a state of emergency, a state of emergency, a state of emergency, a state of emergency, a state of emergency, a state of emergency, a state of emergency, a state of emergency, a state of emergency.
♪ And bigmratings forgot: stockisnotratedbycm
Outperform mark-perform underperform
"and internationalglobalmarketslimited and internationalglobalglobalmarketslimited" ("cmbigm") iawhollyownedsubsidiaryofcmbinternationalcapitalformationmed (awholly reported subsocialofchinamerchantsbank)
Importantdiscussions doesnotprovidindividuallytailoredvementadvice.thisreporthasbeenpreparedwithoutregardtotheindividualinvestives, financial position orspecialrequirements.pastperformanceehasnoindicationoffutureperformation, dactuatedeventsmayifferrealfromthatwichiscontainedthe
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know, this reportoranyinformation containeherein, hasbeenpreparedby the cmbigm, solelyforpurposeofsuplyinformationtotheclientsofcirentsorgm oritsaffiliate(s) thomitistbureted.thisportisnotototandsouldnotconstruedasanofforsolicitationtobuyorsellanyscienceornyinterestin secritiesorienterintoanytransaction.neith and bigmnonyofofsaffialates, shareholds, agents, delegates, directors, officesorsorsoremployoyèsallbe.
I don't know if I'm the only one who can do this, but I'm the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's got the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one.
I'm not going to be able to do this, but I'm not going to be able to do it.
I don't know what you're talking about, methhodswhencompiling.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about.
(asamended Fromtimetotime)or (ii) aeropersfallingwithinarticle49(2)(a)to(d)("hhnetworthcompanies, unincorporated effects. etc. ),oftheorder, andmaynotprovidedtoanotherpersonsofthepriorwrittenconsentof and Bigm.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
Idendedtoenstaintythenalysprotenfectoriesbypostentialconfactssointerestthatcoud certainoriabilityofothersesearchreport.thisreportis invertedfordstoriesthestatestatelyto"majorusinstitutionalinvestors”, asdefinedintilile15a-6undertheus, securitiesexchhangeactof 1934,asamended,andmayyotbefurnishtoanyotherpersonsentstates.eachmajorustitutionalinvestivesatresativesystemsactatives.
I don't know, by sacceptanceherofrepresentsandadagreesthatshathaltshathaltridiorprovidethisiporttoanyotherson.anyu.s.recipientofthisportwishingto effectanytransactiontobuyorselsecuritiesbasedontheforformation providedthesisresportdosoldsonlythroughau.s.-registerbroker-dealer.Forcificentsofthisdocumentiningaporeinsin
This reportistributedinsaporeby pte.mited (cmbisg) (companyregn.no.20171928d), anexemptfinancialadviserasdefined in thefinancialadvisersact (cap. 110) ofusingaporeandreguilaedbythemonetataryauthorthorityofspore.cmbismaydistreportsproducedbyits researchiveforignitities, affiliatesotropotherworldhousehousehousespooltoarrangementunderundersourceration32Cofthefinciancianciadvisersregulations.
If you're going to do it, then you're going to have to do it, and you're going to have to do it.