2023 and the first quarter of 2024: performance meets expectations, overseas factories and staves are on the move.
Keywords: #performance meets expectations #export orientation#new products, new technologies, new clients: companies publish annual reports 2023 and first quarterly reports 2024, and performance meets market expectations. Billion dollars, an increase of 6.66% over the same period, sales in the excavator industry fell by 24% over the same period, company Alpha
Voltage tanks: $4.69 billion, an increase of 2.4 per cent in the same year (2) hydraulic pump valves: $3.27 billion, light from the national production of hydraulic fluids, high profitability, contribution increment, high volume of new products developed for the non-engineering and machinery industry, and revenue as a percentage of income continues to rise
Increased profits from new products are higher than traditional engineering and machinery products; (2) companies continue to promote internationalization strategies, increasing their share of overseas markets and increasing their sales earnings from abroad. In 2023, there was a slight increase in the company’s period, and the cost of R & D was maintained at a higher level.
High technical barriers, low national production of high-end products, sustained R & D investment to consolidate the moat.  Overseas factories and linear-driven projects are in place, opening up the growth space.
Companies have accumulated skills for scarce hydraulics in the country. With diversification, internationalization strategies: profits short-term exposure to exchange rates, new items. Performance is expected to increase steadily: (1) Mexico project: companies build hydraulic units in Mexico.
The internationalization of new products at the impending base, which is now largely complete and is expected to be tested in the second quarter of 2024, is expected to increase the overseas share of hydraulics in engineering machinery, smoothing down sales cycles. (2) Linear drives
Project: The company has three departments, one for the electric tank, the other for the string, and the other for the track.
Assessment: Performance meets expectations, diversity + internationalization tests. The silk rails are core parts of machines, robotic automation, cars, etc. 2021. The domestic silk pole + track market is about $12.8 billion in size, technical barriers are high, and national production is only 25%.
It is expected that the production needs of the beneficiary countries will continue to rise, with the Division’s middle-end high-end market.  Engineering machinery: the prospect of a dual-cycle resonance of “large-scale equipment upgrades + industry’s own” last round of engineering machinery up-to-date 2016-2020, based on eight-year useful life.
In March, 24,980 excavators were sold, 2.34 per cent less than in March, of which 15188 in the country, representing an increase of 9.27 per cent over the previous season.
With a new cycle of renewal, a series of policies, such as large-scale equipment upgrades, contributing to the recovery of the industry, it is hoped that there will be a double-cycle resonance of “large-scale equipment upgrades + industry’s own upgrading.”  Profit forecasting and investment rating: bottom of Beta, bottom of the engineering machinery industry, company dredging valves, etc.
The share of motors, oil tanks, etc., is high, the market for non-label hydraulics is wide, and the long-term prospects for companies are strong. In the short term, account is taken of the company’s ability to move to North America’s factory, scylla production, and to climb the production capacity period, the business is not expanding as expected; the prices of raw materials are volatile; and international exchange rate fluctuations.
Three financial forecasting tables for HQS are in the position of being qualified for portfolio investment consultancy with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board (CMS).