The company published its annual report for 2021 and its quarterly report for 2022.
In the first quarter of 2022, the company achieved gross operating income of $431 million, an increase of 66.07 per cent, and net return of $280 million, an increase of 64.03 per cent.
The company’s performance in 2021 & 1q2022 was in line with expectations, with a strong increase in core products supporting performance cashing in. The income end product showed that in 2021, the corporate solution/gel injection product was achieved separately.
Long, with 72.25% annual revenue in 2021. At the end of the spending line, the company's 2021 Māori differentiated product layout is further deepened, and the “re-re-re-re-development + quasi-location + deep operation” model is expected to continue to strengthen the industry's leadership.
In the second half of the year, commercialization led to an orderly advance, with several projects entering the clinical trial phase, including injection of a type-a botulinum toxin (iii period), Lilalu semen (i period completed), and Lidocaindine cream in October.
In terms of sales operations, the company marketing system is reporting.
During the reporting period, the marketing team expanded from 160 at the end of 2020 to 236 at the end of 2021, providing a strong guarantee of high-quality client depth. For many years, the company has continued to strengthen the combined impact of brands through deep operations, with the help of a doctor’s injection license system.
A core group of professionals, such as online learning platforms, online academic meetings, etc., have been effective in enabling the introduction of new products during the day. Profit predictions and investment ratings: we keep looking at the firm’s long-term high growth in the track.
Qualitativeity and the salient advantages of companies as cutting edges in R & D certification, marketing of products, etc. The epidemic has repeatedly disturbed end demand: increased competition for medical and aesthetic products: less advanced R & D than expected.
The Māori rate/net interest rate level remained high during the year. In the first quarter of 2022, the company achieved gross operating income of $431 million, an increase of 66.07 per cent over the previous year ' s RMB 259 million in the same period; and net return to the mother was $280 million, an increase of $171 million in the same period in the previous year.
On a seasonal basis, cost end optimization is evident, with 1q2022 having an increase of 2.0 pct 2.1. by product: high body growth, product succession, high performance in piloting solution injecting products, and strong gel products as they go on the market during the daytime.
In terms of the product structure of the income, the sustained release of solution injection products/gel injection products/products in 2021 led to high growth in corporate income. In the second half of 2021, the company’s first gel injection product based on concentrated left-wing ecstasy, which was approved by Nmpa during the day, was listed as currently the only second-largest country in the country.
The company’s core performance is driven mainly by the growth in end demand, with high sales in 2021 continuing. Solution-injection products, represented by hives, have more than doubled since 2020.
The planting line product benefited from the highest rate of increase in sales of the low base effect, at 190 per cent. The unit price of the product remained stable and rising in 2021, and the listed gel injections were upgraded during the day, with significant price increases in the product category.
We've decided that it is mainly daytime to raise the gel product class structure as a high-end new product, and the price of the product to increase. For example, the price/volume of gel injected products other than daytime is higher than in 2020.
In terms of volume and average sales, we find that during the day we get good market feedback in the first year on the market and expect further increases in unit prices in the driver category. 2.2. By sales pattern: the number of direct distributors and distributors has steadily increased.
The company maintains a sales model supported by direct sales, and the share of direct sales proceeds is stable at over 60%. In 2021, the direct sales channel generated $883 million and the distributor channel generated revenue. In terms of direct sales, the number of direct sales of cooperative medical institutions has risen from year to year, and sales teams have expanded and expanded.
Since 2018, direct sales cooperation agencies have gradually increased from about 1,100 to over 100, and in terms of historical price data, the strong regulatory power of the direct sales model has laid the foundation for a stable pricing system.
For example, overall prices have remained stable, while prices for core products, such as hips, have risen slightly with the end of the new product extension period, while prices for Wah Hee-Bing and Xiaohai-Bing products have declined over the same period. The period between January and June of the year; and (2) due to the lack of direct comparability between the full-calibre unit prices of Wah Hee-Bio.
A comparative analysis of the unit price of the products sold in the brand name “Licure” (excluding 0.5 ml) is based on a book of offer: for dealers: the number of corporate stock dealers is on the rise, with new distributions except in 2019
In 2017-2019, the share of stock distributors in the distribution channels increased steadily, reaching 86 per cent in 2019. Regionally: in 2021, China/North-East/South-West/North-West
The top income-contribution areas accounted for 45 per cent in 2021, while the North-West region contributed the smallest 3 per cent, while the remaining five regions, namely North, South-South, Central, South-West, North-West and North-West, did not differ significantly, with their share of revenue falling between 7 and 13 per cent.
3.1. Cost end: material under scale effect, labour cost optimization is significant and company operating costs increase year by year as business size expands and benefits from scale effect costs
This is significantly lower than the increase in revenue during the same period. In 2021, the company’s operating costs rose significantly between 57.03% and the time of production, with the company selling production and rapidly increasing product sales driving the company’s rapid expansion of production patterns, reaching 3,63.7 million in 2021, an increase of about 88% in the same year.
In terms of cost structure, the material cost ratio shows an overall downward trend, while in the last two years there has been an increase in labour costs, manufacturing costs as a share of operating costs compared to the period prior to 2020. In recent years, the company’s material cost has declined mainly from the decline in raw material purchase prices.
The cost of labour per product has decreased significantly, while the cost of manufacturing has fluctuated significantly in the context of the plant expansion relocation. The company’s manufacturing costs consist mainly of indirect costs such as depreciation of production equipment, consumption of materials that cannot be directly attributed to the cost estimates, rental of the production workshop, and utilities consumed by the production process.
In 2020, the company completed the relocation of the plant from Changping to Ping Valley, and the plant and its attachments, the equipment and the production line for the implantation of medical devices were officially put into operation in Pygmy district, with 81 per cent of the cost per manufacturing unit rising in 2020 in the context of the increase in the production and use of fixed assets.
After that, the cost of manufacturing fell by about 24 per cent in 2021 per year, further expanding the volume of production. 3.2. Cost side: sales, overheads, matching business expansion, high revenue amortization period costs
On a year-by-year basis, sales management rates have been consistently optimized, with an increase in spending in the last two quarters. In 2021, sales costs increased by 0.80 pct to 10.81 per cent over the same period, and management costs have increased by the nature of costs, meeting fees, sales promotions, travel traffic in the context of the 2020 epidemic.
The main cost base is lower for fees, business hospitality, advertising, and so on. Despite the impact of the 2020 low-base epidemic, there has been a steady increase in labour costs, meetings, travel, hospitality and advertising costs, with meetings, advertising and advertising costs increasing at a more complex rate than in 2019-2021.
In view of the change in the share of costs in revenue collection, the trend towards a decrease in the share of costs per category over the last three years is evident. In 2021, the share of conference fees and advertising fees in operating income increased significantly compared to the previous year, and is estimated to be mainly related to the reasons for the low base of the epidemic in 2020, with another 2021.
Annual service costs and office costs represent a moderate increase compared to the previous year. Labour costs are a core component of sales and management costs, accounting for more than 10 per cent of operating income.
In the last three years, the number of employees has risen significantly, from 37% to 47%, the ratio of R & D to technicians has remained unchanged at 23%, compared to the overall pace of business expansion 4.
In terms of financial indicators, the company’s profitability and efficiency have improved. The company’s Māori rate, net interest rate, roe, and roa have remained at the highest levels in recent years, and Māori rates have increased significantly against the background of a decline in the main companies involved, with net interest rates significantly higher than those of the same industry.
On the other hand, since 2018, corporate sales rates have been at the lowest level compared to comparable companies, with R & D rates only 134 days/148 days, significantly shorter than their counterparts, and with excellent asset liquidity.
Figure 35. Comparison of Emmett with the net interest rate of comparable companies Figure 36. Comparison of Emmett with comparable company Roe (net/average) Figure 37. Comparison of Emmett with comparable company Roa
Figure 38. Comparison of Emerica's sales costs with those of comparable companies Figure 39. Emerica's management rates with those of comparable companies Figure 40. Emerica's business cycles with those of comparable companies
During the reporting period, the company weighed the sum of its products, which contained left-story emulsion-Ethylene co-polymer microballs, which were condensed with transparent sodium acid gels during daytime.
In June 2021, with the approval of the National Institute of Medicine, a certificate of registration was obtained for the production of medical instruments of the type of hysteria. In the second half of 2021, the certificate was commercialized in the country: a partial inchoate of the whole skin used for adult shallow skin surgery.
In the past, the development and marketing of the Emmett products has been at the forefront of the industry. Emmett is the first domestic firm to obtain a certificate from the National Drug Control Service for the registration of sodium injectable with transparent sodium acid medical products approved for facial sodium repair by a soft tissue, and it is the same type of product currently approved by the National Drug Control Service.
The company now has seven iii-type medical devices, which are diversified and differentiated, including five skin fillers based on transparent acids, one skin filler based on polyroic acids, and one facial ii-type medical devices.
In addition to the updated product, six of the iii medical devices listed are the first national products in the respective subdivisions, or are roughly synchronized with the initial domestic approvals, with a certain pre-eminence.
Figure 42. Emmett’s main product, the company’s R & D input is expanding in tandem with its operations in terms of specific resource inputs. In 2021, R & D fees amounted to $102 million, representing 7.07 per cent of operating income, and the amount of R & D investment increased by 66 per cent over the same period;
At the same time, the company ' s research and development team grew to 91 by the end of 2021, accounting for the company ' s total population.
Solution and gel skin filler products, plant line products, etc., are inoculation-type medically fined articles, of which the Hive is the first injector product with neck-line adaptives, which is expected to continue at a high rate as consumer education and market goodwill are built.
"Angel" is well on the market, and as a market-only Nmpa-approved polysophic acid products expect rapid release and lead company gel injection products to achieve steady progress in the product class through structural upgrading, according to reasonable assumptions, further splitting and measuring the sales of gel injection products: due to daylight.
Makes one of the skin fillings based on polyroic acid for innovative products based on gel products other than daytime (e.g., figure 12) and further estimates the speed of business growth in conjunction with the corresponding market acceleration. As an outstanding advantage of the cutting edge in the area of breakdown in terms of certification of research and development, marketing of products, etc., we maintain the `Recommended'
Note one: The epidemic repeatedly disturbs the end demand; reminder two: the competition for medical and aesthetic products is increasing; reminder two: R & D is not progressing as expected.