For the first time, with the winds of beauty and beauty, they are in the upper chain of medicine and beauty, specialized in bio-medical soft tissue restoration materials development and life.
Production and sale of seven items of medical equipment of the iii type approved by the National Drug and Monitoring Service, including five series of skin fillers based on transparent sodium acid, one skin filler based on polyroxic acid, one facial line-laying product, and a large stock of research products. The company has a product & R & D & qualification.
& Channel barriers, deep and wide moats, excellent profitability, and a wide range of opportunities for growth.
Rapid growth is expected to reach 653.5 billion yuan in 2030, and the period 2020-2030 will gradually become the mainstream of health-care consumption. High barriers to upstream raw material production, consumption, and appliances in the medical-American chain lead to higher value added and greater profitability, which is the most valuable investment in the chain.
Barriers: Barriers to access, deep and wide protection of the city's rivers.
Products vary & pipe abundance to build joint treatment solutions. Companies are organized in the fields of ha, line, regenerative, and plastic optics, and they are the most abundant medical appliance enterprises in the product matrix. 2 R & D barriers: strong R & D power to secure a stock of products.
At the forefront of the industry, 45 patents have been cumulatively registered, 25 of which are patents on inventions, and 8 of which are currently in the process of being studied.
Medical equipment products, with the total number of registrations in place, are ahead of schedule and multiple. 4-channel barriers: direct marketing is a pre-emptive advantage with the depth of the B-side medical and American institutions. Companies are based on a sales model of “direct sales are dominated, distribution is supported”, with a direct sales revenue ratio of about 60-70%.
Quality customer resources are captured and market demand is captured in a timely manner. Space: Industry is well-developed and new products are available. Product space: 1 transparent substance acid products.
S0270519060001, smart acid products on the market.
The size of the income is expected to increase further in the future, as high-value prices increase and product quality efficiency rises to open up the price ups and ups.
During the daytime, along with the long-spring S.B.E.A.V.'s pins, during the day, there are a number of ways in which the injection resolutes, the immediate effects of injections, the relief of the pain from injections and the control of the channel have a competitive advantage, and the future is expected to be another product after the highs. Three sides of the face are planted.
The market for facial line-planting products is in its infancy, estimated at 187 million yuan in 2025, or 47.5 per cent. Only three products are currently approved for facial line-laying in the country, and the company's products were approved in May 2019, while the company introduced Korea's patent technology.
The technology accelerates the development and production of second-generation plant-line products, which are expected to gain a wide market space in the future. The main distribution space is: one botulinum toxin product.
In terms of acid market demand and space, domestic botulinum toxins are still in the blue sea market and, if approved successfully, will benefit from a strong market dividend. 2 Fertilizer products. China’s weight management product is 100 million yuan, capr 22.1 per cent for 2025-2030.
But the price is high, and there are 11 products under study, including 8 innovative drugs and 3 generics, love, and the US is still in a clinical trial phase, and research and development is progressing a little late, but ultimately the ability to generate revenue depends not only on pre-existing advantages, but also on channeling and extension capacity.
The market size is estimated to be 805 million cagr 37.3% of the American-American formula ' s DNA injection fluid is pre-clinical. At the research stage, there is only one solution needle in the country at the clinical trial stage.
There will be negative disturbances, but it is expected to maintain a high rate of growth in performance with the growth in core product volumes; in the long term, the high profile of the medical industry will continue, national production substitution and tighter regulation will be conducive to the development of compliant leaders, and corporate master products are still in the growth stage.
For the first time, a “buy-in” rating will be given, taking into account the firm's own strengths and trends in industry. Risk factors: risk of epidemic intensity, risk of industrial policy change, risk of product development and registration,
The risk of increased competition in the market and the risk of product quality.
The company’s many listed products, such as injections with transparent acids and polydioxycyclohexone facial implants, have been developed and built, with the transparent acids receiving the first npas, the Hives, the Bonidas, and so on.
In 2004, Emmett was officially established in Beijing and changed to a limited company in 2016, until 2020, when the company was listed on the board. The first phase: the build-up period 2004-2009.
In 2009, the first transparent acid injection product in the country was launched. Second phase: 2010-2019, the product matrix enrichment phase. After the first transparent acid product was marketed, the company managed to avoid competition for the price of the same product, targeting market demand for a breakdown of formulas, injection sites, injection experiences, etc.
The successive roll-out of explosive products such as Bonida, Effie, Jämei Plus One, and Hives has created a pre-emptive advantage, and has worked with the South Korean huons to develop botulinum toxin products, along with the establishment of the Biomedical Materials Product Conversion Platform and the Peace Valley New Plant to optimize existing products, as well as the production capacity of the research project and the research and development team.
Phase III: Extension of product lines from 2019 to the present. The country's first face-planting line products, “close love”, were marketed in May 2019; in May 2021, live bubble needles were launched in the field of resistance to decay, creating complementary patterns with the rest of the products, and joint treatment solutions were optimized: an upgraded version of the regenerative needles, “silver daytime” was introduced in June 2021, and npa was made available.
Approval for listing; botulinum toxin and Lilalupe injection fluids are also entering the clinical three-stage trial and clinical phase, respectively.
In 2018, the shareholders transferred 7.2 million shares to Gannettpeaklicited, and in October 2021, the company announced that it had lost 2.12 per cent of its shares, as of 28 April of this year.
The deadline has expired, with real reductions accounting for 1.83% of the total equity. The chairman of the company, Ms. Jang Jun, holds 30.96% of the company’s shares, is the actual controller of the company, and indirectly holds 7.08% of the company’s shares through the Danret investment, client-oriented investment and movement-oriented investment. The company holds 38.04% of the company’s shares, both directly and indirectly.
They also hold shares in the company and have a centralized equity structure. They have 6.41% and 4.28% shares in the company’s employee holding platform, respectively. Board members, senior managers, and core research teams, including Jan, have well-known academic qualifications and extensive industry research and development experience, both within and outside the country.
Not only are there efficient management practices, but they also have excellent R & D capabilities, and the core technical staff of the R & D team have multiple patents for inventions. As of December 2021, the company had 45 patents, R & D and technicians represented 1.3 of the total number of employees in the market.
A series of skin fillers based on transparent sodium acids, a skin filler based on polyroxic acids, a facial burying line products. Specific products include: a domestic first transparent sodium sodium sodium sodium sodium filler, a domestic first sodium transparent filler containing pva microballs, and a domestic first transparent sodium sodium sodium sodium sodium sodium sodium sodium acid injection material with aldocaine.
In the daytime, Effie, the domestic head starter composite injection material for the restoration of the neck, and the new compound for the restoration of the wrinkled skin, the approved headline skin filler with the left-clad emulsion-ethanol co-polymer microballs, among which Fumei, Po, Nida, Effie, and Hive 4 products are branded as new new products in Beijing. The company has a new product in Beijing every 2-3 years.
Innovative products emerge, relay the growth of the company, and create a diverse and rich product matrix. Chart 3: Corporate listings (all iii-type medical devices) show good performance, and revenue and net profits are growing rapidly. Corporate performance is at a high rate of growth, 2014-2021
The year's high performance was largely due to the continued growth in the revenues from high-growth system sales, good consumer end feedback from commercialization during the daytime, a certain revenue contribution from the current season, the prospect of continued performance from subsequent releases, and strong demand for corporate product markets.
Solution-based injecting products and gel-injection products contribute to the main income, and the share of sodium-injection products continues to rise.
The products include the medically modulated sodium-hydroxypropyl methyl cellulose gel with polyethylene gel microballs, the modifier sodium-hydroxypropyl methyl cellulose gel (Punida), the gel with translucent sodium-hydroxypropyl methyl cellulose (Amexa), the sodium-hydroxypropyl gel (Amexi plus I), the convergence of sodium-translatable acid microballs with left-rotonic emulsion acid-ethylene condensate (Assisting during the day);
Solution-type products include sodium translucent acid composite solution (heptide) injected, hydropropyl methyl cellulose-transparent sodium acid solution (happiness). Solvent-based and gel-injected products are the company’s main products, accounting for 72.3 per cent and 26.6 per cent of the 21-year revenue, respectively, contributing 98.9 per cent. And in recent years, as a result of an increase in the volume of high-level sales,
Companies have an excellent upstream advantage for profitability. Emmett, as a upstream manufacturer, has a higher barrier and a higher concentration of industries, with a stronger voice than downstream channels in the industrial chain, with less resistance to product extension, while relying on his own differences. The product matrix, which captures market demand with precision, has remained at around 90% Māori in recent years, with less volatility.
pcts, on the one hand, as a result of corporate development, mature R & D systems and channel management, emerging economies of scale, lower cost rates during the period, and on the other hand, high value-added products such as Hi Panda needles and daytime increases. The cost rate fell from 47.6 per cent to 25.83 per cent during the period 2014-2021.
In recent years, the company has seen a rapid increase in sales, which has led to a decline in the number of days in stock, from 389.06 days in 2014 to 121.76 days in 2021. At the same time, the company has adopted a cash-to-consignment settlement for its clients, with accounts receivable mainly in one year and accounts receivable in the same amount.
The future expansion of productive capacity is strongly supported by two industry analyses: light medicine and beauty, a trend that is legitimate, a vast space for national medicine and consumer goods, a boom in the market for 2.1 medicine and a boom in “light medicine and beauty”
Medical beauty refers to the repair and reconstruction of the human face and the shape of the various sections of the human body using surgical, pharmaceutical, medical devices and other traumatic or intrusive medical and technological methods. As China’s economy has evolved in recent years, the country’s economy has risen steadily, and the population is in material condition.
According to Freste Sullivan, China’s medical and American market grew to 15.4 billion yuan in 2020, and the 2016-2020 complex.
In comparison with developed countries that have matured markets, we have seen an increase in medical penetration from 2.4% to 3.6% between 2014 and 2019, but compared to 20.5% in 2019.
There is four times less room for development, and in 2019 there were 17.4 medical consultations per thousand people, less than one fifth of Korea's, and our medical and aesthetic market will enter a more stable growth pattern as the consumption capacity of the major consumer forces increases after 90 years and the acceptance of the United States after 70 years.
Non-surgery projects are favoured, with micro-stitution and light medicine becoming a trend. The main types of medical beauty are classified into surgical and non-surgery types, such as five officers, skin, mouth, body, and so on. The most common ones are heavy stubs, noses, chests, etc.; non-surgery types are mainly through injections, lasers, and other energy-based skin treatments.
See items such as urinary acid injections, photo-skins and laser stripping. Compared to surgical projects, non-surgery projects have low risk factors, relatively low prices, small openings and short recovery periods, highly adaptable post-operative features that cater to the needs of consumers with much of the lower budget, time constraints, a small expected range of adjustments and lower risk tolerance.
Figure 18: Classification of medical beauty
From 2014 onwards, China’s market model for light medicine and US industry has been growing steadily and rapidly. Frost Sullivan data show that China’s market for non-surgery American industries grew from RMB 30.8 billion to RMB 77.3 billion annually, with a composite growth rate of 25.9%.
Injecting medicine projects include urinary acid injections, botox injections, water photo pins, glycoprotein, regenerative materials, etc., with high prevalence and responsiveness in the medical and aesthetic market.
In 2019, the American market for injecting medicine was 30.9 billion yuan, and in 2015-2019 the combined annual growth rate of the transparent acid project, “Molecular filling plus small molecular recharge”, became the product of the greatest demand for medicine, and the injection of botulinum toxins was no different. The development of the Injection American project, which is represented by transparent acid and botulinum toxins, has also become a recent development.
China’s rapidly expanding market for medicine and the United States is the main support for the rapid expansion of the US market, with injecting medicine accounting for more than 85% of all non-surgical medicine in 2019, surpassing mature markets like Japan and the United States. The Americians are resistant to aging, skin management consciousness, and demand for injections is rejuvenated from a filling plastic to a facial function.
In recent years, small molecules have become transparent and acidic, which has become a sharp instrument for facial improvement, skin condition management, and so on, especially for light-faced wrinkles, such as hives.
Nationally produced transparent acids that provide solutions with stripes, mouth stripes, neck stripes are recognized in the market, and already marketed during the day, which has the effect of reversing mycology and regenerating gel proteins. 2.2 Upstream barriers to enterprise are evident, with high concentration and profitability of producers.
In the medical-American industry chain, the industry is upstream of manufacturers of medical beauty raw materials, consumables, pharmaceutical manufacturers and equipment, and in the medical-American industry, medical beauty services, including plastic surgery, dermatology and non-public medical beauty services in public hospitals, both on-line and off-line channels to connect a large number of end-users.
Upstream: Barriers are stronger, leading to higher value added and higher profitability. Looking at the entire medical-American industry chain, the relative concentration of upstream raw material production, consumption, and appliancers is the most investment-valued link in the entire industry chain.
Due to the specific regulatory policies of the pharmaceutical industry and high R & D investment, entry thresholds are relatively high, barriers are stable, transparent substance acids are generally approved for 3-5 years, and it takes 8-10 years for botulinum toxin as a neurotoxin. Too hard certification is the basis for success, coupled with demand insight + strong R & D + abundant channels
On the other hand, the high threshold of the upstream chain has led to a high concentration and profitability across the upstream chain, especially the 70-90% Māori ratio of pharmaceutical consumers. Medical-American producers have core technology and are able to achieve large-scale standardized production that reduces scale effects.
In the case of domestic listed companies, upstream raw materials, pharmaceutical companies, have earned higher profits in recent years against the background of light-medicated, injecting-type medical fire. In 2017-2021, there were three upstreams in the areas of beauty, Wah Hee-Bing, and seafood.
The Māori ratio of manufacturers is over 75 per cent, with American-Americans focusing on higher value-added dividends in the production of raw materials, richly diverse product matrices that match the diverse needs of those seeking it, sustained growth in the volume of multiple outlet items such as Hives, and strong price-fixing by companies, yielding as much as 90 per cent Māori.
In a situation of high terminal prices in the medical industry, the profit space of the services remains monolithic, but, due to the fragmentation of the services, the profitability of the services varies from 50% to 60%. The services range from 50% to 60%.
The cost of consumables as a percentage of income is equally low when sold to beauty seekers because of relatively low price transparency and the premium on doctors' operations, but service providers need to consume more costs in terms of manpower (doctors, nurses, medical and American consultants, etc.), marketing (underline, 100% competition, electricity providers, etc.), rents and other operations management, resulting in lower profit margins and even lower profits.
Losses. The main reason for this is that industry entry thresholds are relatively low, leading to fragmentation and disorderly competition.
Figure 25: Analysis of profit distribution in the industrial chain of medicine and the United States (in the case of transparent products of acid) 2.3 Import substitution + compliance substitution opens up space for domestic producers of United States materials import substitution: national borrowing price advantage expands the sunk market
\triangleright has a price advantage or promotes substitution for imported products. Due to the early entry times, transparent acid products in the current medical market, which are more well-known and of wider audience, remain mainly import brands such as Rhélène 2, Yvonne, and Alive.
Imports are more expensive than domestic brands, and lower-budget consumers are hard to accept. As the market is gradually being cultivated after a few years, the market will gain a larger share.
The U.S. penetration rate is as high as 22.1%, in second-line cities only 8.6%, and in third-line cities only 4.3%, as the country’s brands of explicit acid continue to be marketed, it will be favoured in the markets of the two or three cities by the characteristics of their low-priced quality. The compliance alternative, “Black Doctors” market, is larger, and policy-side compliance markets return.
There are more areas of non-compliance and fewer options for treatment. According to the data from the arteries network, there are currently fewer products in the formal medicine market, with no more than 50 categories of skin fillings approved by Nmpa, while in 2015, Kfda in Korea approved 112 regulations, which directly led to the possibility of formal medical institutions.
The package of treatments available to consumers is not very well developed. The more popular soluble needles in the market do not currently have any Nmpa-approved products that will be listed directly in the future and will take over the empty market.
In 2019, we predicted that there were more than 95,000 health-care providers, of which more than 82,000 were law-busting medical and aesthetic institutions, and about 13,000 were legal medical and aesthetic institutions, of which 11,000 were compliance agencies and contributed $143.6 billion.
The private sector is a strong force, with nearly 8,000 private institutions contributing $119.3 billion, or 83 per cent, and growing rapidly, with Cagr reaching 24.5 per cent in 15-19, exceeding the public sector by about 10 pcts. The majority of private institutions are outpatient clinics and clinics, and according to our Health Statistics Yearbook 2020, I am in the National Camp Orthopaedic Hospital and others.
Figure 29: Distribution of Chinese medical and American institutions in 2019. Data on the number of institutions other than public (mostly public hospital orthopaedic units) are based on the total number of hospitals published by the Irene consultation, less the number of private orthopaedics published in the statistical yearbook.
The above figure assumes that the proportion of outpatients in legal compliance institutions relative to the number of clinics is consistent with the distribution among legal institutions. There is a clear trend toward tighter medical supervision, which will enable compliance service providers to take over the demand from non-compliant service providers in recent years.
The most recent round of corrections, in conjunction with the National Post Office, is expected to play an important role in combating the “last kilometre” of the flow of medicines such as water and counterfeits. The policy has gradually shifted from norm-setting to the development of regulations.
In January 2022, China's Orthopaedic Association announced the 14th Five-Year Plan for the Construction of China's Medical Beauty Standard System, which sets out more than 50 criteria.
In March 2022, the National Drug Control Authority issued a public bulletin (No. 30 of 2022) on the adaptation of some of the contents of the Catalogue of Medical Devices.
Some of the medical products are regulated by a partial adjustment table to the Catalogue of Medical Devices, which identifies radio frequency treatment machines, radio frequency skin treatment devices, water radiators, facial implants, facial lines, facial cone lines, which are regulated in accordance with the three categories of medical devices. We believe that it is expected that the level of drop-off for remediation operations will gradually increase, with priority given to the fight.
Combating illegal medical institutions, as well as illegal products such as water and counterfeit products, is expected to generate demand from medium- and long-term compliant pharmacists and medical finers to drive industrial health development.
3 Barriers: Production & R & D & Qualifications & Channel Barriers, Deep and Wide Protected Rivers, 3.1 Product Barriers: Product Diffusion & Pipeline Affluence Building Joint Treatment Solutions
The main features of skin ageing are the presence of deeper wrinkles and the loss of the volume of soft tissue under the skin. In terms of skin hierarchy: the real cortex becomes thinner by two skins and softer under the skin; the gel protein synthesis and reduction of content; the elastic fibre is fractured and lax; the cells are old and under-revealed; and the cells are out of shape.
The lack of three depths of fat, the loss of fat institutions and lulls, the lax elasticity of the elastic belts, and the insulation of the four-breed tissues between them have reduced the support of the deep tissues. The beauty-seekers have grown by age, the skin has become older and their ability to assess and accept the beauty projects has increased in order to restore the entire skin to a normal natural beauty state.
There is a need to drug the beauty seeker according to his different skin aging phenomena, for example, one water light and a strong pulse, a light skin beauty instrument (for improving skin surface aging), two skin irritation to promote gel origin, knitting and adding self-generative skin tissue composition (for fine skin strips and lower elastic force); and three urinary acids, for example, to increase skin.
The volume of ingredients in real skin (for volume loss); fat transplants, etc., which increase their fatty tissues (for a reduction in the fat layer);3 the use of botulinum toxin products, such as soothing to improve wrinkles or reduce over-developed muscles (for kinetic stripes and muscle fatness). We believe that the importance of joint treatment solutions is reflected in different problems.
“Diplomatic” and improvements in the effects of previous projects, such as wire sculptures + urinary acid, filling + botulinum toxin, and photovoltaic + botulinum toxin, are increasingly important for medical services as to how to extend the consumer's life cycle and increase the value of the single customer's entire life cycle in the context of the rise of light medicine.
More demand has been raised, the abundance of product pipelines and the ability to build joint treatment solutions and develop appropriate extension programmes will be important competition dimensions, where companies that are well-placed are expected to gain a stronger channel voice on the basis of their own product matrix, while also significantly extending the application landscape of individual products under the flag.
Figure 31: Different levels applied to different projects Figure 32: Examples of joint treatment solutions
It's rich, and it's well-structured in the fields of ha, wire-planted, regenerative, and plastic fibres, of which ha products are diverse and have a single star with high neck pins, panda needles, etc. that are well-positioned and well-positioned, as well as new baths like bubble needles.
The company is also developing products for the treatment of polyethylene gel microballs in medical applications with polymeric acid sodium condensate, injectables for the dissolving of transparent acid subcutaneous injections, and so on. In contrast to their counterparts, Wah Hee-Bio has only one type of transparent acid, and they love the layout of one class of translucent acid.
There is wide scope for future growth through the active layout of the 5th track. Figure 33: Number of products approved by major companies in different medical lanes. Figure 34: Comparison of transparent Quality Acid products
The development of the Hive was an autonomous research and development of the need to dewreck the neck in the area of decomposition, which was approved by Nmpa in 2016 and then marketed in the first half of 2017, when most of the products in the market were designed for adaptive conditions such as facial wrinkled, soluble lipids, so that the Hig is also the only domestic first item to be used for the restoration of the neck.
In addition, several commodification projects have been completed and technical and formulation patents have been obtained for the organization of liquid imitation techniques and for the correction of skin wrinkled injections, radioactive fluids and their preparation methods, creating uniqueness and technical barriers, and there are currently no competitions and products under development in the city.
The main components of the Hive include sodium transparent acid, various amino acids, vitamins b2 and l-septic, with amino acid aided, human secretion proteins, vitamin-aided protein-combined fibres, and the antioxidation of l-sepsis to protect the reconstructed gel fibre structure, which has increased the filling and tightness of transparent acids.
Then, under the real skin, a new self-plastic protein retinal structure was created, which worked well in plaguing the tails of the neck, face-stamping, etc., compared to the previously wrinkled products of boulic acid, botox toxin, the body has a clear advantage in the repair of static wrinkles, and in the restoration of the relatively thin skin of the neck, so the body also has a higher strength.
Strong consumer stickyness and higher product repurchase rates, with a large proportion of consumers who inject high-body products choosing to inject again every 1 to 3 months.
The period of market growth has shifted to a fast-disbursing period, with a significant expansion in the size of the harvest with a full price rise. Hi, 2017 – and, at the same time, the share of high-income income generation has been rising year by year. In 2020, while sales revenue has slowed relative to growth affected by the epidemic, it has already accounted for more than half of the total revenue, achieving a value-driven growth in corporate performance throughout the year.
Target. On the one hand, there has been a rapid increase in product sales, while on the other hand there has been a steady increase in average unit prices due to the ingenuity of the product in the market in which it is located.
Hi panda needles use "low permeability adjustment" to improve fish tailings, black eye rings, eye bags, tear ditches, etc., to rejuvenate the need for rejuvenating the eye every week. In addition, they use multi-model combinations for injections and spot-and-shock combination therapy to expand treatment coverage, improve treatment effectiveness, and solve problems in combination with other transparent acid products of the company, such as tightness.
In May 2021, the company launched a live-bulb needle, the first skin-resistible iii-type medical device with an i-muscular active ingredient, and an invigorated pelican-resistance system.
Pyridium active ingredient achieves double resistance (anti-smelting yellow + antioxidative resistance) and is rehydrated through bi-molecular urinary acid (molecular chained water base, enhanced absorption of the skin horn layer against the active substance + rapid permeation of small molecules, enhanced cell function).
To create a “medical separation film” that will have the effect of disillusioning, radiating, permeating and tightening, creating a new model of “one-size-fits-all” medicine, offering the first step of “building foundations and then restoring” medical beauty.
In Taiwan, the two-American flag of both sides of the Taiwan border is soft-skinned and skin-skinned pelican proteins, all three of which have improved swelling and dindal effects compared to the traditional urinary acid, but are more competitive than panda needles, which are currently marketed for high-body panda needles at $3980/ml, 4800-8,800/ml, and even 13,800/ml, compared performance.
On top, heated bodies are better suited to fill in light tear ditches and light blood vessels with dark eyes, which are less attractive than they are to fill the plaque, have more lasting effects, and less softer than to desalinate the colored black eye. Combined pricing and performance suggest that high-body panda needles are better suited to the young ups and downs of the night party, taking the lead in winning the dominant market for young beauty seekers, and expanding the market share of the eye week.
Bobonida Bonida is the country's first transparent sodium-hydroxypropyl methyl cellulose gel containing pva microballs, with a composition of 80% polymeric transparent acid + 20% pva microballs, for injection filling between the depths of the skin and the shallow layers of the skin.
Long-active bone filling material in which sodium transparent acids support and fill, and pva microballs are a very slow metabolic ingredient in humans that can be long-lived after transparent acids are absorbed into humans and stimulates the regenesis of proteins to perform long-activating fillings.
Bonida focuses on high-end, high-security. Compared to its main contestant, ABEV injection prosthetics, Bonida's safety from natural degradation of the human body is very well suited to the needs of the beauty-seeking, pva microballs with a diameter of less than 25 micrometres do not trigger human discharge reactions, and transparent acid components of non-animal origin ensure good biocompatibility, which is contained in ABEV.
The 32-40 μmmpmma microballs are non-absorbed by humans, with uneven injections and long-term residues that may lead to bruising. Bonida’s high-end positioning series, with the latest retail guidance price raised by 30% to $16.8 million, catching up to 13.7 million in Lovebev, is still willing to pay a “safe” premium on Bonida.
During the day, the skin filler with the left-and-educe condensate microball, which is a national product and the world's first approved product, is the core of the confluence of ha, left- and ethyl diol condensate microball.
The sdam patent technique, which binds the pelvic-ethanol co-polymer (plla-peg) evenly in a transparent mix, does not require any resolutory, reduces the risk of operational exposure to infection and makes injections easier; the combination of the urinary acid components is immediately filled; all components are completely degraded.
It's easier to be safe during the day to combine the advantages of the compound. The price is higher than the price of the needles of the young girl Yeon-seong under the umbrella of Chinese medicine, and the price of the single needle is 12,800 dollars during the day, compared to the price of the needle under the banner of St. Boma, which is the main competition in the market.
The price difference between the market price of Ave and Eyeon's needles is $18,800. Moreover, during the day, the ease of non-resolved injections, the total degradation of components, and unique bi-parent microballs minimize the risk of bruising and the safety of inflammatory reactions have increased competitiveness.
Tightness is the country's first face-planting product with a concentration of dioxycyclohexone as its main material. Polydioxycyclohexone (ppdo) is a fully degradable material, converted to water and carbon dioxide discharge after 180 days in the body, which is highly hydrolytic, biocompatible and flexible. The product is applied to the surface subsurface fat chamber, which creates new incentives after implantation.
The company’s tightness products are of a variety of types compared to the mint, and are divided into three types of threads: smooth lines, spiral wires, short-saw gears, needle types, diameters, lengths of threads also distinguish between the applicable parts and the lifting effects.
30-90 mm is a small line, and the design is more suitable for facial precision and emoticons than for mint 40-150 mm. Tightness is still in the market-breeding phase, and, given the current low level of mature compliance products, is expected to take the lead in completing the consumer education and market extension into the release phase.
3.2 Barriers to R & D: Strong R & D power to secure a stock of products The cutting edge technology becomes the firm backbone of the company and the autonomous R & D product continues to be marketed. Through in-house R & D and external collaboration, the company constantly develops innovative products, moving the product mix from biomedical materials to biopharmaceuticals, chemical pharmaceuticals, etc.
Extensions vary in the functional positioning of products, but at the same time there is a strong synergy to adapt to dynamic changes in market demand. Companies usually develop their own markets every two to three years, and now have eight major products, while using firm-based R & D quality and channels to control them, and the resistance to new products being rolled out to consumption ends is significantly reduced.
Commercialization is successful. Previously, the market was so loud that it quickly contributed to the new performance growth point as soon as it was marketed during the daytime.
By December 2021, the company had accumulated 45 patents, 25 of which were patents on inventions, solid liquid-grading technologies, tissue liquid-mixing technologies, and aquatic secrets.
There are a number of core technologies, such as microball suspension technology, suspended and diffused two-friendly microball technology. Figure 43: Major technology and corresponding patents available in companies. Research and development is at the forefront of the industry. Due to the increase in the number of R & D and technicians and the development of compounds, pre-clinical studies.
While research and testing are increasing the costs associated with research and development, corporate R & D inputs are increasing year by year, the downward trend in R & D rates is due to the rapid leaps in revenue generated by the completion of some products, such as the high-growth phase of market growth, but the overall performance is among the highest in the industry. Companies have a complete R & D regulatory system, which is reported in the year 2021.
There are 117 R & D and technical staff, or 23% of the total, and R & D and technologists in the fields of biological engineering, high molecular chemistry, physics, pharmaceutical engineering, etc. At the same time, companies identify R & D projects guided by market and clinical needs, and are constantly enriching their product lines to ensure a stock of products at various stages of R & D, thereby ensuring that they are sustainable.
3.3 Qualitative Barriers: Compared to the experience with R & D innovation + demand foresight + approval, our medical equipment approval process is rigorous, complex and time-consuming, testing the multi-dimensional capabilities of companies to develop innovation, demand foresight, and approval experience.
Medical devices such as orthopaedic filling devices, orthopaedic implants such as orthopaedic fillings, orthopaedic injection fillings, and laser treatment devices are medical devices in the iii category.
While companies need to have strong product R & D capabilities, they need to be able to make forward-looking judgements about market demand in the coming years. From our careful policy collage, it is easy to see how the state encourages and values innovation in medical devices, and that the declaration of innovative medical products can enjoy early intervention, accountability, detection, and systematic inspection.
Review of benefits, etc.; there is a trend towards liberalization of the use of external clinical data, which is expected to accelerate. In addition, the policy imposes higher requirements for post-market supervision of medical devices, emphasizing that the registrant and filer should strengthen the quality management of medical devices throughout the life cycle, and that the safety and effectiveness of the development, production, operation and use of medical devices throughout the process should be ensured by law.