The product layout is ahead of schedule, the doctor's tap is growing strongly, the pure doctor's pinhead, the best for profit, beauty care.
Emmett is a leading biomedical sodium repair company in the country, focusing on the development and production of biopharmaceutical end products such as urinary acid, regenerative materials, and bottox. The company has been awarded seven items of medical equipment on the market, ranking first; and the company's transparent sodium acid injection product.
In 2020, the largest share of the domestic market was 14.3 per cent, and in 2021, the high-profile track, with strong supervision of the leading compliance firm 1) industry: the domestic market for medicine and the United States continued to expand, the track was of high quality and was entering the period of gold development.
2) Policy: Regulation is increasingly accelerating the convergence of social resources to the normative sector, which is conducive to obtaining a greater share of the market for top-level compliant medical and beauty manufacturers and promoting quality development in the medical and aesthetic sector.
The full and differentiated matrix of products drives the company to grow. The company has strong certification capacity, with nine major products certified for an average of two years/certificate. Solution products are 21 years of business income + 52.80%. The company has a high market sensitivity, forward-looking layouts of all types of products, and the system is listed as Hi.
The company's base plate, which continuously contributes to the growth of its operations, enables the new fabric to regenerate the American market during the day - a new growth curve is created by the heavy-pound relay of products such as botox, solution needles, etc., by comparing the annual stock with 300 depths.
Multidimensional construction of a stable state system 1) Organizational management: excellent governance and sufficient incentives for employees. The company’s first shareholder, Jean-Aunt, holds 38.04% of the company’s shareholdings. The executive sector has more than 10 years of experience, and the stock incentives are tied to depth.
(c) Marketing, extending product coverage; and) research and development: R & D took over in 2021.
Patents, many of which were approved for the first time in the country. “Home + Cooperation” constantly injects new energy into R & D, with efficient innovation driving product rotation; 4) short, medium and long term: new products continue to be released, and the boundaries are wide.
Growth, long-term extension of M&As, to international markets. In a context of a high level of light medicine and beauty, and a tightening regulatory policy in the medical industry, Emmets, as a leader in domestic medical compliance with high-quality standards, rely on a variety of different product prescriptions.
Quick, clear product positioning, product mix advantages and depth of movement based on customer demand, product competitiveness, increased brand influence, and a steady rise in market ownership and penetration. For the first time, coverage, “buy-in” ratings.
Industry competition increases risks; new products are not promoted as quickly as expected; new products are developed and produced at less speed than expected; medical beauty accidents are at risk.
1.1 The research and development innovation-driven M.F.F.O.D. is based on transparent acids. The product layout is forward-looking and continuously innovative.
Research on and production of biomedical end-products such as bottox, based on pre-, medium and post-operative needs of the artist, companies provide technological leadership, high quality compliance products and solutions, and a series of transparent sodium sodium acid fillers and surface-laying line products lead the country.
The company focuses on research and development of medical needles, is the firm that has the largest number of medical devices in the country that are certified as non-surgery, and is also the manufacturer with the highest market for transparent sodium sodium sodium acid in the country in 20 years.
The company constantly explores the theoretical frontiers and technological innovations of the medical and aesthetic sector, with a forward-looking and strategic layout of the products, technologies and services of the country's medical and aesthetic industry, with a large number of products leading countries.
The development of the industry for the production of urinate needles and biomedical materials, and the expansion of the industry for the best.
Phase 2: Listing of sodium polytransparent acid products (2009 - 2011). In 2009, the company's first urinate filling product, Fumei, was approved for nmpa, a domestic first urinary acid filling product that received a medical certificate for the acetylene type.
Launching of the upgraded version of the product, US$ 1+1; in 2012, Bonida was approved for listing as a domestic first effective and transparent sodium acid injection filler: in 2015, E. Fry was approved for listing as part of the first Nmpa registration in mainland China
Injection of sodium mahjong transparent acid; company launch in 2015 of the first sodium platinum transparent sodium hydrate sodium hydrazine “Amexe”, Effie, Love, and the face-laying linen product “Place” was approved and acquired for the first time in the country.
Phase 3: Entering into the US 2.0 era, botulinum toxins, etc. are rich in research products (2020-present).
Compared to traditional childhood needles from abroad, the product has an advantage in terms of ingredient safety, operationality, comfort, active cycle, filling effect, and is expected to open up new growth space in the market for medically regenerative materials. The company owns seven three.
Class A medical certificate, injection of a type-a botulinum toxin has entered the iii stage of clinical trials, and multiple products are at the clinical trial and pre-clinical research stage.
The founder, Jianjun, holds 38.04% of the shares. The most significant share is held by the Emmett de facto controller, the chairman, Jan Gian, who holds 30.96% of the shares of the company directly, and, indirectly, 7.08% of the company ' s shares through knowledge of the military investments, the Danry investments and the customer-sovereign investments.
The shareholding ratio of the other shareholders is less than 10%, and the equity structure is concentrated in favour of stable strategic management decisions.
The company’s ipo sells strategically to 72 top managers and core cadres, accounting for 9.16% of the total number of issued shares on the market.
When listed, 29 core cadres hold an indirect share of 10.69% through the two above-mentioned holding platforms.
Figure 4 E-American equity structure, corporate executives' industry of experience, product layout, precision. Founder Jane, business agnostic, and at the end of 2003, Chimed, Sweden, officially received a urinary acid filler.
The U.S. fda approved, and Jane's army witnessed the remarkable effects of the injection. At that time, the domestic market for light medicine and beauty was not yet in existence, there was almost no market for transparent acids, and there was wide room to perceive potential markets.
The United States of America has become the most declared company in the world, with a rich product matrix that reflects the management’s forward-looking business layout. Moreover, the company’s executives and sales teams have had more than 10 years of experience in medical and aesthetics and experience in research and development, marketing, and marketing.
The growth rate of 1.3 battalions is strong, with high profitability and high net return profits. As a pure healer, the public sector has maintained a strong growth resilience.
2022q1 received $431 million, resulting in a net profit of $280 million from the mother, up from 1. Disaggregated by category: Distributed into the four main categories of solution products, gel products, facial implants and cosmetics. Solution products accounted for 2019-2021.
The products were Effie, which accounted for 71.62 per cent and 59.26 per cent, respectively; Hi, which was 43.50 per cent in 2019, went beyond Effrey to become the company's largest consumer in 19 and grew faster, rising by 20.14 pcts the same year.
3) Disbursing by channel: Direct sales are the main distribution channels for companies. In terms of direct sales and distribution as a share of sales, there is a slight decline in direct sales.
Effrey                                                              other trends.
The company's cash flow is good and it operates well. The company's technical barriers are high, its bargaining power is high up and down, and its clients pay back in a timely manner. The company's operating cash flow is increasing year by year, in the same amount as net profits, showing a strong ability to operate.
Debt ratios have shown a downward trend in the last three years, from 10.9 per cent in 2019 to 4.5 per cent in 2021, reflecting a strong solvency and robust company operations.
The first World War led to a large number of tissue defects and malformations, which caused some of them to appear outside the mouth.
In 1931, the world’s first plastic surgeons, asps, was founded in the United States. In 1988, the Korean government encouraged Han to encourage him.
In 1989, the U.S. fda allowed the use of botulinum toxins for the treatment of paranoia over the age of 12 and diseases associated with limited muscle stress disorder. In 2001, the Gana took the lead in approving the use of type A botulinum toxins for beauty medicine. In recent years, the country’s medical doctors have been treating the beauty of the United States.
The market has grown in size, and the share of light and American consumption has been rising. Although China’s healthcare and beauty market has started late, it is now the second largest in the world.
Figure 14 Global share of United States medical beauty services, % distribution of U.S. medical and aesthetic surgeries, % number of non-surgery operations
2.1 Medical American industrial chains: high upstream profitability, fragmented meso-motivated medical industry chains with a large number of openings, a constant heat from light medicine to beauty, a multifactorial drive to raise the size and penetration of medical American markets.
Upstream: Producers of medical consumables, instruments, raw materials, production of puretic acid, gel, proteins, botulinum toxins, energy-source instruments, such as Ames, Wah Hee-sheng, quadruple medicine, recovery medicine technology, etc., industrial mergers, approval of new products, etc.
There are a number of factors driving the development of the industry, such as listed growth in performance.
It is clear that it is concentrated in first-line cities and areas such as the Long Triangle, the Pearl Triangle and the South-West (Sengdu, Chongqing), with the largest private and American health institutions in the country accounting for less than 10% of the total.
For mature medical and beauty institutions to have a better combination of operations, a chaining of shops and extended mergers and acquisitions, such as langzi shares, Chinese orthopaedics, etc. Downstream: Med and beauty vertical apps like new oxygen, euphemisms, etc.
Ali’s health, American medicine, etc., and consumers, downstream institutions are less profitable in the entire chain of American industries.
The cost of marketing is 10-40%. 16 medical and American industry chains. 17 medical beauty chain links are profitable.
2.2 The high-quality track is snowy, with hundreds of billions of markets emerging, the country’s medical and American markets growing faster, and the share of light and medical consumption rising. In 2020, the country’s medical and American markets were worth over $300 billion, and the compliance market was about 300 billion.
Of this, the formal market size of the United States of America was about $50 billion in 2015 and capr+31.95% in 2015-2020. According to Irey, the share of legally compliant U.S. institutions is 12%, so the actual market size of the United States of America is much larger than projected.
In 2019, medical beauty penetration was 3.6% at a low level, but South Korea has already reached 21%, the United States has about 16.8%, and China has about one-sixth of medical beauty penetration, and the United States has one-fifth. In addition, consumer demand coverage for medical beauty is high.
Periodicity and diversity, namely “from the top to the feet” and “from the beginning to the age”, also mean that the market for medicine has a larger capacity than the eye and mouth track. The market for medicine has a more sophisticated content, with surgery and non-surgery light medicine, accounting for 58 per cent and 42 per cent of the total in 2020.
Surgery-type projects typically include eye, nose, etc., long-term training weeks for practitioners, difficult operations, and more permanent changes in human appearance. Non-surgery-type projects include, inter alia, injection, energy-based light-health projects.
“upgrade” to light medicine projects, such as transparent acids, gel proteins, and bottox injections, with more immediate effects and less risk than surgery. According to AIDS data, 15.2 million users of light medicine in China were projected in 2020, compared to surgically wholes.
Injection-based, non-surgery micrologists have a relatively low recovery time, prices and risks, and have a higher level of market acceptance.
As the supply of medical and aesthetic products rises, consumption in low-line cities and after-90s increases, accelerating industrial penetration rates. According to data from the Leaps Institute, in 2020, after 80, 90, 95, and 00
The share of consumers in the health sector is 23%, 21%, 35%, 18%: after 70 and before, only 3%, with a significant rejuvenation of the consumer population. The client group in the health sector has expanded from 35 to 45 to 20 to 55 years of age. New oxygen data.
In 2019, Chinese men sold 15,89 billion yuan in beauty parlour. In recent years, there has been a steady increase in the willingness of male consumers to consume beauty care products, as well as a market for men who care for them.
The beauty market is expected to grow rapidly. Regionally, in 2021, the proportion of health-care consumers in four large-scale cities in the north was 36.2%, and in 15 new cities in Chengdu, Nanjing, Suzhou, Chongqing and others, 38.8%.
First-line, new-line cities are still the main battlegrounds for treating America’s consumption. In 2021, the consumer of medicine was popularized by 2.3 light-medium-medium projects, with a rich product variety, transparent acids as the most popular light-medium projects, competition and the rise of national goods.
Prouretic acid is a direct chain of sugar that exists in the human body and is widely used in medicine, cosmetics, food, etc., because of good water insulation, sticky elasticity.
The top three projects ranked according to the amount of the transaction, namely, bottox, transparent acid filling, and water light needles (skin protection agent with transparent acid as the main ingredient), which accounted for more than 50 per cent of the total.23 Figure 23 China is based on the market for transparent acid skin filling products (by sale)
International brand products are technologically mature and linked to earlier channel terminals; in recent years, domestic markets for medically transparent Acid end products have been dominated by imports from foreign enterprises such as the United States of America, Korea, lig Life, Humedix, Sweden, q-med, etc., for sale
Sales statistics show foreign brands accounted for 72.6%, 70.3%, and 68% of the total market share in 2017-2019. In 2019, three of the country ' s top transparent Acid Filling Enterprises were listed in terms of sales.
In the fourth largest number of countries, the share of Wah Hee City also rose to 8.1 per cent, with a change in the pattern of competition for transparent acid injections for 242018-2019 and a pattern of competition for transparent acid injection for 252019.
(As a percentage of sales by admission price, in %) (As a percentage of sales, in %) Botox is a product of an institution receiving a passenger stream, with a high repurchase rate.
The prices of individual bottox injections are lower and more frequent than those of other medically oriented projects. The city’s approved products are increasing, the penetration rate is increasing in scope and the market is significant.
In terms of intelligence research, the size of the domestic meat and toxin market is estimated at 4.5 billion yuan in 2020 and 27 per cent in 2016-2020. The size of the market may exceed 6 billion yuan in 2022, with domestic competitors mainly in balance and discipline (Lanzhou biology), safety and security (Al-Jan), and Lattig.
Figure 26 The Botox Industrial Chain.
Low-moderate, high-potential segmenting of the track. The plyon protein is the most functional protein in the body, and 70% of the skin composition of the human skin is made up of plywood proteins. The plyonin application scene is very rich, with end applications in the fields of medical devices, beauty protection and functional foods.
According to Grandviewresearch data, the size of China ' s rubber protein market in 2019 was about $983 million, or 6.4 per cent of the global market, and cagr was about 7.8 per cent in 2016-2019, pelvic protein market was about $15.36 billion, and cagr 6.7 per cent in 2016-2019.
The Chinese market for platinum proteins has grown at a rate of 1.1 per cent worldwide, with foreign companies starting with food and medical platinum proteins, and raw materials dominated by animal sources. We are now at the forefront of the world's restructuring technology, with giants, combs, memorative medicine, etc., taking the lead in the country.
Figure 28 shows the relationship between gel protein and skin ageing, energy-source medicine has a high number of daily demands, research and development barriers, and industry has accelerated integration.
Medium. Energy-based medicine, i.e. photovoltaic medicine, is a cross-subsidization project for ordinary skin protection and utility skin protection, using lasers, radio frequencies, ultrasound, etc., to achieve the effects of tender skins, resistance to decay, hair removal, and skin-stressed plastics, and so on, in the light of medical beauty.
Smaller, the threshold is simpler than for surgical projects, which are science-based medical beauty and life-care beauty. In 2020, the country’s energy-source medical and beauty market ended at US$ 191.3 million, and in 2016-2020, capgr at 23%, which we expect to be fine in the next five years.
Figure 29 Summary of the size and growth of China's optical medicine market for 2016-2025
The guest is our leading supplier of medical beauty innovations, a company that is listed and studying products, which covers a number of high-growth paths in the medical beauty and health management markets, and the largest company in China that started its own research and development of medical beauty biomedical materials in the early days of September 2020.
A share of the business board is on the market. The company currently owns seven products certified with three types of medical devices, including five skin fillers based on transparent acids, one puppies and one pppdo-faced wire products. 21 companies receive 1,448 million yuan, compared to +104.13 per cent.
A significant increase in sales of products, a doubling of revenue, a new product that allows harvesting machines, doctors and end consumers to speak better during the day, is expected to lead to greater corporate performance.
Redevelopment input, with a cost of around 7%. The product mix is rich and strategized, and the Hive has a unique and pre-emptive advantage in the market. q4 angel and panda needles are going to be put in, and it is expected to continue at an upscaling rate.
The new Blue Sea track, which buys Korea’s huons, focuses on marketing networks, direct sales, and sales are backed up by over 2,000 cooperative medical institutions, with excellent pricing capabilities. Wah Hee-Bien: More than a whole-chain platform of boulic acid, a make-up company.
The company ' s four-wheel-drive strategy has steadily advanced, extending from producers of urinate raw materials to cosmetics, medical beauty, suppliers of functional foods, incubating new products and diversified business strategies, and maintaining a robust and high growth rate. 21 companies have achieved revenues of $4,948 million, compared to the same amount.
The next big brands sell the whole line, and the whole channel sells $325 million, £530 million, and the same sales for the Skycat platform +500%.
The business started in 2014 with an exclusive agency agreement with the Korean Hugel, which is responsible for registering its botulinum and urinary acid products in China. In October 2020, Hugel's Luthy meat, a brand of approved botulinum, had a certain scarcity of botulinum toxin, a 21-year target.
The sale of 600,000 items is expected to contribute $72 + million. 2021 achieves operating income, company agents move in tandem with autonomous R & D products, and it is expected that the hugel urinary acid will be approved in the first half of this year and will contribute in the second half.
Three industries have become more regulated, leading to good head compliance with high-quality enterprises.
There are more than 30,000 health-care institutions in the country, and there are no more than 5,000 qualified doctors. According to Irey’s consultation on the 2020 White Paper on Insights in the Chinese Medical Beauty Industry, in 2019 there were only 13,000 health-care institutions and more than 80,000 people living in the country.
The market for non-conforming products and the proliferation of water and counterfeit goods are driven by the benefits of a non-legal US project at a shop. The current market for medicine is only 33.3 per cent of the actual needles in the market.
Figure 30 Compliance ratio of medical institutions, %, figure 31, Medical photosynthesis, figure 32 Medical institutions and marketing.
21-5-2514:47 from Weibo Video.
For almost two years, the “light doctor” between surgical orthopaedic and life-like beauty has become increasingly popular with the Ami community. Among them, the “water and light needle” is a high-profile price for the market, the main one.
The ingredient is urinary acid, and it's used to rehydrate the water. The price of a water pin varies from hundreds to thousands of dollars. Large market demand has also released unprecedented business opportunities, driven by the benefits of the market.
The data show that only 33.3 per cent of the actual needles in the medical market are currently in circulation, i.e., two of every three needles are illegal, such as water, counterfeit, etc.
A video of the WikiLeaks video shows some of the non-compliant medically fine products on the market of 33.
In response to the confusion in the medical and beauty treatment industry, the Ministry of Health of China, in conjunction with a multi-sectoral department, has put in place a series of policies to regulate the health-care beauty industry. In June 2021, the National Health Council and the Central Government launched a series of measures to combat the phenomenon.
The Programme of Work for the Specialized Rehabilitation of Anti-Illicit Medical Beauty Services, issued jointly by the Internet Information Office, the Ministry of Public Security, the General Customs Administration, the General Directorate of Market Supervision, the National Post Office, the National Drug Control Service and the National Medical and Medical Administration, and the General Directorate of the National Drug Control and Monitoring Service, on the subject of further increases
In January-September 2021, market regulators at all levels throughout the country conducted 71 cases involving false publicity in the field of medicine and beauty, with a fine of 3.55 million yuan.
In 2022, the Directorate-General of the Supervision of the Markets, in conjunction with the various departments, carried out a constant “iron fist” operation to scrutinize false propaganda in the field of medical beauty.
The Chinese Drug Control Authority, at the entry level, will first judge whether the product requires clinical trials.
It takes at least three years for transparent substance acid products to be approved.
But it's a little less difficult to prove than other medically disaggregated track products, and it's a lot more difficult to prove.
The country’s strict policy of controlling medically good products has led to higher barriers to the production of certified products, which have led to the establishment of certified firms. Products have been licensed to benefit from at least three years of empty market dividends, with pre-eminence and core pricing rights, consumer education, and consumer education.
Markets such as product pipelines explore for time advantage, create a strong pricing capacity and push for higher rates of Maori, provide space for further investment in research and development, and promote virtuous cycles.
Regulation creates a healthy industry environment that is good for top-quality compliance enterprises. A tighter regulatory policy regulates industry compliance development, severely overhauls illegal institutions, and accelerates the concentration of compliance leading firms.
The sector is regulated and professionalized. The medical and aesthetic sector is a combination of health care and consumption, vertically divided industries (e.g., focus on combating aging, oral care, development, etc.) and is better equipped to develop niche products.
In 2021, there was a significant decline of over 70% in the number of complaints against medical and medical supplies compared to 2020, and the regulation of medical beauty institutions has been effective. The regulation of medical beauty machines has helped to standardize publicity and avoid false propaganda and medical accidents.
This will enhance the reputation of medical beauty institutions, thereby contributing to a good industry culture. 2) The leading firms will continue to increase their market share. With the elucidation of “black medicine” and unregulated health care institutions, the head medical institutions will be attracted by their own good reputations.
More consumers. The demand-side rises in China’s health-care and beauty industry is still under way, with improvements in the supply side of the upstream industry facilitating the capture of markets by formal institutions and formal products, and increasing the market share.
Growing degrees, thereby expanding market demand, further transferring policy dividends to upstream, brand-sinked flagships. 3) Consumers are more confident in choosing products and services. The government is tough on illegal medicine.
The safety of consumers’ lives and property will be guaranteed by US institutions and non-legal products. Regular medical advertising also allows consumers to choose, with greater accuracy and confidence, the rational consumption of medical and aesthetic products, thereby gradually regulating the unjustified pricing of medical and aesthetic products.
To promote the long-term healthy development of our health-care market, figure 37 presents complaints about medicines and medical supplies, 4 strong monolithic plus license + rich in research products, highlighting the pre-eminence of the product.
The main components of the company's products are transparent acids (polyuric acids), which play an important role in fixing and locking water between human tissue cells. They are widely used in medicine and beauty, and consumer education.
According to the Chinese-American Intelligence Network, the market for puretic acid is growing and is expected to reach 1335 tons in 2026. Half of the puretic acid is present in the skin and, with age, the synthetic capacity of puretic acid is reduced.
The content of urinate acid in the skin starts to decrease year by year, and the skin is gradually becoming dry, loose, wrinkled, etc. The topic of adding urinate acid becomes hot. The company's product is a leader in the new speed industry, and since 2009 it has been introduced every two years, covering people.
Different parts of the body are used to treat a wide range of adaptive conditions and to meet the needs of beauty seekers, including solution-based injection products (high body, fumes, live bubble needles), gel-based injection products (Bonida, Effie, Ami Fly, Fumei One plus One, during the day), wire-laying products.
Products (closeness) and cosmetics. Different products vary in formulations, injections, and user physiology to adequately meet consumer diversity needs. 4.1 high-speed system fundamentals, growth is robust and continuous.
Consumers' attention to the neck strip project, in addition to facial care, has increased their awareness of consumption upgrading. Companies have been proactive in understanding market demand, actively investing in research and development, and Hi, as a corporate solution star, is the only one in the country that has been approved by Nmpa for clinical use in the neck.
The iii-type medical devices restored, the emergence of the high neck needles, fills the gap in the country’s solution injection products to treat the neck. Compared to other treatments, the high body has the advantage of easy absorption, rapid recovery, low risk, etc., to effectively mitigate long-term ambushes, age growth, skin.
The wrinkled neck of the elderly is popular with consumers and institutions. Through years of consumer education, the high body is deeply tied to the subject of "decapitation."
Technology + compositions make stars. Hirsch uses tissue liquid imitation techniques for inoculation in the cortex. In addition to the basic transparent acids, there are a variety of active ingredients such as amino acids, l-myoric acids, l-assembly acids, vitamins, etc. A wide variety of amino acids can be used.
Assisting the human body in the secretion of a large number of plyon proteins from its own fibre cells; l-myo-acids are resistant to oxidation, are effective against free-based damage in the skin environment and protect the reconstructed gel fibre structure; l-a group of amino acids can metabolize carbon dioxide, water and urea;
Vitamins contribute to gel protein fibrosis, forming gel protein fibres through three-fold aggregates of gel protein synthesis, gel protein production and re-establishment of gel protein fibres. Multi-material synergies increase the ability of vinyl cells to secrete and upgrade gel fibres.
Figure 39: Hi, it's the company's first single product. In 2017, the high neck pin was officially online. In that year, it contributed $34 million, or 15.34 per cent of the total. Hi, neck.
The safety and effectiveness of the needles were rapidly recognized in the market, and they entered the high-speed release phase. In 2019, high-body singles received $243 million, representing 43.50 per cent of the total, exceeding the previous 39.27 per cent of the star's single Ave.
Figure 402017-2019: The share of Hives in the total collection: Hi, Panda Panda needles have a high-end eye market, growing up the ceiling. In June 2020, the company launched the same series of high-growth panda needles, which are specifically designed for black-eyed circles.
Tear ditches and eye stripes, combined with filling and skin breeding properties, have a wider audience. Similar to high neck pins, high panda needles are also targeted at specific areas of health care, actively discovering and responding to consumer demand. There are currently 111 types of medical devices in the market.
According to the New Oxygen Platform, the terminal price of the Panda Panda needle is about 2000-4000/ml for the two US dollars-$7,000-9000/ml in Taiwan.
Protein products have a clear price advantage and are expected to have a relay high neck tattoo and become another pound star. "Hi" 2.5+ new live bubble needles will benefit from regulatory compliance. Water light needles will be included.
Three types of medical equipment are regulated, the active bubble needle is an upgraded version of the high body 2.5, the main anti-sugar anti-sugar "double-resistant" water shot, which was marketed in May 2021 and is the country's first skin-resistance product with an I-mate active ingredient.
The anti-sugarization, antioxidation, double molecules (sodium double-molecular transparent acid), through shallow skin injection techniques, and the use of skin-based reconstruction mechanisms to achieve a whole-of-the-art, therapeutic and beauty-based project system that achieves yellowening, osmosis, and a tight resistance to decay.
4.2 The ability to demonstrate is high, and research and development-driven product innovation is enhanced by the Nmpa certification of a large number of products.
The product needs to be approved for listing by the National Drug Control Board, and new entrants are difficult to enter and have a scale effect, placing a high demand on the research and development capabilities of companies in the industry.
Precise 111 types of sodium-transparent injection products, the largest number of companies with the same type of products approved by the National Drug Control Service, have pre-emptive advantages and technical barriers. At the same time, it is very difficult for medically fine products to show up with new and subversive materials, more just secondary groups of existing materials.
Combining, with each additional composite material, the licensing process is more complex and more testive of the company ' s product layout thinking.
As a country-wide high-technology enterprise, Emmett has 45 patents and 25 patents on inventions. In 2017-2021, the company ' s R & D fees were 0.28, 0.34, 0.49, and the team had a diverse professional background covering biological engineering, high molecular chemistry and physics.
In the specialized fields of pharmaceutical engineering, clinical medicine, etc., there is an average of more than eight years of experience in research and engineering. With technological innovation as an engine, companies are good at effectively transforming core technological achievements into business outcomes.
With pre-eminences, R&D costs, and strong investment from a team of talent, companies are increasingly protecting the city’s rivers, driving their performance to continue to grow. Marketing costs are far lower than those of their peers, and channels are highly advantageous.
The sales model is supplemented by the following: downstream clients include hospitals, clinics, clinics and dealers with the license to practise medical institutions and the license to operate medical devices.
The main business is the production and sale of medical devices such as Xanax and Xanax; Norbot, Novo, Inc., is responsible for technology development, technology transfer, technical services, and technical advice. 70% of the company’s channels are through direct sales.
Sales teams, non-dependency to distributors, help companies to become deeply involved in customer relationship management, effectively improve the quality and agility of client services, and capture high-quality customer resources. At the same time, through direct and in-depth communication with medical beauty institutions, it is easier to obtain doctors and consumers.
The company has 236 sales and market personnel, covering 31 provinces, municipalities and autonomous regions of the country and covering approximately 5,000 medical beauty services in the country.
In 2021, corporate sales costs amounted to only 10.81%, well below the 49.24% of Huaxi Organism of the same company.
Working with high-quality clients, working together to create a good brand image. The company adheres to its business strategy of “win-win-win-win-with-client development” and continuously enhances the development of high-quality clients.
It covers high-quality client groups such as the large chain of non-public medical institutions and the Chinese People’s Liberation Army’s Air Force, Medical University Hospital No. 1 (Siking Hospital), the Chinese Academy of Medical Sciences Orthopaedic Hospital, and the China-Japan-Friendly Hospital, among others.
The partnership created a good brand image for the company and laid a solid foundation for its future sustainability. Figure 45, in collaboration with China-Japan friendly hospital, held a workshop on injecting beauty.
On June 3, 2010, the Chinese Academy of Anti-Aging Injecting Beauty Seminar was held in my home, with the National Health Planners Board ' s China-Japan Friendly Hospital, the Berlin Anti-Aging Medical Moral Injection Center in Ontario, Canada, and the Americian Institute of Biomedical High Scores for Submaterials, which co-organized the China-China Anti-Aging Injecting Beauty Seminar.
Through a variety of forms, such as online and offline, training courses are offered to practitioners, managers and operators, the continuous export of high-value content, the promotion of academia, the overall promotion of branding, and the company ' s b-end client stickyness.
The company has organized 150 offline academic meetings throughout the year, co-authoring over 10,000 doctors, focusing on more than 20,000 users. The company’s effective marketing policies have helped to deepen its involvement in customer relationship management and improve the quality of services.
In addition, the company, through its own research and in cooperation with medical institutions, successfully published more in the official magazine of the International Society for Beauty and Orthopaedics, aestheticplastic surgery, Chinese Medical Device Information, Chinese Medical Beauty.
The company’s market share of existing products has been increasing, leading in the area of medical beauty, by increasing the satisfaction of client agencies, medical practitioners and final consumers.
Figure 46 Publication of the paper: Joint Particle Skin Transplant Medical Remediation of Self-Concrete Water gel Experimental study of total skin loss in rabbits
Chen Bin, Wang Xiaohui, Lee Wei Ji 2, Shmele 1, Lee Dong Feng 2, Yoo-yeon 2, Liu Wei Wei Wei, Choi Xiao Shei, Liu Shanhai, Ko Ping, Beijing 100022)
Summary: The purpose of the evaluation is to evaluate the internal irritation of the self-condensed water gel (medically injectable polymethyl glucine gel) and the effects of the material, combined with the reported pelvic transplantation, on the loss of the whole skin. The method is to evaluate the internal irritation response safety of the material, based on the national standard gb/t16886.10-2005. The anesthetist has a 3.5 cm x 3.5 cm of the whole skin. The amount of the first skin is cut into 1 mm x 1 mm.
Particle size, placement of the skin on the surface, drop-drop gel fluid on the surface. By gel self-condensed or particle size fixed, prepared variants are protected from close coverage of the surface and sew. Four weeks of observation, restoration of the skin for pathological observation. There is no potential internal stimulation of the self-condensed water gel. Four weeks after gel combined coatings are transplanted, the wounds are completely healed and the hair is prolonged, the pathological slices are recovered by visible skin trauma, and the inflammation cells are lighter.
5 new products are constantly released and the boundaries are wide. 5.1 Short term: During the day, regenerative materials are created by promoting the regeneration of humans' own fibre cells and gel proteins, the most important of which are the two-year-olds.
A material that eventually achieves the effect of facial rejuvenation. Traditional, shorter-duration fillings, regenerative materials have received widespread attention because of their natural, gradual, and long-lasting effects.
fda approved for use in facial fillings for people with AIDS. Its safety and effectiveness were widely recognized after many years of clinical application and approved by fda in 2009 for human aesthetic filling.
Table to move light medicine from the "filling age" to the "regenerative age." According to Frost Shaley, China ' s market for skin fillers based on polyroscillates in 2022 can be as large as the market for skin fillers based on polyscillates in China in 482021-2030
The regenerative material injects new energy into the field of medical beauty fillers. For medical needle brands, transparent quality acids have developed for a long time and are less difficult to prove, and the breakdown is more crowded, multi-lead companies compete, and the market is already in the Red Sea.
(b) For health-care institutions, improved storage is always the key to recovery, and with increased regulation, access and costs are increasing, requiring better components, higher technology and effectiveness.
New products that are more sustainable, more profitable and more flexible in terms of opening up new customers and retaining older customers; and consumer sentiment that subjectively pursues products that have longer and more effective results are prevalent, while consumption tends to increase as consumption rises
For higher-end regenerative medical beauty products. Only 3 of the regenerative beauty products approved by Nmpa in 2021.
The Emmett's daytime drive, which was approved by nmpa on 24 June 2021, contains the core components of left-crylic acid-ethylene co-polymer microballs, translucency-transparent sodium acids and aldicarcaine, which apply to the depths of the real cortex and the depths of the injections.
In the field of filling, sustainable activation of fibrous cell glycol proteins after injection into the human body, formation of a stable retinal support structure capable of in-situ supplementation of regressed skin soft tissues, increasing skin elasticity and photognosticity.
The city offers new anti-degenerative + plastics options for beauty seekers, which are expected to boost the regenerative filling of the beauty market, and will continue to drive companies’ high growth. Currently, manufacturers such as Four Rings of Medicine, Orienteme Valley, etc., have produced regenerative materials at different clinical and declared stages.
"During the day," medically good injections of regenerative materials, glucose acids and gelatin proteins, the director of the glucose proteins, the national first class of iii conforms to the left-handle emulsion products, which replaces i- and ii-type articles such as consummation, Europam, etc., and is expected to fully enjoy the regenerative materials.
In the middle of the year, the company started a new growth point. Compared to the traditional puppies, it “made” the following advantages: (1) ease: “Let's make” the pre-infusion of pre-encumbrance technology, with a pela-peg of left-lectic acid-Ediol co-polymer microballs (plla-peg)
(b) Comfortity: “Docaine-free by day”, reduced pain during injection, optimized pain during injection.
The client's injection experience. Meanwhile, the unique pro-hydrate microballic co-polygenic (bi-parental) lipophilicity solves the problem of mass and swelling of injections, enabling all components to completely depreciate without residues and reducing the risk of infection after injection: (3) injection effects:
The product is milk white gel, which is impermeable, filled with the real natural effect of the post-pla-peg plastics: Plla-peg-based microballs in needles can be used by customers to maintain a good support effect for about 24 months after the injection, with both plastic and stereotyped effects. (4) Price advantages:
In comparison to the rest of the compliance products, they are made more powerful during the day, and price-fixing gives institutions a greater margin of profit and higher value for money than consumers. Companies are working on a continuous relay of a rich, multi-pound product.
Incentives to bind core R & D teams while working in depth with major institutions at home and abroad (e.g., huons, Eastern medicine, etc.) in the area of R & D, creating a technological reserve of R & D personnel, and expanding the product R & D system.
Sodium translucent acid gels with polyvinyl gel microballs, type a botulinum toxin for removal of dynamic wrinkles, second-generation facial implants for soft tissue upgrading, Lilaluthium injection for slow weight management, and subcutaneous injections for soluble transparent acids
Medical devices (injectants & wires), biological products (botoxins & lirratus), chemicals (deoxycholic fluids, etc.) of which botulinum toxins are in three stages, Lilalupi is on the market, and the scale of the market for weight management products is expected to reach $9.6 billion in 2025.
The market space is wide. The product will complement the company’s existing product advantages, and it will be full-scale enough to be fragmented and diversified into consumer demand.
As a neurotoxin, botulinum toxins, which can effectively block neurocell impulses and relax muscles, are used mainly to treat facial hairs, fish tails, smiles, wrinkles, etc., and are now one of the most widely used drugs in the field of medicine and beauty.
Oxygen published the White Paper on the 2021 Medical and Fine Industries, which shows that the beauty anti-wrinkled projects, dominated by botulinum toxins, accounted for 52.9% of injecting medicine consumption in 2021, and that botulinum toxins were identified as one of the key factors driving the rapid development of the medical and aesthetic market.
Huons has signed a cooperation agreement with a type A botulinum toxin product in China, and Huons bio has three products under study, 150 kda botulinum toxin, liquid agent botulinum toxin, and gelase. According to the agreement, Huons authorized Amer to be in China.
Billion dollars. The Injecting A Botox Project is expected to reach its target by the beginning of 2025.
The release of acetylcholine from the locomotive nerve end was blocked.
The hypothermia is temporarily paralyzed.
The message between the nerves and the muscles is blocked, the filament cannot contract, and the muscles are relaxed.
Aggregation elimination Figure 510221 Injecting medicine consumption ratio, %
There are currently only four domestic botulinum compliance companies, namely, those that are fit, check, gypsy, and Latti, which cover three price positions: high, medium, low, and medium.
The target consumers are young people with the means to apply mainly to their faces; the price is the same as the price of the condition, but the application is different from the price of the conditionable face, which is used mainly for the legs and shoulders, which leads to greater use and consumer capacity.
The meat market has fewer players, high demand, and is in the middle of a market expansion dividend, with high barriers and fast-growing high-quality competition patterns. It is expected that the price belt for toxins in Emmetthutox will be located between balance and certainty, and it is hoped that it will be seized with better results.
Genetically restructured proteins: Targeting market demand, moving into thin-weighted areas where, due to work pressure and dietary irregularity, “pressure fat” is in the first line of cities.
According to the report on the state of nutrition and chronic diseases among Chinese residents, China ' s adult population was 34.3% overweight and 16.4% obese in 2020. The number of overweight and obese people in the world is the largest and the demand for injections is high.
Genetically reconstructed protein research and development products for recombinant people ' s insulin high blood sugar samples-1 (glp-1), which can be used to treat obesity. On the market, the firm that is linked to Emmett ' s thin business is Novonordysk (Nord and Nord).
At the end of the year, fda announced the approval of higher doses of Lilalupu (trade name saxenda) for chronic weight management, expanding the treatment of the drug to obesity.
Pertinent, Nord and Nord products together account for more than 70 per cent of the market in China ' s glp-1 market, figure 522020: overweight or obesity among Chinese residents, %: sub-health distribution in China, %: 53202020
Compared to the Euro-American glp-1 market, which accounts for about 30% of the market for sugar, China ' s glp-1 market, which accounts for only 6% of the market for sugar. At present, the Amería Lila Lupin injection is in the clinical trial phase, and it is expected that the market will be thinning.
Figure 54 glp-1 functioning mechanism 5.3 Long term: Outward M&A to international markets
Actively promote a corporate capital strategy, launch a Hong Kong stock listing scheme, set up an international capitalization platform, further broadens access to finance, ensures talent acquisition, develops technology, and promotes sustained growth in corporate performance.
Investors in international markets are concerned about the development of China’s medical and American markets, and help companies seek strategic investment opportunities, set up international research and development platforms, expand product lines, and lay the foundation for future access to overseas markets.
Some of the shares of huonsbiopharma, the introduction of international technology, and the promotion of international research and development, such as the production and marketing of a type of botulinum, have contributed to better synergies between the existing products of the company on the one hand and the other on the other hand, on the other hand.
In this way, companies can increase their knowledge and learning about the registration of biological products, medically related products, market competition, etc. in different parts of the world ... It can further expand overseas markets and enhance the overall competitiveness of companies.
On the basis of a solid domestic market position, the product mix will also be actively expanded to increase product coverage. Research and development capabilities will be continuously enhanced, overseas development and cooperation will be pursued, and the global market will be expanded.
The light-medics and beauty industry as a high-profile track, in the context of a tightening regulatory policy in the medical and aesthetic sector, is a high-quality leader in national medical and aesthetic compliance, based on a comprehensive and differentiated product matrix, clear product orientation, product mix advantages and client orientation.
Deeper demand-driven operations, product competitiveness, brand power, market penetration and penetration are steadily increasing. Companies use the system as a base, new products are white, angels are expected to accelerate their release, and the future of products such as botulinums, solution needles, etc. are expected to be fair.
We assume that: 1. Solution-type products: the high-yielding product of the Hive is the solution, and the company's high-speed system.
The growing demand for domestic medical and American markets has been accompanied by a stronger branding awareness in consumers with a longer breeding cycle. We expect solution products to be 2022-2. gel products: other gel products such as Bonida, Efrai and others to be placed on the market.
It's long, and it's the company's main gel-breathing product during the day. Medical and regenerative material is on the blue sea market, and the company's daytime product is the country's first approved skin filler of the left emulsion-ethylene co-polymer microball, in the medical and regenerative materials market.
The product was placed on the market in June 21 and was ready for sale in August, before it was in a market-breeding promotion period, with a shorter actual 21-year marketing cycle. As a core product that the Department focuses on, the product is a purely therapeutic material market in the country.
There's a scarcity, and based on the expected expansion of the new product during the day and the increase in the company's history of other products, the product will be in rapid release for the full year of sale in the future. I. 3. Face line: Tightness as the company's only surgical drop product, and so on.
The first domestic breakdown of track pass products resulted in an annual collection of 0.11, 0.16, 21 million yuan for second-generation plant-line products, an increase of 106.64 per cent, 45.50 per cent, and 4. Other major business: “partner” cosmetics derived from the corporate product matrix.
Surgery, non-injection business responsibilities, matching core products, co-opting effects, comparing other similar business companies in the industry, Wah Hee Bian, Xianhai Psi, Wah Dong Doctors, Amer, as a pure doctor's dragon's leader, with a focus on the core business of medicine.
The value premium is higher than the average valuation level of the same type. Companies are in products, R & D, channels, and entry. As competition between firms increases, firms may face a decline in their market share, and 2.
3. The pace of approval of new products and products is not as fast as expected. The company’s many new products are in the process of approval by the National Drug Control Service, and the approval process is not as fast as expected or is not progressing well.
The risk of a medical beauty accident can cause a major loss in brand image, resulting in a decline in company performance and an impact on the company’s sustainability.
In addition, any part of the author’s remuneration is not directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
The company is qualified as a securities investment consulting business.