Shin Yishan's evidence brings a strong growth in product matrix performance by the company A.M.A. (300896.sz)
The company has now become the leading domestic company in the field of transparent sodium acid medicine preparations.
Dissolved solutions for facial, neck and crosscution (Jummy, Hive, Live Bubble needles), gels (Jummy plus one, Bonida, Evelyn, Emmy Flying, Daytime), encrypts (close) and cosmetics, four main products that form a clear ladder layout, in product formulations, injection sites, scope of application, injection experience
The rich monolithic matrix drives companies’ performance to continue to grow. Hi: The product is monopolistic, should \triangleright
The company’s original neck-repair track was the first to open market education and, based on the strength of a strong product, has led to a high degree of recognition among high-level medical consumers. The consumer’s perception of “circle injection = high-high” has been developed, with broad-based acceptance of b-side purchases.
The anti-commodity market is activated. High purity l-simple and double-molecular transparent acid, mostly antioxidation, anti-sugar, positioning the “medically isolated membrane” to the effect of decomposition, permeability, elasticity, and intense decay. The current market for light needles in the domestic water market is based only on American hives, live bubble needles, q-medre.
Basic data: March 31, 2022, Blue Vitrillant, Cocolate Protein Plumbine, with a certificate of appliance of the iii class, is a rare compliance note, a shot-in product. During the day, it leads to: regenerative materials leading to a new demand for American consumption.
(a) Each share of capital pool ($): before showing greater economic efficiency, occupying the middle and upper end of the filling market; while avoiding the transfer of traditional filling material, the undistributed profits per share ($):
By 2030, we are expected to produce 3 billion yuan in paint needles. In research, there are plenty of products in stock. In clinical trials for botulinum toxin products.
Zhang Xiaojun spoke about the military's health. The company acquired Korea's huons in September 2018.
The company's genetic recombinant protein drug, which is used mainly for the treatment of diabetes and obesity, is a product that means that the company operates from a single doctor.
The U.S. industry expands to the area of health, and companies have a major competitive advantage. Autonomy research and development can rob the Blue Sea market for beach medicine products: the companies have approved five transparent acid products, one left-wing ecstasy, and one ppdo-faced wires are autonomous.
R & D. Seven products have been certified as medical devices of the iii type, of which the Hives are the only products in the country that have been marketed for the restoration of neck strips. Direct sales + distribution expands the market rate: companies can be more involved in the promotion and end-marketing of the products of mid-industry medical institutions; distribution models cover mainly the public sector.
The Division’s marketing team does not have direct access to health-care facilities and can effectively respond to the current situation of accelerated shuffling by medical and aesthetic institutions in order to increase market penetration. Profit forecasting, valuation analysis and investment proposals: there are three features of the company’s current product lines and strategy: 1)
To increase market penetration of existing product lines; 2) to open up new markets for regenerative products; 3) to organize future bottox operations from the capital side in order to ensure continued high performance.a The company’s current product is certified by the National Drug Control Board, has a rich stock of products, and has a strong market for large single items.
Emmett is a national high-technology enterprise established in August 2004 to specialize in biomedical research and development, production and marketing, and the first company in the country to obtain a certificate from the Drug Enforcement Authority for the manufacture of sodium injectable transparent sodium acid for facial sodium repair approved by the facial soft tissue.
Research and development platforms, such as the Beijing City Engineering Laboratory for New Degradable Materials, have been actively involved in research and development of pharmaceutical technology, and new products have been introduced on the market, becoming the leading domestic enterprise in the field of transparent sodium sodium acid medicine preparations.
The company, as a leading company for medical beauty needles in the country, has in recent years developed in an orderly manner and from a single product of urinate needles. Since 2009, the company has successively introduced solutions for facial and neck cross-twixt restorations, gels, and gels.
Bonida, Efrai, Emmi-Fly, Daylight, Bronze (close) and Cosmetics products form the four main product groups, making a clear ladder layout that differs in terms of product formulations, injections, scope of application, injection experiences, etc., and can meet the needs of a number of market-based consumers. Multi-medical products are first available on the market, taking advantage of the Blue Sea.
Research and development and regulatory approvals for subsequent products begin before each new product is marketed. For example, companies have placed Bo Nida on the market before Yumi was listed; projects have started to develop Evelyn before Bonida was listed; large monoliths have been introduced for years in the deep-deep urinary acid industry, and competitions in the industry have gradually intensified.
Corporate equity is relatively concentrated and equity incentives are concentrated. As of 2022q1, the chairman of the company, Jang Jun, held 30.96% of the shares directly and, through Ningbo, informed the company ' s investment management partnership, the Danish investment management partnership, the customer-to-privileged investment management partnership held 7.08% of the shares indirectly, with 38.04% in total.
Some of the longer-serving employees indirectly hold 10.69% of the Emmets ' shares through the two platforms mentioned above, and two of the employees hold a total of 31 partners. The company’s general manager, Ishi Yi Peak, holds 4.85% of the shares, the offshore investor gannettpeaklicited 4.63%, and the top five shareholders together hold 51.7% of the shares. The management team brings together senior professionals.
Entrepreneur; Director-General Shi Yi Feng, China Flag Information Pre-accounting Officer, and partner of Chu Xing Xing Linjiang, with 12 years of management experience; Director-General of Production Yoon Yong-hyung, with a background in pharmaceutical preparations, has been employed in such well-known pharmaceutical companies as the China-New Pharmacy, Novartis, etc. The other core technical staff of the company have been successful in the field of specialization. The company management team is experienced, market-sensitive and forward-looking, and is now single.
2. The abundance of large monolithic matrices drives sustained growth in corporate performance: the product is monopolized and its application is expanding.
2.1.1 Hi, neck wrinkled needles, and other opportunities for growth in the United States market. The company's fists have innovative technical barriers and are more than alternative. There is no direct competition in the market and no product is being declared. Hi received an Nmpa approval in late 2016, which was marketed in January 2017, and is the only national lead and only current global market.
Industrialized leather fillers used to repair neck stripes. High body 1.5 main neck-strings repair, and high body 2.5 as a neck needle partner injected into the neck as a water light needle after filling. After about two years of new product market development, therapeutic efficacy is gradually recognized by medical and American consumers.
The new regulations of the National Drug Control Service set a deeper entry barrier to the top, and the water light needles gradually moved towards compliance. At the beginning of 2020, the National Pharmacy Institute ordered that products that add active or pharmaceutical components to the urinary acid should be approved as medicines. The new version of the Catalogue of Medical Devices, 2021, was officially used in plastics.
An instrument registration certificate, which usually requires rigorous and lengthy product registration and clinical experiments, invests three to five years in time costs and tens of thousands of financial inputs to gradually become a threshold for obtaining access to medical devices in the iii category.
According to the 2020 White Paper on Insights in China’s Medical Beauty Industry, published by Irene Consulting, 34% of the users of Chinese needle injections received water-light needles in 2020. Inconsistent needles are concentrated in: 1) agencies use type I and ii devices as ii-type devices for injection: 2) make-up-type products.
Injection of iii-type devices: 3) Super-wide injection of iii-type devices that have been registered as obsolete and have no relevance to applicable disorders. To date, there are no high-speed system products in the queue for approval. Assuming that there is now a mature research and development competition to start the approval process, it will take four to six years before they can be marketed as quickly as possible.
The supply and demand imbalance in the neck market provides a good opportunity for high-level entrances. The ageing of the neck is usually caused by ultraviolet light, air pollution, drying of the environment, the imbalance in the skin oil of the neck, the pressure on the muscles and tissues of the low-heading community, the fracture of the gel fibres of the real cortex, which is usually manifested in a loose neck skin, atrophy, and reduced elasticity, with severe neck stripes. Symptoms can occur at all ages. In recent years, as consumption has risen and perceptions have increased,
In 2021, the neck-line search index was more than three times higher than in 2014, and “Swan's neck” became a popular, light-medicated project. Invented neck-line markets, branding c-ends. Almost all urinate players focused their development on “face-opening” and companies created neck strips.
Rehabilitating the track was the first to open up market education and, based on strong product power, to achieve a high degree of recognition among high-level consumers. Consumer recognition has been developed for “circle injections = high-level” to enter the B-side group of purchases with wide-ranging c-end recognition. At the same time, in the wrinkled market, fish tailings, stylings, head tattoos, puppet tattoos, etc., have formed wrinkled through products such as the injection of bottox, urinary acid, etc., and can also be distributed through powder fluids,
But the neck stripes are more exposed to age than the face wrinkles at a social distance, the high face market wakes up the consumer, fixes the neck, why hi? Before high respect city, the main means of healing the neck strips on the market were photovoltaics (used to improve skin laxity, but not significantly effective on neck hysteria), surgical operations (high risk, slow recovery, poor experience), botox toxins (used to reduce neck muscles).
There are different limitations to each of these methods: the meat beam belts, but with a poor spin-off effect on the neck, and the urinate injection (which leaves marks). The main components of the hives include translucency transparent acids, various amino acids, l-sepsis and vitamins, which can effectively activate self-cells, stimulate and induce gel proteins, synthesis and reconstruction, with the effect of tightness and repair of the neck strips. At the same time, high urinate components can improve the coiling of the coils in the neck.
In June 2020, the company released the "Hippy Panda Panda needle" and the panda needle was launched to extend the application of the high body from the neck to the eye week. Previously, only Taiwan's two-merit protein masters had been rehabilitated in the domestic medical market.
Medical and American consumers have a larger demand for rehabilitation than for facial repairs, with a lower penetration rate, which is expected to be higher among the target clients. Panda needles increased their sales speed in 2021, and sales are close to half of the high neck pins, and are expected to generate about 70% of the total income.
It's a typical non-surgery-type light-health project, which is characterized by low individual prices, low risk, low trauma, high repurchase rates and higher acceptance in the American and American consumer market. As a bouria project, high frequency and high repurchase rates guarantee relatively high user stickyness.
To 24%, the market size reached $5.77 billion in 2020, and is expected to continue to grow at a higher rate in the next five years. For the industry itself, the high growth of the acid growth is expected to continue to grow. For acupuncture, the high growth of the acid will continue to grow.
According to past medical products from clinical trials to final Nmpa approvals, it usually takes four to six years, and high-level advantages and market scarcity are obvious. We assume that transparent acid products in the light-care and American markets have a market share of 7.65% in 2020, and an annual growth rate of 1.5% thereafter.
2.1.2 Bubble needles: Double-resistant ingredients activate the resistance market, and medical resistance has become a way of daily self-enhancement for the general consumer population. The Consumer Insight Report on Women's Faces in Urban Areas shows that urban women's resistance to decay began to develop at the age of 20, with about 73.5% of the people interviewed beginning to struggle with old age stress in the 20-29 age group.
In May 2021, the company continued to launch the high-body upgrade product, a live bubble needle, consisting mainly of double-molecular transparent acids and active peptides, the first skin-resistible ii medical device with l-species active ingredients.
It's the first time that the concept of "double resistance" has been applied in the field of Fumeo. The current market for water and needles in the country only loves high-mortality, active bubble needles, Hua-hee bio-age double pins, Swedish q-med-Red-Red-Adithine, and a pneumatic-like uniar-type instrumentation certificate. The anti-sugar "double-resistance" water light needles and the positioning of the "medically isolated membrane" (through shallow injections) are designed to channel the anti-smoky anti-sugar target into the real skin.
As of 2021, the size of the country’s health-care beauty service had reached 15 million people, taking into account samples from the Institute of New Oxygen Data, which currently accounts for 64% of the total number of users in the country.
In 2021, according to a combination of the size of users and consumer unit prices of various health-care projects, my country’s health-care market was estimated at $75.5 billion. The company’s research and development of new products has been guided by the principle of stratification resistance, and now has a complete skin phase IV project system.
The functional positioning of the medical isolation membrane: the second-level project has a very small water-light-skinning feature, with the main line product being Evelyn: the third-stage product, the geese giraffe, reboots, the main line product is the high-speed system; the fourth-level project, the anti-age time muscle, has a tight skin position and the main line product is a tight line of love. 2.2. Make daytime: regenerative materials lead to new demand for American consumption. 2.2.
The medical market needs are gradually being updated. The plywood proteins and flex proteins are important components of the skin cortex and some subterranean tissues of the human skin, and are the basis for keeping the young skin tight and smooth. The wider use of urinate and gel proteins in the medical market is currently used only for physical filling, and the new generation of subsurface fillings such as sculptrates (sculptra) is biostimulating, which can stimulate the creation of new gels in the human body after injection.
From 2021 onwards, the domestic market for regeneratives grew. Before 2021, the domestic market for compliant regeneratives was empty, with no nmpa certification for girls, baby needles, etc.
Women's needles were approved; in June 2021, only two of the country's “boy needles” were put on the market during the day. Injecting medicine markets moved from “filling” to “regenerative” times.
Old purpose. In essence, the needles for young girls are in the field of regenerative medicine, which can be divided into three categories: osteoporosis, plla, and gel protein. In 10,000 cases, in Brazil 20,000, the two countries together account for 53% of the global share; in Italy about 0.4 million cases, in Mexico about 0.3 million cases, and in cr 4, in total, about 60.8%.
The treatment programme, which accounted for 2 per cent of the urinary acid treatment in the year, is currently in the lower absolute market and is expected to increase at a significant rate in the future. By 2025, it is expected that by the year 2025, the core components of the urinary needles will be a concentrated left-wing emulsion acid (plla), biodegradable, high-intensity, plastic, easy-to-manufacture, and will be widely used in medicine such as surgical sutures, dental, eye, artificial skin, artificial blood vessels, bioabsorbent stents and medical beauty.
Faces and other specific parts of the field, such as hips, chests, and tissues, are filled. After the needle is injected, the core component,pla, is disintegrated by hydrolysis enzymes in the skin tissue, stimulating the creation of new gels, which can be supported, white, etc., so that the skin can be flexible and lightly rejuvenated for the purpose of rejuvenation.
It's a frozen dry powder form, needs to be resoluble, which may take three hours or more if the technology is not well developed, which, compared to the rapid resolation of St. Boma in the long spring for 10-15 minutes, makes injections simple and direct during daytime; and when doctors operate, the resoluble ratio, the resoluble time, and the final injection effect varies.) There is an immediate filling effect, and there is a mixture of conjunctural urinate components before the later concentration of left-wing milk acid.
In the first six to nine months of the injection, the glucose-trised emulsion glycerin has reached its peak and the glycoprotein has begun to regenerate; during the first nine to 18 months of the injection, the sodium translucency sodium urinate has gradually increased.
Entering the EPP peak: 10-12 months after injection, i.e., the first plyon induction peak phase, is about to enter the second gelatin induction phase, and, if the second needle is replaced, the second gelatin induction peak in the 19th month, the injection will continue to be full. We assume that, in the context of tighter medical regulations, the compliance rate will increase from year to year; the use of the plaque will be chosen as compared to 2022-2025.
In the field of market segmentation in medicine and beauty, compliant products with pre-emptive and innovative advantages usually enjoy higher market premiums. The regenerative bests currently show higher economic benefits, occupying middle-end filling markets; while avoiding traditional filling materials, spectroscopy, etc., and attracting medical and aesthetic consumers pursuing natural plastic effects. In terms of size, the size of the caps is smaller, but their scale is increasing faster.
The number of consultations amounted to only 2.2% of the global injection of needles, with a global prevalence of 64,000 cases in 2015, rising to 121,000 cases in 2020, with an average annual compound growth rate of 13.55%, over 7.18% of the urinary acid and 6.07% of the bottox. Reference is made to the foreign market for the small proportion of non-hand-style medically treated needles, the size of which is expected to reach $3 billion by 2030.
Taken together, companies continue to take advantage of empty markets in the field of medical beauty disaggregation, ranging from high neck needles, to the rehabilitation of panda needles in the wake week, to live bubble needles with a double-resistant concept, and to childhood needles with a regenerative function. While addressing consumer pains, they also lead in the demand for health-care consumers, maintaining the pace of innovation in the 1.5-2-year-old phenomenon-class products.
The company, as the country’s leading medical-American market, continues to rely on a wealth of project reserves and improved research and development to support the opening of new markets. The company’s current reserves include, among other things, injection of a type of bottox, medical biocides, and gene-restructuring proteins, the effects of which are concentrated on non-filled face wrinkling, weight loss and weight management, which satisfy consumers.
With new products on the market, it will be possible to refine the company’s product matrix and optimize its income structure. 2.3.1 The domestic market for botox products in clinical trials in the iii phase of botulinum toxin products has grown rapidly by 20% in cagr. In 2017, the Chinese market for botulinum toxins was about 10 billion yuan.
With a 20% growth rate of 2017-2022, market size is expected to reach $27.7 billion in 2022. Of this, the market size of the formal channel for bottox is about one-fifth of the total. As regulations become more stringent and new products are marketed, the domestic market size of the botox industry will be accelerated, demand and consumption markets will be gradually marketed, and end-use applications will broadly feed back into the market size of compliant products.
A type of botulinum toxin is highly toxic as a neurotoxin, certified license plates are strictly approved, and the period of certification may be more than five years in the light of progress in clinical research and development of the main product. Currently, only four of the main products of the global botulinum market are officially approved in the Nmpa market, and 70% of the products in the market are foreign water products. Bacillus botulinum is still in the blue sea market as our second largest light medical project, and the industry is still in the blue sea market.
There is a good pattern of competition, a wide range of incremental space, and a strong degree of certainty in the sale of products. In September 2018, the company was granted exclusive power over huons (Orange Poison) in the country for a period of 10 years, and in June 2021, it was announced that it would use a total of 886 million yuan in excess funds, replenish and acquire 25.4% of huonsbio shares.
The company's genetic recombinant proteins are recombinant human insulin high blood sugar samples, similar to pelicans, mainly for diabetes and obesity treatment, which means that the company's business has expanded from a single medical and aesthetic sector to a large health field. According to the Global Adult Weight Survey published in The Lancet Medical Journal, the country's obese population was the highest in the world in 2016.
However, there are currently no medicines available in the country for obesity-adapted drugs. Given the rapid rise in obesity, diabetes, etc., and rising health awareness, there is a strong demand for weight reduction.
The R & D cycle of the company ' s gene restructuring protein project is 76 months, and the project will deliver about 1.33 million copies per year after delivery, with a value of $500 million.
The company’s autonomous R & D capability is relatively strong. The products that have been approved by América include 5 transparent acid products, 1 polystyrene and 1 pppdo facial implants, all of which have been developed autonomously. 7 products have been licensed for medical devices of the iii type, of which the Hives are the only nationally-approved carotid restoration products. In 2016-2021, the company’s R & D costs increased from $13 million to $102 million, cagr to 50.98 per cent, and R & D costs.
There are 45 registered patents, of which 25 are patented with a number of core technologies, such as solid liquid-grading inter-trading technologies, tissue liquid imitation technologies, hydro-coupled microball suspension techniques, suspended and dispersive two-friend microball technologies. Thirty-eight patents are authorized, 84%, and the quality of the patents is guaranteed.
The right marketing approach is particularly important for the medical-American sector in the consumer-optional sector. Medical-American products are typical products for which consumers have full decision-making rights, and it is difficult to pre-empt the competitive upstream supply of raw materials and the marketing of Chinese-American institutions by breaking through high-tech barriers.
In the context of the growing number of injectors on the market, such as urinary acid, companies are able to continue to create new, lead in healing, match consumer demand, and increase their share of the market, linked to the persistence of years of “direct marketing and distribution as an aid” marketing model. In 2021, the income from both direct sales and distribution sources was $883 million, $565 million, or 104.24 per cent, 103.9 per cent, or 61.01 per cent, and 38.99 per cent, respectively.
Under the direct marketing model, companies can be more involved in the promotion and end-marketing of products of mid-course medical and aesthetic institutions, offering a full range of solutions for downstream medical and American consumers, ranging from products to services, and helping health-care institutions to identify a wide range of problems, such as product targeting, marketing strategies, customer maintenance, etc.
Motivating a virtuous circle of brand branding: At the same time, with the most immediate understanding of end-use effects and customer satisfaction, and with a more sensitive model of corporate product development and marketing, distributors mainly cover medical institutions that are not directly covered by the company’s sales team, effectively respond to the current situation of medical and American institutions and speed shuffling to increase market penetration. To accommodate downstream market characteristics, companies are marketing in some areas using a buy-out distribution model (for marketing).
In addition, in 2017, the company organized a “All-China Academy” with a combination of teaching, research, mutual assistance and content.
During the period of gold development in the medical-American industry, the American-Americans maintained a high growth trend. In 2021, they earned 1,447 million yuan (+104.13%) and lost $957 million (+117.81%) in net profits, with a doubling of income and performance; in the last five years, the combined growth rate of revenue and performance was 59.78% and 59.78% respectively.
88.37%. The company ' s medical and aesthetic operations can be broken down into solution injection products, gel injection products and facial implants, with a ratio of 72.3%, 26.6%, 0.4% respectively in 2021, including high-temperature, compost, live bubble needles, with a new water light needle on the market on May 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20 May, where Fumei is gradually being marketed as a company ' s first-generation urinate product, and where companies continue to produce new and sustained product matrices.
The share of income from soluble injection products in total revenues rose from around 20% in 2017 to 72.25% in 2021, and the high-level income from high-level activities increased. The gel injection products, including Bonida, Efflé, Emmy, Yimmi plus one, were made during the day, making new products promising to become the next fast-discharged explosive product.
Research and development (R & D) and sales ensure firm business growth with certainty. The higher performance of companies is driven not only by the rapid expansion of the healthcare sector, the rapid growth of downstream markets, but also by the high profitability of medical research and development. In 2021, the company achieved a M & D rate of 93.7% (+1.89 pt) and a M & A rate of over 90% for the third consecutive year: the net interest rate has risen from 53% to 66.12% for the last three years, while the overall cost rate of R & D increases have continued to fall.
The main market for medical preparations, the Bouritic Acid track, belongs to an ii implanted medical device, similar to the drug and medical instrument logic, with a Maori rate of over 90% not unusual, and R & D and marketing being an important driver of such products and an important part of the company’s cost. The fall in company roe in 2020 was mainly due to large fund-raising and a significant rise in net assets on the market.
The company has a healthy capital structure. For most customers, the company has a settlement of payments from the point of delivery, with a small percentage of clients on credit closing in the following month, making the company account age predominantly three months, with only 11 days of working days to collect the funds, and the company has a stronger bargaining power with downstream customers. With respect to cash flows, the company has a better earning ratio for the last three years and a net return on the top of one, with better profitability, a better ability to sell back money and a higher cost-cost ratio for the production of inputs.
The net cash flow of business activities has continued to rise with relatively low levels of financial pressure.Figure 26: E-American asset-liability ratios, compared to industry, are based on medical products.
Two companies, which have been expanding their business plans in recent years, have expanded the scope of the application of urinary acid to a combination of 47% growth in income over the last five years, 24% growth in net profits, and a much higher end-of-income increase than in profits. In comparison with the sum of Xiaohai's earnings, there are significant differences in profitability. In the past five years, Xiaomei received 59% of the cagr, 78% of net profit cagr, and the profits have been outstanding, with the success of the continuous roll-out of the one-off strategy: Xiaomei's income end,
The cost of sales is lower than that of their counterparts. The cost of sales of blubber-based products has remained largely stable at 33-35%. The company, mainly based on transparent acid for medical purposes, has since focused on medical products, such as ophthalmology anticothetic materials.
The market has expanded. A high proportion of sales are made at the public hospitals downstream of the Xiaohai University, and sales costs are often around 30%, mainly due to the expansion of the distribution channels by the Medical Department.
Upstream in the industrial chain, there are fewer players, pre-emptively competitive patterns, and there are a large number of medical and aesthetic institutions downstream of the industrial chain, with less bargaining power. Meanwhile, tob+toc is developed, with product access ultimately held primarily by medical and medical institutions and doctors, and sales costs are used mainly for service providers.
In 2021, the company achieved a Māori rate of 93%, a net interest rate of 66%, and a marketing cost of 11%. The demand side of the medical industry continued to expand, with more diversified supply-side products.
The country’s health-care industry will be promoted by more frequent regulations in the near future, and the market for compliant products will be further expanded. The regulatory policy of the medical beauty industry will be developed from early product-specific regulation and regulation to later global regulation, followed by recent rules and regulations and industry standards, with industry regulation entering a more systematic and normal phase.
Compliance, high-quality development, will be a trend toward medical beauty. Looking at the layout of the company’s business lines, three features of the company’s current product lines and strategy are: (a) increasing market penetration of existing product lines, keeping the system’s share of revenue growing steadily, and increasing annual sales steadily; and (b) opening up a new market for regenerative products, making it possible to regenerate medicine during the daytime.
At present, the market has yet to develop a competitive pattern vis-à-vis the urinary acid industry, with a priori advantage in market education leading to a product premium: 3) Future botox operations are organized from a capital perspective to ensure continued high performance growth. As a doctor, the company has a national drug authority certified under the banner, a large stock of products in research, a high market value for large single items, and R & D + marketing to protect performance growth.
Compared to the US-American company Wah Hee Biology, Hok Hae-Hyuga, we have chosen to be a comparable company. Compared to the US-American company, US$ 4,543 million is worth US dollars for products under the US-American flag, resulting in a net return profit of 1,438 million yuan, 2,073 million yuan and 2,901 million yuan, pers $665.58.341, respectively, and consumption demand is not as high as expected;
This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I did not, for no reason, and I will not.
You will receive any form of compensation, directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendation or opinion contained in this report.