The company published its semi-annual report in 2018, with 2018h1 operating.
For 2,450 million yuan, an increase of 22.43 per cent in the same year; for mothers, a net profit of 300 million yuan, an increase of 32.31 per cent in the same year; for Māori, a percentage point increase in net interest rates was due mainly to the spread of costs over periods under the scale effect.
The growth will benefit from three factors: (1) a complete upgrading of the lamp product along three routes, with the prospect of a favourable situation with a higher price and a higher Māori turn-over; and (2) a higher number of new high-quality projects undertaken and a new public vehicle cycle (t-roc, the new boon, etc.) and an accelerated increase in demand for the product;
New factories in Changzhou, Fushan, and Changchun are starting to grow more productively.
Upwards, Māori turning point: one big light: the company's package structure has gradually been upgraded from a small in-car light to an out-of-car light, with 70 per cent of the revenue from the lights and their subsequent combinations in the light business by 2017, and will continue to rise this year, with a steady increase in the volume of prices expected to continue (the average price of company single lights in 2017 has been raised).
2-ledization: The company's front lamp has been produced this year, with a car type like t-roc, and the new Treasure. Compared to the Māori rate of around 20% of haloline, the rédicaror rate of the light is 25% or more. The Māori rate of the light business is as high as the t-roc, the new car, and so on.
Intelligent: Building on the first and second generation of adb lamps, in the first half of this year, the company completed the development of high-resolution imaging smart front-light systems, matrix adb from its adaptation to both far-lights and car-lights, which in the future will benefit the average price of single lamps and the further upscaling of the Māori ratio, which will also be public.
In the first half of the year, there were 35 new projects to take over the lights and 47 new projects to deliver the bulk lights.
In the second quarter of the year, work began on the first phase of the project, which is expected to start in the fourth quarter of 2019. New orders and new production capabilities will provide a strong guarantee for the company’s future development.
Starwoo's share: Upgrade the path to help Starwoo turn the lights on in the new era. Starwoo's share: improved business structures drive better performance than expected, led can deliver less than expected.
Starwoo shares: mid-reported performance meets expectations, with a positive performance of “Since first, high performance growth, scale effects gradually showing 22.43 per cent growth in the year-on-year income of 2018h1, 32.31 per cent growth in the year-on-year net profit of the parent, high performance growth, in line with expectations
The company published its semi-annual report in 2018, which generated operating income of 2,450 million yuan, an increase of 22.43 per cent in the same year; net profit of 300 million yuan, an increase of 32.31 per cent in the same year; the Maori rate of 21.64 per cent, a decrease of 0.34 percentage points from the same period last year; and net interest rate of 12.24 per cent, an increase of 0.87 percentage points from the same period last year. Of this, business income of 1,275 million yuan in the single quarter of 2018q2, an increase of 23.03 per cent in the same period;
The net return to the mother was $169 million, an increase of 32.55 per cent over the previous year; the Māori rate was 22.14 per cent, a decrease of 0.71 percentage points over the same period last year; the net interest rate was 13.26 per cent, an increase of 0.89 percentage points over the same period last year. The company's high performance of 2018h1 increased and future trends are expected to continue, benefiting from three factors: (1) the overall upgrading of the lamp product along the three paths, with the expectation of an increase in the volume price to the Māori ratio.
A favourable situation on the spot: (2) more high-quality new projects are undertaken and benefit from a new public cycle of vehicles (t-roc, new bovine, etc.) and increased demand for products; (3) new factories in Changzhou, Fushan, Changchun and Changchun are operating continuously, an increase of 0.86 percentage points over the same period last year.
Level-to-led lamps, upgrading from normal to smart lights, and turning point or forming (in 2016, the company’s medium- and long-term low Māori rate). The Māori rate is expected to increase further in the future with the continued use of Led front-lights and smart car lamps.
Fund efficiency: 39 days in 2017 for corporate inventory turnover, accounts receivable turnover and accounts payable turnover days, 16 days less than in the previous year. The significant decrease in the cash cycle is mainly due to the faster pace of liquidation of corporate inventory and receivables, which indicates an increase in inventory management efficiency and downstream return capacity.
Capacity remains strong, and there is no risk of unpayable liabilities in the short term. It is clear that the rise in roe is mainly due to the increase in profit levels (net interest rates) and the use of leverage (equity multipliers).
The performance of 2018q2 maintained a high growth: business income of $1,275 million for the first quarter of 2018q2, an increase of 23.03 per cent over the same period; net profit return of $169 million, an increase of 32.55 per cent over the same period; gross profit of 22.14 per cent, a decrease of 0.71 percentage points over the same period last year; net interest rate of 13.26 per cent, an increase of 0.89 percentage points over the same period last year.
Corporate revenue and net profits continued to grow at a good rate, while Māori rates and net interest rates continued to improve and performance grew at a positive rate.
Figure 15: Three rates for companies in the last 13 quarters: Figure 14: Māori and net interest rates for companies in the last 13 quarters.
There is no change in the trend towards "big lights, leds, smarts." In line with industry trends, corporate car lamps are continuously upgrading to "big lights, leds, smarts" and are expected to bring up the volume price, the Māori turning point, one: the average price of big lights continues to rise.
In 2017, we expect the domestic market for headlights to be about $50 billion, of which the first is about two-thirds, and the market space for out-of-board headlights is much greater than for small headlights. The structure of the company’s products has risen by 60% annually to over 70% in 2017, and will rise further in 2018, with the expectation that the average price of the headlights will continue to rise.
Figure 16: Share of corporate headlamps and post-combination lamps in the revenue of carlight operations Figure 17: Accelerated increase in average company headlight prices
As a result, the average price of corporate single lamps has been rising in the past few years (with a significantly higher value of lamps than small ones), the Maori rate has continued to decline (with a lower rate than small lights at the beginning of the opening). As the market has been opened, it is expected that the price of the lights will return to a reasonable level in the future.
In addition, the company ' s led lamp began production this year, with a crowd of t-rocs, new treasures, and the company ' s headlights are expected to rise in the second half of the year with new traffic sales such as t-roc, new treasures, and so on. Upgrade path three: smartness opens up new growth space.
This year, the company completed the development of a high-resolution imaging smart front-light system, matrix adb from its adaptation to two headlights, which in the future will help to increase the price of single-lights and Māori rates further, and will open up new growth space for the company.
In the case of new cars, in 2018 and 2019, the company will launch 23 brands, including popular brands, Odie brands, and third brands. Of these, seven new public brands will be launched in 2018, and four new Audi brands will be released, and six more in 2019.
New brand vehicles, 3 new Audis, and 3 new third-party vehicles (including multiple new energy vehicles). 2 In terms of capacity, according to a search of Fox cars, a crowd now owns four full-car manufacturing plants in Changchun, Fushan, Chengdu, and four factories in 2017, with a combined capacity of 1.5 million.
The four new factories are officially built and placed after delivery, with a mass output of 2.55 million vehicles/year, an increase of 70 per cent over the current capacity.
Since listing, the company’s customer structure has continued to be optimized from the dominant brand to the joint brand. In 2017, the company is expected to earn around 40% of the revenue from a single gas public, and as a result of the significant increase in its new cycle and production capacity over the next two years, the company’s output is expected to expand further.
Figure 24: Corporate client structure in 2011, IV. New projects and new capacity to ensure future growth in the company ' s performance are important guarantees for future growth in the company ' s performance. 1 For new orders, the company ' s semi-annual report in 2018 discloses that
In the first half of the year, 35 new and 47 new bulk-carlight projects were carried. In terms of production capacity, the company’s headquarters is located in Changzhou, close to the long-triangular motor industry cluster, which is at the top of the sea above, can be set up in close proximity to the general public, general-air, motor vehicles, Chirres, Gilly, and other new cars.
In terms of new capacity, the company has continued to expand its capacity in Changzhou, Fushan, Changchun, and Fushan, and the second phase of the Fushan City Project is progressing as planned and is expected to start production in the second quarter of 2019; the first phase of the Starwood Smart Production Park project is already under way and is expected to start production in the fourth quarter of 2019; and the future Long Spring Base is expected to be partially operational in 2019.
New orders and new production capabilities will provide strong security for the company’s future development.
Profit projections are based mainly on the following assumptions: 1) Carlight operations: product upgrade along the three “biglights, leds, smarts” path, benefiting from the first-largest client, a new cycle of cars for the public, income will continue to grow at a higher rate over the next two years, and Māori rates will continue to be due to the light light in the light.
The volume of smart lights has increased year by year. 2) Other operations (soft flat cables, triangular warning signs, etc.): revenue from business other than carlights accounts for a smaller share of the company ' s total revenue, assuming that revenue from operations continues to grow at some rate, with a slight decline in the Māori rate.
The flow of led lamps has not increased as expected; sales to downstream customers of the company have increased at a lower rate than expected; new plant production is not on the move