The market is bigger, the track is longer, and focused companies will win the future, and the stock of Starwood is the largest in-house carlight manufacturing company in the country. The company produces carlights mainly for front lights, post-combined lights, fog lights, and other small lights. The company has formed autonomous brand customers, joint brand customers, foreign investors.
The company focuses on the area of car lights, with a management team headed by Founder Xiaoping Chow with many years of experience in the industry. The trend in the carlight industry is clear: a higher penetration rate of light in the led, a higher value of bicycles and a greater market space;
Auto-drive lights need to be smart and industry lanes are longer. The lighting industry is now dominated by halogen and americ gas lamps, with less than 20% penetration of the light. The market was about 47 billion in 2017, of which the light is about 14.3 billion, and we expect that the light penetration rate will increase to 30% by 2020, and the domestic consolidation rate is expected to increase to 30% by 2020.
The market size of a car lamp is 60.3 billion, of which the market size of the car light is 29.2 billion, and the market size of the car light doubles. The smartness of the car light is accelerated, and adb creates a new segmented market.
There is a stable pattern of competition in the carlight market and a firm ' s competitive advantage. The company ' s domestic lighting industry is more concentrated, and its watch is now a super-highly competitive pattern. It is more than the current Chinese vision (formerly Shanghai Xiaoyu) and more than Faleo, Starwoo, Guangzhou Xiaoyu, among others, where the market share has been raised annually, from around 8.5 per cent in 2017 to around 8.5 per cent in 2017.
Financially, the best growth of the star is highest, Roe. Industry knows that companies have competitive advantages in terms of speed of R & D, quality control, and cost control.
Toyota, Shanghai public, BMW, Chiré, car, wide traffic, and so on. For the last two years, the company's new customers, Volvo (China), Chiréte Jaguar Lugo, Jili, and so on, have grown. The sales of the top five clients of the company have fallen from 87% in 2014 to 65% in 2017, and the sales of the new outreach clients have gradually increased.
High end: companies drive product upgrading and structural optimization. In 2017, the share of corporate headlights has risen to nearly 40%, and the total share of headlights and post-package is 75%. According to company estimates, by 2018, there were 1, 72, and 35.
The Māori share is expected to rise steadily. First-time customers, such as the public, the Toyota, have entered the product renewal cycle, the penetration rate of the new model has risen significantly, and the performance of the Star is high. We have counted the top 2016 major clients in the pre-Led model.
The penetration rate of the lights was about 12%, and the penetration rate of the 2018 new-listed vehicles rose to 30%. In the second half of 2018, the ring ratio continued to grow.
The Quarterly Review-Quarterly Report (601799) meets expectations, and the current input has paved the way for high growth next year.
Widely evidence that the car industry is 23 times more than a year old. Maintains a highly recommended rating.
Starwoo's share - the country's largest domestic headlight manufacturing enterprise. Starwoo's share is the country's largest domestic headlight manufacturing company. Changzhou Starlight is located in the Changzhou National High Technology Industry Development Area, a listed company that develops, produces, sells car headlights, and the company is the country's largest provider of in-house car light design programmes.
The company is currently in possession of 502 patents, of which 44 are patents. The company has a national 863 plan and a national torch scheme. In 2007, the company ' s pilot centre acquired national experimental qualifications and was designated as a national enterprise technology centre in November 2010.
In February 1993, Ms. Zhou Xiaoping launched a Starlight in Wujin County.
The company’s actual controlling person is Cho and Xiaoping’s father and daughter, sharing 57.29% of the company’s shares, and the shares are relatively concentrated. The actual controlling person has never lost the company’s shares since the company was listed.
Senior managers of the company have a great deal of experience in the automobile lighting industry, and the team is stable. The founder of the company, Xiaoping Zhou, has been the top decision maker of the automobile lighting industry since the beginning of the 1990s and has gained nearly two decades of business management experience, enjoying a better share in the industry.
The company's principal technical director, technical adviser, is an expert in the relevant fields in the country, has a wealth of product design development and technology development and research and development, and its clients cover the major domestic and international car-based enterprises. Star-woo shares are focused on the development, design, manufacture and sale of car (mainly by car) lamps, which are the country's leading car-light manufacturers.
The product consists mainly of car front lights, post-package lamps, fog lamps, daylights, indoor lights, turnlights, etc. The company-controlled subsidiary i&t is engaged in the sale of flexible flat cable production.
The company’s clients cover major car-to-car manufacturing enterprises in the country and abroad, and are widely recognized by manufacturers for quality and service. The customers cover a number of major domestic and foreign car-to-car manufacturing enterprises, including the public, the Toyota, the Toyota, the Toyota, the Toyota, the Toyota, the Toyota, the Toyota, the Chirete Leopard, the BMW, the Gilly, the Volkswagen General Mitsubishi, the Volkswagen Car, the Chirre Car, and the Moto Cars.
Partners, a market strategy that continues to deepen cooperation with key clients, has won wide recognition of the mainframe, and has won a single-breath-public award for “excellent partners”, a Toyota prize for “cost excellence” and a sedan prize for “product development.”
After five years of compound growth of more than 20 per cent, the net profit growth rate was impressive, and the company's performance continued to grow at a high rate, with net profits growing at a much faster rate than the growth rate. In 2018, the company received $2.45 billion (+22.43 per cent), in 2017 it earned $4.25 billion (+27.1 per cent) and in almost five years it grew at 26.4 per cent; and in 2018, the net profit from the parent grew steadily, with the return of h1 to the mother.
In this case, the net profit from parentage increased by 34.3 per cent, the net profit from head office H1 grew by 22.43 per cent in 2018 and the net profit from head office also increased by 32.3 per cent, reflecting the structural upgrading of corporate products, strong profit growth and increased profitability.
Lights, fog lights, other small lights. The sales of lamps and post-combined lamps amounted to about 75% until 2017.
Benefiting from the upgrading of the company ' s product structure and customer structure, and improved company profitability. The Māori ratio of H1 was 0.87 percentage points in 2017 and 22.86 per cent in 2017, an increase of 1.16 per cent in the same year. In the lead-up to the acquisition of a customer, the company made less profitable small lights into the customer supply chain, at the expense of some of the profits, and has now ended this phase, entering a phase of deep cooperation with the client, high value, high profit lights.
In recent years, the company’s new successors have been big-light projects with a high Maori rate, post-combined lights, and most of the supporting firms are co-financing the garage, and have also formed a full-scale client system for the in-house-joint-FDI-emerging driving forces (new energy sources). Equity incentives + employee-share plans to retain high-end talent.
Equity incentives and employee ownership plans to retain high-end talent and fully motivate staff. In 2011, companies awarded 3 million restricted shares at a price of $9.61 in a targeted and increased manner. Incentives were given to some directors of companies, senior managers (4), other mid- and senior-level managers (15), core technicians and business cadres (107).
In 2015, the company implemented its Stakeholder Scheme, which will be implemented in three phases from 2015 to 2017. Ms. Xiaoping, the owner of the company, voluntarily gave up to 3.6 million shares to the Stakeholder Scheme in three instalments, representing about 1.5% of the company’s total stock. All of these measures contributed significantly to the motivation of the workforce, as well as to the retention of future talent in the company and the construction of the Young Star Foundation.
Figure 11 Stock Incentives and Employee Holdings 2. Market space and trends in the CarLight industry.
The main business in the Starwood complex is the manufacture of headlights, which belong to the first-level supplier of car parts.
Up ahead of the industry chain are broken down light bulbs, led controllers, vehicle light direction control modules, electric machines, plastics suppliers, etc. After production, the lights flow mainly to the entire car establishment and retail platforms such as auto repair shops, 4s shops, and electric appliances.
2.2 Technological changes in car lights. Automobile lamps have undergone the evolution of oil lamps, acetylene lamps, incandescent lamps, halogen lamps, americ gas lamps, led lamps, laser lamps.
And the more sophisticated laser lamps, behind which the evolution of the light source has been the development of the automobile industry and the progressive growth of modern car performance, which have led to the growing demands on the large light component.
There are currently practical applications of car lamps, mainly halogen lamps, thorium gas lamps, led lamps, laser lamps. Laser lamps, because of their high cost, are equipped only in ultra-high-end vehicles. In the medium-to-low-end model, the low-to-low-to-low-to-cost model of vehicles is mostly equipped with halogen lamps, while high-to-high-size models are mainly equipped with thorium gas and led lamps.
2.3led car lamps: the penetration rate has increased, the value of the bicycles has increased, and there are three core advantages and obvious alternatives to the market space ' s larger led lamps than halogen lamps and americium lamps. Halogen and americ lamps have been used as the main vehicle lighting source for more than 10 years, with the highest thorium gas lamps in absolute brightness, and the weakest halogen lamps in the second degree of light.
1. With a more compact structure, the halogen lamp group and the thorium light group have significantly decreased compared to the size of the halogen lamp group, giving a larger design for the shape of the vehicle2 and a light light light that can achieve an ungraded adjustment of the direction and intensity of the light, so that it can be matched with smart modules, adjust the light direction to the dynamics of the driving environment to the intensity of light, reduce the driver's driving blind zone, reduce the visibility of past drivers and increase the safety factor of cars. In China, 160,000 people per year are involved in vehicle accidents.
Casualties, night traffic accidents, are three times the number of days, and accidents are three times higher when lighting is bad. One of the disadvantages of haloton lamps when light is low, and the fact that each other's car shows are also an important cause of the accident.
3 - Longer life span, Led life spans 100,000 hours or more, compared to 3,000 hours for thorium lamps and 500 hours for halogen lamps. The cost of laser lamps is too high to allow for large-scale penetration at present, except in a few luxury vehicles.
The depth of the share of the stars (601799) reports that the key technology of the led car lights has been overtaken, and that the conditions for large-scale applications are becoming more mature. The earliest leds are red light, with new materials coming in and technology developing, and the color of led is slowly spreading, for example, orange, yellow, green, and so on. But there's no white light, because there's no white light in sight.
There is no "white light" in the spectrum. It's not monochrome light, it's a composite light of multiple monochrome light. The white light seen in the eyes requires blue light + yellow light, a mix of two wavelength light + green light + red light + a mixture of three wavelength light . So blue light led becomes an important technical node for the development of white light led. Until the end of the last century, with superhigh blue light led successfully, white light opened.
The first car that was officially equipped with the Led light was Ls 600h/ls 600hl from Lexus in 2007, the first business product of the Led light, but not 100% of the Led light, which was supplied by Siu Ying. Audir8 in late 2008 was accompanied by the first commercialization in the world.
In 2012, the Mercedes also launched the first model of a car with a full light light. So, the Led lamp is fully visible. Chart 15led is used for different types of traffic lights.
The cost of led lamps has been falling, and the conditions for large penetration have been met. Led lamps are upstream of the Led module producing firm, and then upstream of the company, if the supplier of raw materials such as luminous diodes, electronic components, pcb, etc. The reason for the led cost reduction is three:1 with the break-up of the led chip patent bottle, the continued upgrading of product technology, and the rapid decline in material costs, all of which have led to the price of the led lighting product.
Declined, with an average annual drop of 10 per cent.2 As a result of overcapacity problems and high homogenization of commodities up ahead of ed lighting, intense competition has led to price wars among traders. Overcapacity and falling prices in the upstream led industry are certainly good news for the auto-lighting industry, not only for the safe supply of led lamps, but also for the cost of their manufacture.
The vast majority of the pre-arrival markets in Led are cross-border traders who were not involved in navigation, cushioning, industry recorders, etc., and who are not particularly knowledgeable about car lighting, blindness, and production for profit. But with the gradual entry of later senior car light producers, the quality of the product is tested.
With the increased competition in the lights market and the increased concentration of the market, domestic professional lights like Star-woo will benefit, and the Matthew effect will be evident. Led's traffic penetration in the lights market in the country is increasing dramatically, and the lights in front of the car, which is the most profitable in the world, are accelerating.
In January-April 2018, the Institute of Automotive Studies recorded a total of 680 vehicle models with 30.65 per cent long-lights, 32.1 per cent near-lights, 80.6 per cent day-time traffic lights, and a wide range of use for light lamps, such as day-time, tail and fog lamps. In the country ' s car-light market, the Led car light penetration rate is increasing significantly, and the front-lights for cars with the highest profit margins are accelerating.
Chart 16 Odys matrix lights deciphered, we estimate that by 2020 the country will have a total of 60.3 billion headlights market, 29.2 billion headlights market, and huge industrial space. According to the research machine, ihsautomobile, 16.5% light penetration in the car market in 2017. Let's assume that the led penetration rate will be 30% and fake in 2020.
With a compound annual growth rate of 4.0 per cent in our vehicle sales from 2018 to 2020, and based on the current trend of new models, we are projecting a 30 per cent penetration rate in 2020. The size of the car light market is measured as shown in the figure below.
Of the new annual launch, 19 are front-light projects, of which 8 are full-blown front-light projects, yielding in 2018-2019. 2.4 Carlights are smart: auto-drive smartness needs, industry lanes are longer, lights are faster to introduce, and a new segment is created from the adaptation of lamps.
Cars are constantly evolving as important subsystems of car interaction with the surrounding environment to match changing needs. The lighting system needs more security.
The first system of adaptive lamps is known as the headlights, which are physically connected to the wheel and the chassis, and the headlights follow the motion of the chassis and the steering wheel, keeping the light in front of the driver. This effectively reduces the visual blindness of the vehicle when it turns.
In general, the internal parameters of the vehicle (e.g. speed, body posture, turning to angles, etc.) are monitored by sensors, the best light programmes are calculated, the range and dimension of the light beams are subject to dynamic control, thereby providing the driver with sufficient visibility during driving, reducing the blindness of the view in complex road conditions, and improving the safety of the vehicle.
The second generation of the affs light system, based on the first generation, by adding detection of the car's external environment (e.g. rainwater sensor, light sensor)
The desired light angle and range provides different light options in different weather and road conditions. The afs system uses a light moder to achieve the switch to light, which is now the dominant self-adaptation light solution.
The third generation of self-adaptation lamps is known as the adb (adaptivedrivingbeam) system. Its most notable feature is that headlights on both sides of a car can be deployed independently on the basis of a remote close light. When it is detected, the light on one side of the vehicle will be turned into a near light to prevent the driver from showing up.
The solution would be to use a led matrix of lamps, which would be equipped with several groups of led lamps, each of which would contain several led headlamps, each of which would be uniquely controlled and independently lighted, and which would allow the combination of numerous light programmes through the extinguishment and intensity of the lamp.
The shape of the future lamp product will be rapidly developed from "hardware plus software" to create a new blue sea for the lamp market. According to the driver of the lamp, the future lamp will be a combination of "programmable lights platform plus upgraded light programmes." The new generation of lights and the way the light is combined.
The exhibition, the spread of led, the exploration of matrix lamps, and the introduction of pixel lamps will make the light structure more sophisticated and complex, and this will mean an increase in the unit price and value added of the lamp. Together with the digitization of hardware, the development of different light programmes and the development of the logic triggering of light programmes may open up new sub-markets at the end of the back market, which would benefit the market space of the big lights industry.
Diagram 25 Smart Headlamps. Diagram 26 Smart Light Developments. 2.4.2 Smart Headlights. Next entrance to car Smartness.
The lighting system has become an important part of the trend towards car intelligence. The current intellectualization and electronicization of cars are increasing, and national laws and regulations impose higher requirements for motor vehicle performance, especially safety.
Lamp technology, which can be remotely programmed in real time, controls the timing and lightness of each of the different leds, projectors displays diversity, even to the location of the projectors and the formation of specific images, and applies this technology to different electronic settings, becoming a multiple of the auxiliary driving or interconnection solutions. The hd84 module has 84 leds distributed in matrix form, divided into three rows, with individual led chips precisely controlling 0%-100% of the light power.
This makes it possible to adjust the distribution of light required for different traffic conditions, weather conditions, road conditions.
Starwoo has accumulated a lot of intelligence in car lamps, and has successfully developed a second generation of adb prelights. Starwoo started to promote afs in 2011 and a second generation of adb prelights in 2011. Starwoo launched the Automobile Electronics and Lighting Research and Development Center project and the Smart Manufacturing Industries Park project in 2017. Starwoo shares (601799) are reported in depth.
The development of new technologies in the field of research and development and intelligence has entered the fast track. The afs of Star-woo already have a batch of gs4,adb, which is being matched by a small batch of autonomous mainframes.
Competition patterns: The domestic market is over-extended, and the development of the capital-light industry at the end of 3.1.1 is taking place around the entire world, with the growth of its customers. The major players in the global automobile-light industry are Japan’s small ones.
Europe’s CarLights are mainly Phareo (France), Heila (Germany), Zkw (Austria) is set up around European and American systems, and Manitimari (Italy) is set up mainly by Fiat Krysler. Japan’s CarLights are dominated by miniatures, city lights, and solar customers. Korea’s CarLights are dominated by Mobis, Trinity, and Korean customers.
There is a need to adapt to national and regional laws and regulations, so the speed of response is much higher. Carlight companies often choose their own lights suppliers. At the end of the last century, traditional auto industry powers such as Japan and the United States infiltrated Asia and the Pacific and emerging markets such as Brazil.
In the 1990s, Ray entered China, Heila entered China, and other markets like China and Korea. The giants were able to expand, and they were more responsive to the movement of the entire car industry, so we thought that there would be no change in the international pattern of competition, and that the giants of Tiny, Heirah, and Fareo would continue to hold on to the head of the industry and achieve strong growth.
From a global business perspective, the size of the city’s harvest and the city’s rate of consumption are quite different from that of the big drivers. The world’s top five car-light companies, Manetti Marelli, Fareo, Hira, and Stanley, account for 70% of their share, while other small and medium-sized producers share 21% of their share.
Starwoo’s 16-year revenue of $3.347 billion is somewhat different from the world’s industry giants. Figure 31 Share of the global market share in the lamp industry (2017) Chart 32 Part of the lamp business’s global collection in 14-16 (in millions of yuan)
3.1.3 The pattern of domestic competition – a super strong one – is now in place, and Starryo is the only home-grown enterprise that has entered the ranks of the strong. The domestic spotlight industry is more concentrated in the form of a super-powerful competition bureau, one of which is now the Chinese vision (formerly Small Shanghai), and the majority of which are Faleo, Sungwoo, Guangzhou and others, with a market share of about 8%.
Starwoo is the country’s largest domestic investor and the only domestic investor in the country’s market, with a clear advantage. Competing with industry: Starbucks are growing faster and net interest rates are far higher than the big ones.
The rate of replacement of vehicles has been increasing; in-house-funded factories such as Gilley have caught up with the suv dividend and the upgrading of their own brands, and have grown savagely; foreign-owned lights providers have long communication chains and higher product adjustment costs; these factors have provided domestic lights producers with an opportunity to replace co-financing/foreign competitors.
The company’s revenues are now close to the size of Stanley’s collection in the Chinese market, and remain at the top of the domestic firm, growing at a rate of more than 20%, but still far short of the small-scale system. Star-woo’s performance potential is strong, and the project’s reserves are high, and will be released over the next three years.
The main competition in the industry is higher, and the net interest rate is the highest. At present, the star is in the first echelon of the car-light industry, with joint ventures such as Heila, Siujong, and Stanley. As for the profitability of the star, he has performed better within the industry. Heila has the highest rates of Maori globally. Two reasons are: (1) the highest technological power of the sea and the use of products for medium- and high-end vehicles, and the value added and profit space of the product is significantly higher than that of his competitors.
(ii) Heila’s post-market operations are very profitable, with a Māori rate of up to 35%. Hewlett’s use of technological advantage as a key source of stability, investment in financial resources, and cutting-edge research on carlight technology have also resulted in high R&D costs and R&D costs of nearly 10%, compared to the industry’s average of 4% right. This is one of the main reasons for its high Māori rate but low net interest rates.
Starwoo's Māori rate is lower than that of Heirah, but the ratio of internal supply of spare parts is higher than that of Heirah, due to the company's strong cost control. Starbow rates are higher than that of the small ones. Snacks are predominantly based on traditional carlight sales, but low product cost controls lead to low Māori ratios.
Figure 38 Comparison of Net Interest Rates of CarLight Enterprises (Global) Star's competitive edge: fast R & D, good quality control, cost advantage of 2.3.1 over cost control and responsiveness of external partners, quality over domestic counterparts and R & D capability
Starlights have two advantages over joint ventures: 1. Core lights are profitable. Two factors lead to high profitability. First, lower product costs, higher share of starlights (e.g. plastic casings, light controllers, etc.) are produced autonomously, with vertical integration of the supply chain.
Shen Woo reduced the cost of purchasing spare parts; the second was that he had a lower human cost, with a per capita salary of only 1/2 of Heirah, 2/3 of Heirah, and about 4/5 of Stanley. Strong profitability allowed companies to take market shares at prices slightly lower than those offered by competitors, without compromising their financial performance.
As an in-house enterprise, the R & D agency is located in the country. The global R & D network is a multinational enterprise that complicates the decision-making and R & D chain for the corresponding needs of clients. The information is delayed and the R & D chain is short, making the S & D response to clients better than the demand.
Figure 39 Average Pay Comparison in China (in yuan) Stanley compares FDI/joint venture lights with design capability, quality control, and local service, product pricing, cost control.
The S.A.R.D. system is much more robust than the other in-house lights, with higher design capabilities and better quality control.
The basics of the lights are the building blocks of the project. Starwoo currently has 502 patents, of which 44 are inventions. The company undertook a national 863 project and a national torch project. In 2007, the company pilot centre acquired a national experimental qualification, and in November 2010 it was identified as a national firm with an in-depth report (601799).
The Technology Centre. The successful development of the edb lamp and the blue-and-white laser-assisted remote light in the first half of 2017 laid the foundation for high-end products. Active layout of the smart car lamp, working with China’s strategy to reduce China’s emissions, promoted the electronicization of the lights.
4. Analysis of the growth potential of the company
4.1.1 Full customerization: from autonomous brand companies to joint ventures, from medium-end brands to luxury brands, to a comprehensive customer matching hierarchy. The domestic front-loading market has high barriers, and access to the mainframe project requires first access to the list of suppliers of the mainframe plant, which requires higher R & D capabilities, product quality, production capacity, etc. of the lights enterprise.
- Joint ventures (one for the general public, one for the general public, one for the general public, one for the upper gas, one for the Toyota, one for the Toyota, one for Hiromoto, one for the Great Toyoto) - a full customer support level (Odi, BMW) - an emerging car-making power (a car). In terms of customer quality, the company’s first-largest customer in 2011 was a Chiri car, and the listed company was active in expanding joint venture customers such as the Volkswagen, one for the Toyota, and in 2011 a crowd replaced the Chiri car as its first customer.
The company’s adherence to the independent supplier path, which has gradually enriched its clients’ resources while avoiding the risk of a single customer concentration. From the beginning of its existence, it has chosen a path of development that does not depend on a single full-car manufacturing enterprise, insisting on an independent supplier, and has built up over the years in line with this development strategy.
The wealth of customer resources allows companies to share in the future development of the Chinese automobile industry, while reducing the business risks associated with the volatility of individual whole-car manufacturing enterprises, the sales share of the top five clients of the company has declined from 87.3 per cent in 2014 to 65.33 per cent in 2017, and the concentration of customer risks has further increased.
4.1.2 Product structure optimization: product upgrading, structural optimization,1 high Maori headlights, post-combined lamp share upgrading (75 per cent) and low Maori small light share reduction.2 Led penetration: conversion from haloton lamps, aphid lamps to led lamps.
3. Carlights are smart: Affs, Afro (ahb), adb (self-adapted headlights). Turns out to be a post-business combination, with a higher Māori rate, but a lower price for one-car apparel. Means that companies are profitable but have lower performance potential, so it becomes inevitable that the focus of business is shifted to the front light with the highest value added in the whole lighting system. The share of corporate headlight revenue has risen to almost 40% in 2017.
The company estimates that the share of lamps will rise to over 40% 18 years ago. Further expansion of the front-light business also offers more possibilities for performance, with ledization, a combination of two major trends in intelligence and an increase in the share of front-lights, which will help the planet to hoard more of its performance potential.
From 2018 onward, the company’s full-blue light project was released into the order release period. The company’s led lamp project included a popular t-roc viewer forelight (led), a popular tayron forelight (led), a popular beam forelight (led), an Odyq5 forelight (silent gas +led), an east wind forelight t90, and so on.
The client structure and product structure have been continuously upgraded, leading to a substantial increase in the volume of lights. Volume: 57.712 million headlights sold by companies in 2017, an increase of 11.8 per cent over the same period. Price: the average cost of a single star lamp has been measured to increase from $43 in 2011 to $75 in 2017. While the average cost per head has increased, the difference between the average price and the cost has gradually increased, from $16 in 2011 to $24 in 2017.
The reasons for this increase are: (i) active client outreach, full coverage of autonomous-joint ventures-import-emerging car-making forces, with an increase in the number of high-end customers, leading to an increase in the average price of products and increased profitability.
2. The upgrading of the unit price of the product as a result of the upgrade of the supporting vehicle model, from a level-a to a level-b vehicle, from a medium-end vehicle (Golf, Paulé, Blue Bird, etc.) to a luxury vehicle (Odya 3, a6l, q5, etc.),3 and the upgrading of the product structure from halogen lamps to thorium gas lamps, which together leads to an increase in the volume and profitability of the company ' s products.
Figure 49 shows a steady increase in the sale of lamps, figure 50 average single-light prices and a sustained increase in Māori External opportunities: ed light penetration increases, led lights become the mainstream configuration of the new joint brand model
The penetration rate of the Led headlights in the 2016 class of the main client is about 12%, while the penetration rate in the 2018 class of the new vehicle has risen to around 30%. And in the 2018 class of the new vehicle, the penetration rate of the Led is about 15% higher than that of the silicon. The advantage of the Led headlights over the replacement of the traditional headlights is clear, and the key technology of the Led headlights has been overtaken, the cost has been steadily declining, and the conditions for large-scale penetration are in place.
Led's traffic penetration in the light market is increasing rapidly, and the front-lights in the largest car in profit space are accelerating. The smartness of the lights is accelerating, and the future pattern of the lamp products that will adapt to the lights to create a new segmented market will develop rapidly from the “hardware plus software” to the “hardware plus software.”
With less than 1 per cent, this high-value-added area has a huge market space. The total number of sub-types for the front lights of the star's main client, Led, has risen from 34 sub-types in 2016 to 103 sub-types in 2016, and the total number of sub-types for the daylights has risen from 200 in 2016 to 270 in 2018.
Head-to-head customers enter the new product cycle, and Starwoo will benefit from their growing sales. The car industry is becoming more competitive, new manufacturers, new cars show blow-up, pushing up consumer expectations about cars. The life cycle of single-generation cars is getting shorter, mature models are changing and new models are being developed and developed.
The technology caters to consumers, with car lamps as one of the sub-systems in most of the systems that have been replaced by a new emphasis, and the potential for the increase in the added value of the lights will be released. As the top client, the second client, Toyota, accounts for more than 50% of the total revenue.
The front-light penetration rate of Led in the head-head customer and in the Toyota replacement model has increased significantly, and the LED front-lighting order for Starwoo is entering the release period. In the first-largest customer, the front-line penetration rate rose from 0 per cent in 2016 to 24.7 per cent in 2018. In the second-high-volume Audi front-line penetration rate rose from 1.7 per cent in 2016 to 78.1 per cent in 2018.
In the large customer toyota ' s upper-market model, the penetration rate of Led headlights increased from 50 per cent in 2016 to 73.9 per cent in 2018 as the most expensive and profitable kind of lamp in the overall vehicle, and the rapid increase in the penetration of the head headlights will generate a large demand for the Starwoond headlights, which will probably boost the performance and profitability of the planet.
One mass product cycle is up and running, and the Starlights enter the order release period. 4.3.1.1 One mass: the mqb platform accelerates the replacement or re-placing, 24.7 per cent of the new 2018 cars of the public and 78.1 per cent of the new 2018 cars of the Audis and 78.1 per cent of the new 2018 vehicles of the public.
In 2017, a total of 1,451,000 new vehicles were sold throughout the year, an increase of 6.8 per cent compared to the same year, successfully achieving the annual sales target of 1.05 million vehicles under the popular brand; of these, speeding up the average monthly sales of 27,000 vehicles in 2017, cumulative sales of 328,000 vehicles throughout the year, maintaining the title of champion in the a+ market, annual sales of treasures increased by 12.5 per cent on average, to 248,000 vehicles, and 36 per cent to 37 per cent of the purchase of a mass car light in 2015, which is currently provided by the Chief Star.
Modularized platforms are meant to improve the generality of car parts and components and to reduce the cycle of model development. But many of the models are still in the previous generation’s pq series in the early stages of their application. This has led to the population’s accelerating drive under the mqb platform.
In the next 1-2 years, a popular brand will be replaced or re-modified by a multi-volume mqb platform, such as the Bollais, Golf. The Mqb platform, which was the first to be marketed last year, will be replaced by an explosive market, with a 47.3 per cent increase in sales over the next three years.
The Volkswagen Audi will be on the market with 30 new models, and the volume of mass sales is expected to grow rapidly over the next two years. Mass cars announced their new car program in China from 2018 to 2020 at the launch of the Suv strategy. Under the plan, by 2020, the Volkswagen will be launching 12 new suv models in China, and 10 new new energy models.
New vehicles have also been released, new vehicles have been released, a single-bang-t-roc, a new medium-sized suvtayron, and a new, compact mass-based suvtharu. A popular vehicle currently supplied by Star Woo has a high-speed/boldy model, a 2018 treasure has been installed with a Led lamp, and a new Led lamp will be placed on the market in 2019. The popular new car t-roc probe, which came to the market in July 2018, will also be equipped with a large light, and will be of significant value to the vehicle system.
Star-woo continues to carry out projects in a mass-supplier system, with orders released centrally in the second half of the year, leading to an increase in star-sung-supplier performance. Figure 54 shows a new public branding breakdown of cars for 2018, a front-light penetration rate of 24.7% for led, and two suv-t-roc and tayron for the public, equipped with full-red lights and tails.
t-roc scouts for eight cars at a price of $13.98-2098,000, with two low halogen prelights and six high-red forward lights. t-roc scouts for the production of a popular Buddha Mountain factory, with capacity planned at 15-20 million. A second mass suv — tayron — will be officially marketed in November. The new car will be located in medium suv, with a power component of 2.0t high power engines and a four-drive system.
Lights and taillights. Starwoo with led lights for t-roc scouts, taillights for medium-sized suvtayron.
4.3.2 One Audi Star is currently supplied with a single Audi package, mainly to the Audi domestic project. The Odia 3, q5, q3, plus aled, and a6, with small lights. The Odia 3, starting in 2017, has been supplied with q5, and the q3, endlight project has started this year.
The supply chain where Starwoo can enter Audi's lights is a reflection of the technology of Starbucks and recognition of their strength by the entire factory with the world's best carlight technology. Audi's headlight technology leads the world, and Audi leads the world in front of the car's headlights. In 1992, Audi started to use red led lamps. In 1994, Audi4 loaded four headlights. In 2003, Audi started using striped led lamps.
In 2005, Audi started using a full-function Led headlight. In 2007, Audi launched a word-for-word headlights on a4. In 2009, Audi launched a limo a8 that collects all LED lights. In 2011, Audi launched a laser headlight on a sportquattro concept vehicle. In 2011, Audi began to try the LED headlights. In 2013, Audi launched a matrixled headlight until today.
Audi's headlight technology has been at the front end of the industry. Out of a new Audi 2018 brands, which have a breakdown of the type of car light used, Led's headlight penetration has reached 78.1%, and Audi, as the world's beacon of light trends, can also see the super-promotion of the front headlights.
The year 2018 was the year of the company's Led front lights, with the company's full hand orders. The company's front lights were low in 2016, followed by a combination of about 50% and less than 20% overall. The company had 138 new projects in 2016, of which 19 were front lights and 8 were full light lamps.
These include 9 pre-light projects, 72 new projects for the company in 2017, 104 new projects for the bulk-car light, and high-quality batch projects and new projects, which provide strong guarantees for the company’s development. The company’s unmanageable orders, $15-16 billion, were delivered in 3-5 years.
4.4.1 One toyota: The Toyota All New Tnga concept promotes a new, 2018 new-listed car with 73.9% Led penetration, ranking first, with a 14% increase from the same year. Rav4 is ranked second and third, with 127,000 and 98,000 sold, respectively. One toyota has been introduced to the Toyota All New Tnga Beehive platform and will be operational in the future. In July of this year, a small suv was introduced by Toyota.
The Tnga concept will be applied in the future to replace all the models under the flag. The second largest client of Starwoo is Toyota, which is responsible for supplying the best-selling car car car car, as well as the headlights. These two are the highest-selling car under the Toyota flag, which together contributes 65% of the sales. Both end-use discounts are currently low and are at an advanced stage of the life cycle, with users buying more.
These cars will be replaced in 18 years and will further boost their sales. A new Toyota 2018 brand, with a breakdown of the type of headlamps used in the model, also shows an alarming 72.9% penetration of the Led headlights.
4.5 Starbucket production planning: the three main bases guarantee a steady increase in production capacity The company currently has three bases: Changzhou, Changchun, and Fushan. The Changzhou factory is a company that produces front-lights, then combines them, fog lamps, light lamps (theoristic capacity of 45 million, having used 39,87 million in 15 years, with a utilization rate of 88.6 per cent).
In 16 years, the company has increased by $804 million to expand the Changchun plant, but in 17 years it has moved to China East and South China in conjunction with a mass production capacity, changing the site of the expansion project to Changzhou, with an expected increase of 1 million post-combined lamps and 1 million headlights production capacity;
Lights, 1 million post-combination lamps, 1 million headlights; 10,000 headlights and 800,000 post-combination lamps, with phase II of the plant expected to be completed by the end of 2018, with capacity to climb to 1.4 million headlights and 1.1 million taillights.
We started by collating the top five clients of Starwoo, predicting the volume of each customer and the value of the suspense and bicycles, and getting the sales of Starwoo to the top five customers. We also measured the sales of Starwoo to other customers.
On a summary basis, we forecast the revenue from Stars 18/19/20 at $4,795 million, $5,961,732 million, plus the sales of his business in addition to the lights, and the total revenue from Stars 18/19/20 at $5,323,6516 million, $7,905 million, with an increase of 27.81 per cent and 24.31 per cent, and the rate of improvement in the pre-lights was lower than expected.
The rise in the price of raw materials affects the Māori rate.