Fire power repair is resilient, green power holding yields are high, and the Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre, with billions of dollars, is ahead of the industry, with high performance elasticity; 2) 22H1 has the same price for integrated access to the Internet
This is 23.1% over the 21-year period. The company is the only conventional energy source under the China Electric Group, with a total of 53.4gw installed for 21 years, of which coal/firers/hydropower installed, respectively.
The net profit from the return of the mother is $60 million, the first loss in the industry. The capital structure of the company is being optimized, the assets are negative, the electricity and coal chief's collage price is rising, and the company's profits are being restored for 22 years. In 22 years, our coal production policy has continued to grow, and in June 22 years, our primary coal production grew at a peak of 15.3 per cent per month, while at the same time growing at a rate of 15.3 per cent.
In July 21, the three “100%” target was defined, and company coal combustion costs are expected to fall significantly. At the same time, in a context of electricity supply and demand stress, 22h1 companies increased their combined access to electricity by 23.1% on a year-on-year basis, exceeding 500 yuan/megawatt hours for the first time.
. ..with high growth in new energy performance, 31% of equity will contribute to the firm's investment returns. In 21 years, corporate equity returns were $2.47 billion, mainly from the shareholding of 31.0% of new electricity.
High growth in new energy performance is expected to contribute to the company’s continued high investment returns. The annual net profit of the parent, Cagr, is about 25.9%. 22q1, has already taken the lead in reversing the loss, and the fire power performance is expected to continue, but comparable companies hold part of the new energy assets, and the company has access to new energy only in the form of equity participation.
The development of the company is divided into three broad periods:
The month was co-founded by five sponsors, the Shandong Power Group and the Shandong International Trust Investment Corporation: in June 1999, the company was listed on the Hong Kong joint exchange: 53.6 per cent of the shares held by Shandong Power Group were transferred to HEC after the restructuring of the electricity system at the end of 2002; and in February 2005, the company was listed.
In 2006, the company invested $320 million in the China Power and Coal industry as the country’s first coal and electricity integrated enterprise. In the same year, the company expanded from Shandong to the whole country and acquired and built new power projects in Sichuan, Ningxia, Anhui, etc.
During the following years, the company began to deploy the water wind power sector, which was dominated by fire power, hydropower, wind power, and photovoltaic power generation. In the course of the year, HCI spent $1.690 billion on the purchase of Sichuan hydroelectric assets to optimize the power supply structure. In 2014, 12 billion dollars were spent on building the Ningxia wind power and 300mw solar photovoltaic projects. In 2015, 3.8 billion dollars were spent on the acquisition of North Lake power from the China Electric Company (the main camp).
In May 2021, the company stripped off its new energy assets and acquired 31% of its new power, with the prospect of continuing to reap the dividends of its new energy development. HCI is the largest fire power company under HEC’s flag, and is the ultimate platform for integrating the group’s conventional energy generating assets.
Established in 2002 as one of the country's “five major power-generating groups” under the supervision of the State Finance Committee of the State Council, a mega-central enterprise. The group now covers five major areas of operations: power generation, coal, finance, science, and integrated energy services, and has a more competitive advantage as one of the world's 500 largest companies.
The integration platform and the development of the core enterprises of conventional energy power can provide coal-fired power supply facilities for companies using group resources, and can benefit from the continued financing of the Group’s non-listed conventional energy assets. Moreover, as an indirect shareholder of the National Investment Commission, debt financing can be financed at lower interest costs.
Figure 2: The company is the largest coal company under the flag of HMG, which consolidated its 21-year new energy assets and held a 31 per cent share in HNE. On 24 May 21, the company and HSE and its shareholder, HYEFO, jointly signed an agreement to boost the capital of HSE, with a proposed contribution of US$ 2,124 million.
The dollar (of which some of the new energy companies have equity holdings of at least $13.61 billion and cash contributions of at least $7.63 billion) has been transferred to the new energy companies owned by the New Power Energy Corporation, which subscribes to an additional registered capital of $5.90 billion for new power sources, with final cash exchange of at least $7.69 billion and shares of 37.2 per cent of the new power. At the same time, the company has indirectly held the new energy sources associated with it.
The company sold the new energy assets, the new energy equity and the new energy front projects (2.6gw in shipment, 0.33gw in construction) to HSE at a total cost of approximately $5.29 billion, and eventually $5.61 billion. On December 7, 21st, HCNF launched the battle through the North Exchange, successfully introducing 13 battles, including Chinese life, China's new country, the National Green Development Fund, etc.
On 17 December of that year, the company sold “Yung-Sin Project”, “Zunghua Project” and “Khma Project” for a total value of $340 million for the construction of a photovoltaic project. By the end of 21, the company had completed the divestment of all new energy assets, with the exception of a 3.5mw light voltage machine from the Stone Mansion and Hebei Hydroelectric Company.
Figure 3: New energy asset divestment in 21 years, 31 per cent shareholding in the new power source, rapid growth in the participation in the new power source, 11.7 times higher returns on corporate investment in 21 years. Long-term equity investment in 21 years amounted to $37.3 billion, an increase of $25.3 billion, or 210 per cent, compared to the beginning of the year.
Thirty-one per cent of the new power source (formerly Fashion Wind) was purchased. At the end of the year, the company invested $7.24 billion, or 1,170 per cent higher. The long-term equity gain amounted to $2.47 billion, with $4.77 billion benefiting from the disposal of Ningxionvu and Ningxia shares. 21 years of revenue and net gains contributed to the company’s high investment returns.
1.2 Performance has been reversed and financial prospects are expected to improve further by billions of yuan, with high coal prices accounting for 81.4 per cent, 11.3 per cent, and 7.3 per cent, respectively, resulting in a significant loss of gross profits in the company’s main business of $7.86 billion for the first time in five years, with losses of $4.82 billion in electricity generation and $2.4 billion in heating operations, respectively.
The company’s 22q1 net profit to the mother was $60 million, leading to a reversal in the industry. The firm’s steady increase in revenue in 17-21 years, and the annual rise in coal prices resulted in a significant loss of net profit to the mother, $4.97 billion.
The company’s performance is expected to recover further in 22 years, with the second half of the year’s increase in COCO’s performance and the company’s market-based trading power supply rising. On the other hand, the growth in the size of the renewable energy units for gas power and water has led to the growth of the company’s total loaders.
The number of installed machines was 42.4gw/8.6gw/2.4gw, of which 79.4 per cent were coal machines, and 31 per cent of the company ' s total wind assets were removed in 21 years, resulting in a decline of 8.7 per cent in the size of the total installed power, which in 21 years was 218.8 billion kilowatt-hours, an increase of 12.5 per cent.
The company’s combined access prices have increased considerably, and the fleet’s hours of use have remained stable. The company’s fleet has remained stable at 4,000 hours for almost five years, and the number of hours spent by the epidemic has fallen 8.4 per cent year-on-year for 20 years.
The price of grid electricity began to climb significantly, growing by 6.3 per cent in 21 years and by 23.1 per cent in 22h1 year-on-year, reaching $518/mwh. The apparent increase in the price of combined grid electricity was mainly due to high fuel costs and tight electricity supply and demand, with the share of company marketed electricity rising from 59.6 per cent in 20 years to 63.8 per cent in 21 years.
In recent years, the cost of corporate finance has been decreasing, and the financial cost rate has been decreasing year by year. The overall rate of company-to-year costs has been declining, with the rate of corporate management having stabilized at around 2% in 17-21, while the financial cost rate has declined significantly by 2.3 pp over a five-year period.
The average annual nominal interest rate on the company’s medium-term notes fell from 4.83 per cent in 17 years to the lowest of 22 years, and, accordingly, the company’s financial cost rate dropped to the lowest of almost five years. The overall net interest rate of the company remained on the rise, with the company’s net interest rate of 22q1 ranking second among the large coal companies.
Interest rates are higher by 1.2 pp, 3.4 pp, and 3.3 pp, respectively. The 21-year high price of coal resulted in a significant net loss on the company’s net profit, with negative growth for the first time in five years.
The capital structure of the company continues to be optimized, and the debt is at the middle level of the industry. Over the past five years, the asset-liability ratio of the company has gradually improved, the price of two coals has fallen and the price of electricity has risen.
Fire power continues to be the main source of electricity supply in the country, with a steady increase in full-calibre installed and power generated throughout the country. The full-calibre installed capacity rose from 1784gw in 17 years to 2380gw in 21 years, and the cagr reached 7.5%. In terms of capacity, the number of installed units increased from 6.5 trillion kilowatts to 8.4 trillion kilowatts in 21 years, and the cagr to 6.7% in 21 years.
Fire power remains the backbone of our current power supply, both in terms of the size of the installed machinery and in terms of the amount of electricity generated, and will continue to play a “deep-down” role. Coal prices continue to rise, with Roe turning back after 21 years of significant losses.
The average annual price of coal shows a clear negative trend, with a 10-year and 11-year powered coal price index at a historical high of about $800/tonne, with a small loss for the company Roe; in 12-14, when coal prices were in a downward route, the company rose continuously. In 21 years, when coal prices were up to 85.8 per cent of marketized transactions, the combined Internet price rose to $516/MW, and there was a marked turnaround in Roe.
In 22 years, the company will further increase the share of electricity traded and maintain a higher price of electricity on the Internet. In 21 years, the National Development and Reform Commission will issue such documents as 100% full coverage of the Association of Coal Governors to regulate high coal prices, issuing notice of market-based changes in the prices of coal-fired electricity on the Internet, liberalizing the floating zone of electricity prices and improving cost-side and sales-end synchronization.
In the second half of the year, the National Development and Reform Commission and the provinces and cities took steps to accelerate the release of high-quality coal production and to guide the return of coal prices to reasonable levels. With the orderly resumption of coal production by various coal mining companies, the Chinese Coal Industry Association (CICA) data show that national coal production has remained stable at more than 12 million tons per day.
The increase in production has been accompanied by a steady increase in the monthly rate of production of primary coal from above-scale industries, which reached 14.8% in March of 22nd year, contributing to a further fall in fuel costs for power-generating enterprises. The compliance rate is expected to increase continuously, and coal prices are expected to return to reasonable areas.
Issuance of the Circular on Further Improvement of the Coal Market Price-Forcing Mechanism, which identifies reasonable inter-zone prices of coal in the port of Qin Royal Island, 320-520 yuan per ton, 260-460 yuan per ton, and 200-300 yuan per ton in Mondon. For 22 years, coal prices have been high as a result of the uplifting of prices by some coal operators in the off-the-shelf market.
On March 18, 22, 22, the National Development and Reform Commission (NDRC) deployed coal contracts for medium- and long-term contracts to perform special verifications, requiring coal companies to enter into medium- and long-term contracts of over 80% of their own resources, and for the generation of electricity for the annual use of coal in thermal enterprises to achieve full coverage of medium- and long-term supply and demand contracts.
In order to expedite the implementation of the 2022 Circular on Resignation of Medium- and Long-Term Contracts for Resigning of Electric Coals, the enterprise is required to complete the work of the relevant platform by 8 July in order to expedite the re-offer of 22 years' Resignation of Medium- and Long-Term Contracts for Resigning of Electric Coals as soon as possible to meet the target of three “100 per cent” (100 per cent signing rate, 100 per cent compliance rate, 100 per cent price policy).
The increase in production supply and the increase in the COCO compliance rate are expected to restore the cost of electricity to reasonable areas. 2.2 Marketized transactions raise the price of electricity on the Internet, profits inversely increase the amount of electricity available to society as a whole, and reforms in the marketization of electricity are under way, with good prospects for industrial development.
From the second half of 21 years, high-coal prices drove companies to increase the average price of electricity on the Internet. The marketability of company electricity increased from 37.3% in 17 years to 85.8% in 22q1, a 48.5% increase.
Coal combustion costs are high for companies, and companies increase their revenues by raising the market share of electricity to ease the high cost pressure of coal combustion. Corporate average electricity prices on the Internet are on the rise overall, rising by 34% over five years.
Not more than 15 per cent, and 20 years to remain suspended; on the other hand, in order to promote economic recovery after the outbreak, the State requires 20 years to reduce the prices of electricity for industrial enterprises and two years to reduce the prices of electricity for the company's electricity grid.
In October of the same year, the National Development and Reform Commission issued a circular on further deepening of the market-based changes in the prices of coal-fired electricity on the Internet, which eased the market price floating zone from [10 per cent, 15 per cent] to [-20 per cent and 20 per cent] and did not limit the ceiling on the fluctuations of energy-intensive enterprises.
For 22 years, provinces and municipalities have responded to the implementation of new pricing mechanisms, such as: in the bilateral negotiations in Tianjin City in July 22 22, the base price was 0.366 yuan per kilowatt hour, the marketized trade price was set at 0.480 yuan per kilowatt hour, and the market prices in Hebei, Zhejiang and Jiangsu provinces remained high. The company’s power plants were concentrated mainly in Shandong and North Lakes.
In July, electricity prices rose by 4.0 per cent and 11.3 per cent, respectively, and the price of electricity kept up would help the company recover for profit. 3.1 The net gain of the new power source and the double impact of the Davis double-shooting effect continued to be positive for participating firms, with a net gain of 77.5 per cent in 21 years.
After being stripped, they hold a stock of 31.0% of the new power source. In 21 years, the total revenue of the new power source was $21.6 billion, up 31.4%, mainly because 21 years of the new power source was supplied with approximately 19.7 billion new energy assets from the power source International, the new power source, and the Chinese power source, and the wind engine model was significantly upgraded.
The net profit from the new year’s power generation is $7.84 billion, up 77.5 per cent, more than one-fold higher than the growth rate of the harvest. This is mainly due to the growth in revenue, the slowdown in the cost of the increase in revenue and the higher return on investment than in the previous year, which is about $1.34 billion.
In the same year, the net profits of the company reached $7.84 billion, exceeding the net profits of the company, which exceeded the net revenues of $7.26 billion, and the first of four comparable companies, the main source of electricity and new energy and investment revenues increased significantly compared with those of China.
Long-source electricity is 15.6 billion yuan lower, but the net gain is 580 million yuan higher, indicating that, by the end of March 22, China’s new power generation is more profitable and competitive with its counterparts. The total market value of the new power generation is expected to reach 160 billion yuan, based on comparable company valuations.
Table 1: The total market value of the new energy sources is estimated to be more than $40 billion and the future investment returns are expected to be substantial. In May 21, the new energy assets removed from China International were injected into the new energy sources and 37% of the new energy sources were won.
Fifteen billion won, and HCI diluted its shares to 31%. A share is now on the market, and the stock issue of HNE is 15-30% of the total stock market. It is expected that HCI shares will be diluted to 22-26%. The equity value is expected to exceed 40 billion. The rapid development of new HCI energy will continue to contribute high returns to HCI, and companies will receive long-term equity investments.
The benefits are expected to grow from $2.47 billion in 21 years.
In October 21, the State Department issued the Carbon Peaks Action Programme to 2030, which states that the 14th Five-Year Plan will promote the replacement and transformation of coal consumption, the full-scale promotion of wind light, and the massive development of wind and light machines with a total capacity of more than 1.2 billion kW in 30 years.
With a minimum of 1,200 gw in 30 years, the country's wind-loading capacity will be 560 gw or more in the next nine years, 137.69 billion kW. With a double carbon target, our new energy generation company will have new opportunities for development during the 1455s. In 21 years, the size of the new power generation wind-loader has increased to 27.4 gw, and it will be among the top of its counterparts.
New energy has continued to receive new energy assets injected by HCNW, HCNI and Chinese electricity, and the size of the wind engine has increased steadily, from 16.9gw in 19 to 27.4gw in 21 years, with a capr reaching 27.3 per cent.
By the end of 21st year, the HNP 27.4gw wind-loading machine was the top of the ranks of the new energy companies, 4.5gw and 2.6gw higher than the two leading new energy-listed companies, respectively, and the HNP was expected to be the largest listed company.
Of the funds to be raised, $21 billion is to be used for wind power, solar power, and $9 billion to be used to replenish liquidity. The company raises wind and light power in 23 provinces and cities across the country, with a focus on the three northern regions of Xinjiang, Gansu and Qinghai.
During the fourteen-five-year period, the power and power of the new wind and wind project will continue to grow in size. It proposes a “five-one” development goal, with installed-scale targets of 100 gw, capr net interest rates for new energy and roe growth expected to yield a substantial and stable return on investment.
In 19-21, it rose from 8.7 per cent to 12.7 per cent, and grew by 4 per cent in two years. In the last two years, it was significantly higher than its counterparts in the new energy company. On the one hand, the expansion of the net assets of the new energy source and the increase in profits led to the growth of the new energy source; and, on the other hand, the high level of the debt of the new energy source.
With 15.17 million kilowatts of wind and light projects coming into operation in the future, and the steady spread of investments in nuclear power companies, the net interest rate for new power sources will grow further, and it is expected to contribute a high and sustained return on investment. Assuming that the cost of power and fuel for companies is falling, the profitability of companies will recover.
(b) Assumption 3: the company's share participation in the new power generation is maintained at a high rate, with investment returns of $26/30/35 billion over the next three years;
We chose three mainstream companies in the fire power industry, compared to an average of 1.7 times the pb in 2022. Considering that the company has already taken the lead in reversing the losses in 22q1, the company’s profits are expected to recover further as the performance rate of the association has increased, and the company’s profits are expected to recover further.
But comparable companies hold some of the new energy assets, while companies capture the benefits of the new energy assets only through equity participation, taking into account the risk of rising coal prices, the risk of falling electricity prices, and the underperformance of the new power source. No one has ever suffered, nor will they receive, directly or indirectly, any form of compensation for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.