\triangleright \triangleright \triangleright
The joint venture brand has continued to operate. The total sales volume of the company's 2024h1 is 863,000, compared to the \triangleright card. In terms of the joint venture brand, there are 2024q2 batches of 91,000 in Hiroshima, compared to the ring.
1. The Broad Gas Group (601238.sh) series reviews seven: Autonomy 40.8 per cent/+58.5 per cent. We believe that there are pressures on the sales of joint ventures in the context of the trend towards self-empowerment, but that there is a continuous acceleration of new energy sources and a sustained improvement in the performance of the distribution series.
In terms of intelligence, the group \triangleright \triangleright
With technological development and application capabilities ranging from l2 to l4, the L2+ Urban Smart Driver has taken the lead in a series of four reviews: Autonomy and second generation aionv are on the market, with the aim of creating a national open city in urban areas this year.
At that time, the BG based its research on autopilot technology, Robotaxi, Robobus and the development and transport of flying vehicles.
Intelligent ecological construction will be promoted in areas such as autopilot, artificial intelligence, data platforms, human robots, and all efforts will be made to accelerate the landing of intelligent strategies. Investment advice: companies will become increasingly competitive as joint brand leaders, and will be mixed and intelligent.
Nuclearly driven replacement of fuel trucks. Continuous validation of autonomous product power is expected to take off. We look forward to the findings of the methodological and analytical logic of \triangleright, to produce the present report independently and objectively and to be held accountable for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by the researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.