The company is Sichuan's largest water and electricity company.
In 2009, the largest shareholder, the Kawasaka Group, injected core hydropower assets, holding an installed capacity of 27,697,000 kilowatts, an equity capacity of 8.9837 kilowatts, 15 hydroelectric units such as the Consort, the Official Land, the Second Beach, etc.
In recent years, water and electricity use has stabilized at around 4,200 hours, leading by far in the province. The company’s equity installation of 8.98 million kilowatts is at the forefront of Sichuan, with an annual return on equity investment of about 16 per cent, while the hydropower plate is outstanding, with 48 per cent of the participants contributing more than 95 per cent of its performance in the last three years.
The Yagi River hydroelectric basin is monopolized, and the market for electricity is actively marketed. The Yai River has 2971 thousand kW planned and 13 kW is the third largest hydroelectric base in the country. The Yai River hydroelectric unit has 14.7 million kW monopoly over the Yai River basin and has a solid protection of the river. In 2016, the Yai River has a return on investment of 17.19%.
The four-phase development strategy for the Yagi River basin is being implemented in three phases, with 3-4 medium-stream power stations, including two estuaries, built around 2021, and 8 million additional installed. The two estuaries and Yang Quing power stations are expected to start generating power in 2021.
The Great Shareholder Kawakawa Group is strong, and high-quality assets continue to be injected. The Great Shareholder Kawakawa Group has more than $50 billion in assets, and the Holding Company has since injected assets such as Qayang Power, Yagi River Power, and Kawai Power, to promote growth in energy performance in Kawakawa. There are still more high-quality equity participation projects under the umbrella of the Great Shareholder, including Kwok Kwok.
Forty-nine per cent of the energy stock in Kawakawa, 49 per cent of the electricity and power streams in China, 20 per cent of the water hub in kiosk, 45 per cent of the shares in the power company in Kawaya, and more than $1 billion a year. Large shareholders are committed to avoiding competition among their counterparts, and companies, as the sole platform for major shareholders, will fully benefit from high-quality asset dividends from large shareholders.
Sio-Liang, the Sichuan hydroelectric dragon is firmly in place, the Yagi River hydroelectric basin is monopolized with a solid moat, and the ladder is synergized (8610) 66216815
The risk of water depletion from hydropower sources, the risk of slowing down the demand for downstream electricity, and the fact that construction is not proceeding as fast as expected.
The primary energy source for hydropower is clean energy, supported by the high-iron information industry. The central development of the energy source is clean energy sources, including the Yagi River, the National Power River, the Tian Peng Power Company, the Tian Wan River Company, which is in the top six electricity companies in Sichuan province.
Automation of transport systems, smart controls and fibre-optics, fibre-optic cables, etc., have gradually established a pattern of development supported by clean energy, mainly hydropower, and the high-iron information industry.
Of the $967 million generated by the company ' s main business, 805 million, or 83.30 per cent, was contributed by the provincial operations, which were more geographically significant. In 2009, core hydropower assets were injected.
In the same year, the company expanded its fibre-optic and fibre-optic operations through a joint venture. In August 2000, 54.25 per cent of the company's shares were transferred to the Kawakashi Group and its assets were restructured in September.
In December 2004, the company became fully-fledged.