Incidents: On 29 March, the Jiang Xi Copper Industry published its annual report for 2017. In 2017, the company achieved operating income of $205,047 million, an increase of 1.35 per cent over the same period; it was attributed to the listed Jiang Xi Copper Industry (600362.sh) with an interest rate of $2.0 million (including taxes), and a combined gold dividend of $693 million (including taxes) was found, representing 43.17 per cent of the net profits attributable to the average shareholders of the listed companies in the consolidated statements.
With the rise in copper prices in the east, profitability has increased considerably. The price of lme rose by more than 30% in 2017, as a result of the continued recovery of the global economy, the international copper mine strike and changes in China’s spent copper import policy. Companies seized the opportunity to continue to operate at a high level, producing 20,96 million tons of copper.
The company's mineral reserves are rich, and by the end of 2017 100% of the identified resources were approximately 997.9 million tons of copper metal, 296.5 tons of gold, 9,774 tons of silver, and 209,000 tons of molybdenum. In addition, the company has complete mining, mining, smelting, smelting, etc.
The company’s overall resilience to risks is excellent, thanks to the advantages of an integrated industrial chain, and strong reserves of resources provide a solid basis for the company’s future development. In the reporting period, the company prepared a total of 2,336 million yuan in asset impairments, of which 2,159 million yuan was accounted for in bad debt losses.
At the same time, the company’s commodity futures and forward contracts confirmed a total loss of $958 million due to higher copper prices. These factors, while having a significant impact on the company’s performance, have taken into account future trends in copper prices. According to projections published by the International Copper Research Group (icsg), the global copper refining supply in 2018 was 24,179,000 tons, requiring copper refining.
The \triangleright demand is 24,283,000 tons, with a global market deficit of 104,000 tons, and the supply gap strongly supports copper prices. As the factors affecting copper supply remain, the actual supply gap is more likely than expected, looking at the price of copper in 2018.
She's a research assistant at the Don't-E-T-T-T-T.
The company's first-page financial data is on the non-ferrous metal and steel team.
Don Ezekiel, Research Assistant for the Non-ferrous Metals Industry. M.A. in Finance, University of Foreign Economics and Trade, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2016 for research in the non-ferrous metals industry.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities, and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. It is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. It is intended only for these particular customers. It is not intended for the public to produce publicly available information that is considered reliable by a Sinda security, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the original presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because of the use of different assumptions and criteria.
No special notice may be issued in respect of the credit instruments, which issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.