Transistor Power (300316.sz): The long-crystal furnaces continue to be in place, reinforced, and the material layout creates a new growth point.
We believe that the current competitive expansion of silicon mills to take over territory will weaken supply and demand, and that the landscape of upstream long-crystal equipment is expected to continue. The company is the upstream long-crystal plant.
The company now produces two large and growing orders, which are similar to an expansionist strategy of land-grabbing production, driven by three factors: one based on the responsive demand for supply security in the context of silicon price hikes; and the other based on "first."
Land grabs, re-ploughing fields,” strategic sexual behaviour; the third is a definite trend in large-sized silicon tablets, which still face structural supply shortages. The latter two dots determine that silicon plant expansion is not a short-term exercise, and accelerate the technological upgrading of long-crystal equipment, which helps to smooth the flow cycle of equipment upstream.
Fully aligned with the needs of large customers is the main reason for companies to maintain their industry leadership and further strengthen them. Companies are closely tied to large customers, such as the Central Ring, through the sale of long-crystal equipment through the Advanced Translator Technology + Security Service; and the firm is built from the mainstream.
In the area of semiconductor equipment, the company has been branded in the field of semiconductor crystal growth and processing equipment, in collaboration with large customers, including the tcl central ring.
In addition to the long crystallization of large silicone tablets, the company continues to extend semiconductor silicon, compound semiconductor extenuating, and chemical gas.
Core equipment, such as sediment cvd, is developed and is expected to emerge in the future as a national alternative to semiconductor equipment, creating a growth curve in new equipment areas following a photovoltaic process.In the expansion of new material operations, companies have developed a large supply capacity for quartz-based waste materials.
At a later stage, further imports will include the sale of diamond wire materials to enhance their glue to customers from the end of the material. Silicon carbonated silicon yields 6 inches of high yield climbs, i.e., 6 inches of silicon carbide lined down in 2023, which is expected to yield a business model in which companies have set up a two-track business model for equipment and materials.
In the case of equipment, the company has accumulated a solid base of client groups and trust, and has achieved a large scale sale of core materials, such as quartz.
Core materials drive and ensure customer productivity, and instead further boost the sale of company crystal equipment, generating positive feedback. In the new business expansion, the company’s research and development and business expansion on other semiconductor sedimentation equipment, such as cvd, ald, and carbonated silicon-lined materials, are seeing the potential for revenue realization.
Downstream demand is not as good as expected, industry patterns are deteriorating, and new materials are not operating as expected. First, we believe that the current competitive expansion of silicon mills to take over territory will weaken the cyclicality of supply and demand, while upstream long-crystal equipment will be in a state of disarray.
The company now sells two large, abundant and growing orders that support its growth at a high rate over the next two to three years. The main growth logic of the current orders stems mainly from silicon millers’ competitive expansionist strategies similar to land-grabbing production, driven by three factors: one based on the responsive demand for supply security in the context of silicon price increases; and the other.
Because of the strategic sexual behaviour of “silicon silicon silica in sizes first, then tilling fields”; the third is a definite trend, and silicon production capacity still faces a structural supply deficit. The latter two dots determine that silicon plant expansion is not a short-term exercise, and speed up the technological upgrade of long-crystal equipment, which helps to iron the delivery of equipment upstream, while companies closely bind large customers, such as the Central Ring, to sell long-crystal equipment through “advanced crystal technology plus security services” on the one hand;
On the one hand, the company’s whole-chain supply system is also improving, ranging from primary crystallized equipment, appliance equipment, to the whole industry supply system, which is accompanied by consumables. A full mix of household demand is the main reason for the company’s leading role in the industry and its further strengthening.
In the field of long and processed equipment, brands have been created, entered into the supply chain system of many large domestic head silicone plants, replacing this area of equipment for the first time on a large scale and benefiting from this cycle of large silicone expansion. In addition to large silicone crystals, companies continue to develop semiconductor silicon, semiconductor extension of compounds, and chemical gas deposition cvd core equipment, and are expected to replace it in the future.
In the expansion of new material operations, rock-and-eating materials have shown remarkable success and silicon-carbonization readiness. Companies have developed a large supply of fossil-eating materials through early binding of imported graphite sand production and the production of 48,000 quartz per year in Ningxia crystal.
The company has developed a long-term accumulation of carbonated silicon crystal core technology, and is now uphill at 6 inches and has succeeded in growing 8 inches of carbon, silicon crystals, which enable the company to provide itself on a carbonated silicon crystal furnace, and is expected to achieve a scale sales capability in 2023 at the bottom of the silicon carbonated silicon line as the rate increases further.
In terms of the business model, the company has developed a two-track business model for equipment plus materials. On the equipment, the vanguard position of the smooth crystal business continues to be strengthened, with breakthroughs in the semiconductor long crystals field. On the material, the company has accumulated a solid base of client groups and trust through the equipment business, and has achieved a large scale sale of core materials, such as quartz, which will be further imported into the country later, including the sale of gold-line materials.
Selling, reinforcing the glue from the end of the material. The core material drives and assures the client’s production progress, and then further enhances the company’s sales of long crystal equipment, generating positive feedback.
Photovoltaics: Downstream competitive expansion trends reinforce the company's long-crystal pole status, downstream customer competitive expansion trends, firm orders continue to grow rapidly, and companies are now able to support the company's revenue growth rate over the next 2-3 years with hand orders.
The company currently has significant revenues to release after orders are completed and inventory equipment revenue is recognized. The continued growth of orders supports and guarantees high growth over the next few years.
The company, as the backbone of its domestic long-crystal equipment, plays a 210-sized long-crystal device, and downstream is dominated by silicon clients with large-scale production needs, including the middle ring of one of the oligarchs of the photovoltaic silicon, the crystallography of the integrated layout, the glossy landscape of the new light-voltage power, and the double-coloured. The company now has the largest single order from the middle ring, and according to the announcement, in 2021 it received a total of $8.2 billion in the Chinese ring, nearly half of the new orders made that year.
With new global energy demand spurred, the domestic downstream silicon sector is entering a competitive expansion phase. After two major rounds of expansion in the photovoltaic industry in 2020-2021, the expansion trend continued in 2022. Silicon, the largest growing link in the photovoltage chain, has expanded cumulatively over 1,000 gw since 2020, with 418gw in the silicon sector in January-August 2022 and over 2021 year-round expansion.
The company ' s main downstream clients continue to be actively expanding by collating production data: mid-ring, high view, silicon silicon in 2022, planning capacity of 140gw/30gw/50gw, with a combined planned output doubling from 2021; with silicon, central ring, upper-air, double-light and active vertical layout of components and batteries, and with crystals and crystals speeding up their integration strategies in silicon, batteries, and components.
(gw) The trend towards competitive expansion of silicon mills continues to ferment, weakening supply and demand cyclicality in the industry, and making silicon silicon crystals good. Silicon millers are similar to land-grabbing expansion strategies, driven by three factors: one is based on supply in the context of silicon price increases.
There should be a safe response to demand; the second is the strategic nature of “silica silicon silica in size”; the third is a definite trend, and silicon production capacity still faces structural shortages. The latter two dots determine that silicon plant expansion is not short-term and accelerates the technological upgrading of long-crystal equipment, and that the competitive expansion of downstream customers is not entirely influenced by market supply and demand, weakens the industry cycle and creates long-term upstream crystalry equipment.
i. Silicon supply and price fluctuations drive silicon mills to increase their capacity; supply constraints and price instability in the silicon chain affect safety of supply downstream; component manufacturers sign long sheets with silicon mills to ensure stability of supply upstream, while silicon mills need to build greater capacity to ensure supply stability and prevent loss of market share up to the end.
In September 2022, silicon prices climbed to $44/kg, almost three times higher than at the beginning of 2020. Silicon is a core material of photovoltaic batteries, characterized by large investments, complex technological processes, and long investment cycles. Energy release requires a longer construction cycle, while the price of silicon, which is created by the wrong mix of supply and demand, is bound to affect supply stability downstream.
Since the price of silicon material rose in the second half of 2020, in order to ensure the security of supply, several dragon assembly plants have signed silicon silica sheets to ensure their supply: they contain a contract between Aishu and Amitsu for the next three years, in late 2021, for the supply of nearly 3 billion silicon tablets: At the beginning of 2022, China signed an agreement for the supply of 1.05 billion silicon silicon tablets by the end of 2024: on May 2022, the East rose to a contract of $14.2 billion for the two sides.
Battery and assembly plants are long-term locks for silicon supply based on supply security concerns. Continued demand growth and customer length singles provide incentives for silicon chain expansion, while silicon plants tend to increase their capacity and storage space to respond to rapidly changing market conditions, taking into account such factors as city occupancy and supply stability.
The shortage of silicon materials has led to price hikes (US$/kg). Second, the competitive expansion and scale-up of “land grabs and tilling” is the most important development strategy of the current silicon mill.
In this context, economies of scale can be achieved only through rapid scale production, which is the only option for silicon enterprises to survive and develop: on the one hand, scale effects drive down unit costs and product prices to fall, giving downstream more profit margins.
By the end of the year, the global production of silicons was about 415gw, of which 407gw (98%) came from mainland China. How could it be maintained?
The main way to deal with this is necessarily to expand production capacity overseas, taking advantage of the cost advantages of silicon, and continue to export it to the world. In recent years, non-friendly countries and regions have experienced high demand for light, but complex trade frictions have made it increasingly difficult for our industry to enter these markets, and the strategies of high-priced silicon and overseas construction plants are the keys to opening up the markets in these countries and regions.
In recent years, our silicon producers have adopted a strategy to invest in the South-East Asian region. In the first half of this year, the US Department of Commerce conducted counter-surveillance surveys of South-East Asian component capacity, with no restrictions on companies using Chinese-exported silicon tablets to assemble batteries in South-East Asia.
The logic of China’s silicon production capacity is not merely a reflection of global supply and demand, but rather an inevitable choice for the long-term development of national industries. Thirdly, large-scale silicon production capacity still faces an inadequate supply of overall crystal capacity.
For the manufacturer, on the one hand, the expansion of the silicon area leads to an increase in the production capacity of the cell line, which can be further spread over manual, depreciation and time costs. If m12 batteries are saved at a cost of $0.08/w, the cost is 25.6 per cent lower. On the other hand, large silicon sizedness reduces the spacing of the cell in the assembly and increases the battery in the assembly area, leading to an increase in the efficiency of the component based on infolink.
By 2025, the market for large-scale silicons is expected to rise from 42% in 2021 to 98%, and the demand for large-scale silicons will continue to rise, a definite trend in the photovoltaic industry. Companies now provide large-sized long-crystal furnaces, dominated by 210, 182 specifications, and downstream customers from the 210th camp.
Based on the above, silicon producers will continue to invest continuously in industrial scale-building for a considerable period of time in the future, and more questions are being considered about how to help customers expand production to economies of scale as soon as possible for upstream photovoltaic crystals plants.
According to the International Energy Agency (IEA) report, the global net zero emissions road map for the energy sector is estimated to be 10.9 billion yuan by 2030. With zero carbon emissions by 2050, the global gross photovoltaic installed capacity is expected to reach 4956gw by 2030.
The average annual load from 2022 to 2030 is 446gw. The assumptions are as follows:
2) Silicon to component end wear and tear of 5%; 3) crystal growth and processing equipment has a theoretical life of 8-10 years, assuming an annual replacement rate of 10% for old equipment; 5) 1gw silicon is assumed to require 75 or about 210 long crystal furnaces.
Based on measurements, the long-crystal market space is estimated at $10.97 billion by 2030. In 2021, the company sold 2,556 long-crystal equipment (including a small number of semiconductor long-crystal equipment), accounting for about 60 per cent of the global market.
Rapid technological overlaps and complementary services are important reasons for companies to grow into industry. The corporate business model is not only oriented towards long-term suppliers of crystallized equipment, but is more central to the commercial value of helping clients to fast-track their technological support, research and development, build up over many years of research and development, build on the company's monocrystal equipment, and make the equipment crystallized at speeds.
The company is about to launch its fifth generation of open platform-based monocrystals in 2023, with more than 300 national patents to protect technology applications, which will create a stronger technology-protecting river. Deep-deep farming of technology, complete slicing equipment packages, and point-to-point customer service mechanisms will drive clients ' productivity uphill and address their rigid needs.
In terms of support services, based on client projects, the company has set up service centres in Le Shan, Beacon, Kuying, Sinning, etc., with a “two-hour response, 24-hour door service” response strategy at the service base around the large customer factory, and has set up professional teams to maintain and clean the equipment for guest households, guarantee its stability and improve equipment production capacity. Advanced technology and improved security services bring the company closer together.
Deep technology deposition and service retention have made companies more profitable than their counterparts. According to company announcements, in recent years, the company’s single mill has remained largely stable at around 40%, above industry averages.
The supply system developed by the company from long crystals to accessories and consumables is also improving in order to focus closely on the needs of large customers. The company has built a more complete optical equipment line that covers all automatic monocrystals, grinding composite processors, transistors/openers, slicers, stacked automatic production lines, smarts, streaming workshops, etc., and forms a core set of equipment that is integrated from crystal-growing equipment, crystal-material processing, battery-assembly assemblies, etc.
A well-developed supply chain is expected to reduce friction costs for downstream customers, shorten the life cycle of silicon millers from construction to production, and increase the company’s accompaniment value, further entrenching the company’s luminous equipment tap.
The company’s supply capacity and services on solar photovoltaics also help clients to rapidly develop their capacity to produce and compete. For example, in 2021, q4, with a nominal capacity of 5gw, in the country’s 11th, and a zerogw. With the support of company equipment and services, by 2022, q4, with a dual capacity of 20gw, in the country’s 7th, and a high profile of 50gw, in the country’s 6th.
The rapid growth also provides positive feedback on the company’s future sales of equipment and consumables. 3. Semiconductor equipment: large silicone long-crystal operations into fast lanes, carbonated silicon excavators are expected to be placed in semiconductor equipment, and the company worked in depth with large customers, including the tcl middle ring, in the semiconductor’s large silicone crystals.
In addition to large-scale silicone crystallized equipment, companies continue to develop semiconductor silicon, carbonated silicone, and chemical gas deposition cvd, and are expected to emerge from the replacement of semiconductor equipment in the future.
And, with the introduction of a new equipment-area growth curve following the fluorescent, the replacement trend of large silicons for national production has led to the beginning of national production of upstream crystal equipment, which has released the acceleration of upstream crystal production as the development of new energy vehicles, 5g communications, data centres and other downstream applications has brought rapid demand.
But with the large silicone mills, dominated by solar and German producers, expected to be released by 2024-2025, the large silicone tablets have experienced a large mismatch between supply and demand, and prices have risen considerably. In an environment of constant pressure to increase the cost of large silicons and persistently unsatisfied supply abroad, domestic crystal mills have gradually begun to import the national production of large silicon tablets.
The production of 12-inch silicon, including the silicon conglomerates, the león, the central ring, the supersilicon semiconductor, the Central Hining Crystal Circle, the Xinxin Ribbon, and others, has been accelerated, and the products are gradually being imported from dummy/reclaim/monitor to the prime wafer. According to the core and stuff statistics, by the end of 2021, the production capacity of 12-inch silicons in the country had totalled more than 1.62 million pieces per month.
By the end of the year, it is expected that a significant amount of production will be released in 2023. In terms of the above-mentioned expansion plan, the major silicon producers plan to expand about 60% of their 8-inch capacity, and the 12-inch expansion plan to increase their capacity to 133%.
The expansion of all national producers, such as the second phase of the expansion project at the Xianan base, has begun, except for the absence of explicit output data disclosure, where the “extension” of national silicon mills is actually going to be stronger. At the same time, as the country’s silicon silicon silica is scalding and industrialization begins, the nationalization of upstream long-crystal equipment is also taking place rapidly.
First, the global large silicone industry has entered an expansion cycle of 2-3 years, challenging the capacity of upstream long-crystal equipment manufacturers as a whole and the ability to provide support services. Second, the size and industrialization of the large domestic silicone industry will inevitably result in a continuous increase in demand for equipment and R & D services, as well as a demand for cost, which will bring growth to domestic long-crystal and related equipment manufacturers with localization advantages.
In 2024, the global demand for 8 inches and 12 inches of silicon will reach 8.23 million in months and 9.99 million in months. According to the data, the range is polished in Brownfield mode, and about 35 lefts of the 8 inches half-conductor silicon in 200,000 months.
Right long-crystal furnaces, with equipment investments of about $700-800 million. Two hundred thousand 12 inches of semiconductor silicon per month requires 37 long-crystal investment stoves, with equipment investments of about $1.2-15 billion, while equipment investments in production line construction amount to about 70-80%.
With the new global silicon expansion cycle, major global producers of long-crystal equipment, such as s-tech, pvatepla, and ferrotec, are under pressure in their production and service systems. China’s home-grown preventive policies, component-transport management, and rising cost of safeguarding its security, as well as the upgrading of the technological capabilities of local companies, including crystallized, northern Chinese, and crystallized energy, have led to the supply of home-grown services by overseas manufacturers to large silicon plants.
At present, the company has entered into the supply chain system and has become a large-scale marketing capability among the country's leading silicon producers. The client structure, which is dominated by the center ring, has gradually begun to join companies such as the newcomers, the Kinryung, the crystals, and thegnostics, and so forth.
The cooperative relationship between the company and the Central Ring has a long history, and through long experience of upstream and downstream collaboration, the two parties have built solid business links.