The profit boom continued to pick up, the retail transition advanced solidly on 31 August 2022: on 30 August, the Beijing Bank issued a 22h1 report. The 22h1 battalion collected $33.94 billion, yoy+1.7 per cent;
As of 22h1, the return-on-year increase ring ratio -0.4 pct; The return-on-year net profit-on-year increase ratio +1.3 pct, partly due to a reduction in credit impairment loss accounts.
High levels, with agency and commissioning contributing core increases; other non-interest income falling by 11.8% on a year-on-year basis, mainly as a result of a loss in financial investment measured at fair value, and fluctuations in exchange gains and losses. Retail transformation has accelerated, and money management has been approved to help in the distribution of wealth.
Strong, retail collection as of 22h1 increased by 2.9 pct from the beginning of the year; retail credit structure remained optimal, with the balance of consumer loans and operating loans exceeding 40 per cent as of 22h1 and the average interest rate of individual loans was higher than +32bp at the beginning of the year;
Retail aum rose rapidly, compared to +7.7% at the beginning of the year, and in August 22, North Bank finances were approved, financial regulations are expected to grow rapidly, leading to sustained growth in aum, middle-income and low-cost liabilities.
Interest rate falls considerably. The interest-bearing liability cost - 10bp, in addition to the ease of liquidity in the first half of the year, which led to a significant reduction in the cost of bond financing, achieved a 6bp drop in the cost of bank deposits in Beijing, which is not easy in the context of a larger increase in term deposits and is a proof of the release of retail transformation gains.
This downward trend is expected to continue as a key force in stabilizing the net difference. 1. The Beijing Bank (601169.sh) incident review: High Commissioner's asset quality fluctuates, with coverage below. As of 22h1, the negative rate ring is at +20bp.
The rate of concern and delays has increased considerably since the beginning of the year.
Quarterly reports for two years explain: Retail transformation works, head-towner investment proposals: profit ups and debt costs improves performance growth is steady, with growth bright; retail transformation accelerates, contributing 50% to “profits”
The goal is to accelerate progress; finance management has been approved or is a key player in the distribution of wealth; the cost of indebtedness has improved significantly and is expected to continue, with strong protection for net interest differentials; and asset quality is phased in, but positive factors remain.
Figure 2: Net interest income, net fees and charges of the Bank of Beijing as at 22h1 as at rate of increase, Figure 3: Other non-interest income of the Bank of Beijing as at 22h1 as at rate of increase, Figure 7: Quality of assets of the Bank of Beijing as at 22h1
A summary of data projections for the corporate financial statements, a methodological and analytical logic that leads to conclusions, independent and objective presentation of the present report, and accountability for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research of the researchers, whose findings are not subject to any third party's approval or influence, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, any of the specific recommendations or views in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.