Retail transition results released, adverse disposal accelerated, Beijing Bank (601169.sh) Net profits increased steadily, impairments returned to anti-breeding profits of 2022h1 and corporate revenues of 33.943 billion
Zhang 1 is growing by 8.77%. The profit rate of the company as a whole has stabilized as a result of the fallback to the anti-breeding. 2022h1, the retail transformation effect is released, the loan structure is optimized, the debt cost is reduced by 2022h1, and the company's interest rate is reduced.
The net income was 25,582 million yuan, or 0.48 per cent more than at the beginning of the year; the net interest difference was 1.77 per cent, or 7bp less than at the end of the year; credit growth was robust, characterized and structured optimally. As of the end of June, the corporate loan balance was 1.78 trillion yuan, an increase of 6.2 per cent compared to the beginning of the year.
95.55. The ratio of consumer and business loans to retail loans was over 40%, up 5.87 percentage points from the same year, pushing the average interest rate up by 25 basis points. Debt-end deposits rose, driving costs were visible, wealth management continued to work, with $8.361 billion in non-interest income.
By the end of June, sales amounted to $95.2 billion, public fund-raising compared to private sales.
Annual adverse disposal plans, forward asset preservation points, enhanced oversight of high-risk operations, promotion of the resolution of high-value debt committee projects, strict accountability mechanisms for negative asset reversals, broadening the channels for the disposal of poor assets, and an increase of 79.77 per cent in the value of clean-up of written-off assets.
Investment suggests that the company deepens its cultivation of the Beijing region and insists on a digital transition that will lead to a five-fold transformation of the “development model, industry structure, customer structure, operating capacity, management approach” and the release of results.
Loans are mostly available, with a high potential for integrated financial services for children, increased income contributions; and debt end, increased access to core deposits and reduced costs. Financial subsidiaries have been approved, and companies have continued to build platforms for large-scale wealth management, improve the eco-system of trading banks, and expand the space for light capital collection.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.