Satellite petrochemicals (002648).
The cost of feedstock ethane in the total cost of the ethane fission project is not high, so the project is real that the company is the largest in the country, the world's top five ACs, and the current profits are not particularly sensitive to fluctuations in prices of ethane in the United States.
The price of the main product is influenced by the price volatility of crude oil. The price level is very high and determines the profitability of the ethane fission project. This report is mainly based on ethylene diol and polyethylene.
The industry chain, the ethane fission project, is under construction, the landscape of the product is moving towards an analysis of the profitability of the ethane fission ethylene project.
Under the impact of diol production, the start-up rate of the future domestic coal-based ethanol route is expected to be sustained for a long time; Debt payments and cross-equity presentations: Low. As demand for downstream polyesters slows down, some of the domestic high-cost devices will be phased out of the market.
The cost of oil-based ethanol remains the main reference for the market price of ethanol. The current low price of oil is difficult to sustain.
Since the end of 18, polyethylene prices have gradually moved down the lower route as crude oil prices fell between 52 weeks of the stock price range. In the medium and long term, the warming of crude oil prices is a certainty event, polyethylene.
Prices will also pick up gradually as downstream demand recovers. But given the expansion of domestic production in the ethylene sector, the polyethylene sector will face high costs and market competition in the short term.
The price center is expected to be about 9800/9,000/tonne in yuan/tonne, and the average monthly price of raw materials and products since 2014 is used as a reference to the average annual net profit of the company ' s ethane fission project.
A net profit of $2.8 billion a year can be realized. At $180 per ton for mbethane, the crude oil price is $60 per year for full-load production, a net profit of $2.18 billion a year can be realized.
The source of the east's wealth and wisdom, the satellite petrochemicals (002648), the profit prospects of the ethane fission project in terms of its product landscape, the source of the east's financial and intellectual flourishing.
The profitability of the ethane fission project depends to a large extent on the price of the product. The profitability of the ethane fission project depends on the cost of ethane and the price of the product. The cost of raw materials is only about 50% of the total cost of the ethane fission project, which is significantly lower than that of the pyrocephalus route.
So project profits are not particularly sensitive to fluctuations in prices in ethane in the United States. Our previous report, Lightening Feeds of HCs ter: Dynamicly Looking at the Cost of ethane Fractures After Oil Prices Drops, provides a reasonable forecast of future prices in ethane in the United States, judging that the price range for ethane will be US$140-300/tonne in the future. At the income end, prices for major products such as polyethylene and ethylene are affected by fluctuations in crude oil prices and face other processes.
The price levels of products such as polyethylene and ethylene diol determine to a large extent the ability of the ethane fission project to achieve ethylene fission. The main products of the company's 1.25 million tonnes/year ethylene fission project are 400,000 tonnes hdpe (high-density polyethylene), 500,000 tonnes ldpe (linear low-density polyethylene) and 791.1 million tonnes of ethanol.
Analysis of the future of the market for polyethylene and ethylene would greatly assist us in understanding the economics of the ethane fission ethylene project.
The demand for ethanol is growing rapidly. ethanol is used mainly for polyesters, anti-freezes, surfactants, chemical intermediates, etc., of which polyesters are the most used, accounting for more than 90%. Since China joined wto, the world textile industry has shifted to China, and our polyester fibre industry has seen an outbreak of growth. We have grown to become the world’s largest producer of polyester and the world’s largest consumer of ethanol.
The cost rose from 5 million tonnes/year in 2005 to 16.9 million tonnes/year in 2019. In 2016, with another expansion of polyester fibres, our ethanol import dependency was close to 60% of the country ' s oil-based ethanol route until 2010, while the country ' s crude oil resources were scarce, ethanol had to be imported from year to year, with external dependence exceeding 80% in 2009.
Our energy structure is rich in coal resources, and we have begun to promote the coal (synthetic gas) ethanol route. But, as a result of the inadequate supply of ethylene and the instability of the coal ethanol process, ethanol production is not very high and is maintained at about 70 per cent over the long term. As of 2019, our import capacity was still close to 60 per cent.
Figure 3: Structure of the ethanol industrial chain
The rapid growth in coal-based ethanol production has made it difficult to make a difference to the country ' s ethanol industry. Between 2010 and 2020, ethanol production rose from 3.42 million tons to 13.88 million tons, and production rose from 2.2 million tons to 6.97 million tons, of which coal-based ethanol contributed more than 50 per cent. By May 2020, our coal-based ethanol route (including coal-based synthetic gas, methanol, etc.) had a total capacity of almost 5.23 million tons per year, accounting for 37.68 per cent of the total ethanol production capacity.
According to the previous plan, the expected coal ethanol production in the country in 2020 was more than 3.95 million tonnes/year. However, the ethanol climate is now falling dramatically, and there is considerable uncertainty about the pace of production of the coal ethanol project.
Satellite petrochemicals (002648). The ethane fission project’s profit prospects in terms of product climates 2.2 is concentrated, the industry’s climate is falling sharply, and the global ethanol industry has been experiencing a new wave of growth in capacity over the past 18 years. There have been a number of large ethanol projects in North America, the Middle East, and South Asia in recent years.
These devices, which use cheap ethane as a raw material or as a complement to the refining integration project, are more internationally competitive. From 2019 to the present, our country has been producing two major private refining projects, the Helium petrochemicals and the Zhejiang petrochemicals. ethanol, as a downstream package of its refining integration projects, has grown to 1.8 million tonnes/year and 750,000 tonnes/year, respectively. These two projects have resulted in a 22.5% increase in the production capacity of ethanol in 19 years alone.
As a result of the slowdown in demand, the ethanol sector has experienced a marked decline in the atmosphere. As the textile sector warms, the ethylene downstream polyester industry has moved from the second half of 2016.
By the end of 2018, the annual production of polyesters had increased to nearly 60 million tons, yielding nearly 50 million tons, and consumption of ethanol equivalent to about 18 million tons. The textile industry has been declining since 2019, with the growth of polyester production capacity and the growth of Eastern financial intelligence.
As a result, the growth rate of polyester production was only 5.2% in 2019, a sharp decline compared with 11% in 2018. More polyester production was projected for 2020, returning more than 5 million tons, but more likely to be delayed by the new crown epidemic. The increase in future demand for ethanol is unlikely to keep pace with the growth in production capacity.
Combined with low oil prices, the cost of the ethylene stellar process does not support it adequately, and the price of ethanol has fallen all the way down. This year, the ethylene project, which is planned to be produced globally in the year, will produce 15 million tons of annual capacity, and the market will be ready to shuffle the industry.
2.3 The cost of the coal route is high and the industry is going to wash up, and it turns out that coal ethanol has not been a life-saving medicine for the ethanol industry in our country. The coal ethanol project is distributed mostly in the northwest, where coal resources are abundant, while the main demand for ethanol is concentrated in the eastern part of the country.
In addition, in terms of product quality, the instability of catalysts in the coal-based ethanol process has led to an unstable quality per batch of products that cannot be supplied on a continuous basis. In the past, it was used mostly in polyester bottle production, or mixed with polyester fibre production.
No longer exists. Figure 9: Comparison of costs of ethanol from different process routes. Figure 10: Rate of ethanol from different process routes (%)
As can be seen from the cost of ethanol on different process routes, coal-based ethanol remains a product of high oil prices, with historical costs ranging from $4200 to $5,000 per ton. The ethane fission route, which benefits from the relatively high price differential of ethane-ethylene fission, is almost always on the leftmost side of the cost curve and is more expensive.
Faced with the current loss, coal (synthetic gas) ethanol companies had to reduce their production loads, and the current combined coal ethanol route was less than 40% start. The ethanol industry would be shuffling, with future prices expected to be 5,000 yuan/tonne.
The start of the coal-based ethanol route is expected to remain low for long periods of time. The ethanol industry in our country has experienced an awkward situation of dependence on imports, which is not very cost-effective because of domestic production. As the demand for downstream polyesters slows down, and several private polyester-based ethanol-smelting units are matched by production capacity, the ethanol boom is officially over, and some of the high-cost domestic installations will be phased out.
The cost of diol as the main process route is still the main reference for the market price of ethanol. The current low price of oil is difficult to sustain, the price of the original price will gradually rise, and the price of ethanol will rise to over 5000 yuan per tonne. When the price is too low, the production of ethanol in coal will be reduced, and the cost of ethanol in coal as a marginal production capacity will support the price of ethanol.
3. Polyethylene: The expansion of capacity in the ethylene sector leads to a downward shift in the price focus of 3.1 polyethylene demand.
Polyethylene (pe) has excellent processing and use performance and is the most widely used species in synthetic resins. Polyethylene can be divided into low-density polyethylene (ldpe), linear low-density polyethylene (lldpe), high-density polyethylene (hdpe) and medium-density polyethylene (mdpe). By application scenario, the two most important consumption areas are thin film and tubes, which account for the total consumption of polyethylene, respectively.
In addition, polyethylene can be made into medium-empty containers, such as bottles, cans, industrial tanks, etc., by blowing up, or by injecting to make daily groceries, drums, baskets, baskets, baskets, etc.
The demand for polyethylene is growing steadily. Most of the demand for polyethylene is in the final consumption and transport packaging chain, and the growth in demand is linked to the overall economic situation.
Imports of polyethylene are increasing. According to customs, imports of polyethylene (pe) in 2019 amounted to 1,666.43 million tons, compared to 2018.
The growth was about 18.82 per cent, and import dependency continued to rise to 49 per cent. Of this, imports of low-density polyethylene (ldpe) accounted for approximately 20.89 per cent of total imports, imports of high-density polyethylene (hdpe) accounted for 47.97 per cent of total imports, and imports of low-density polyethylene (lldpe) accounted for 31.14 per cent of total imports.
3.2 Hdpe and lldpe have the best growth prospects for demand growth, with strong, resilient, rigid and good performance characteristics, corrosive, water-proof, heat-resistant and cold, and therefore important applications in blowing, emulation, and tubes. With trends in the plastic steel, plastic wood, etc., hdpe is a high-performance polyethylene material.
In recent years, the market demand for ldpe has been growing rapidly, slowly swallowing some of the market shares of ldpe, and the demand for the ethylene ethylene dilated downstream polyethylene products Hdpe and lldpe has been growing better as the country’s urbanization has accelerated.
The construction of municipal pipelines is increasing. Municipal supply, drainage, gas pipelines, and municipal plastic pipes such as municipal underground electricity and communications pipelines will continue to be the focus of development in recent years, leading to a rapid increase in the demand of hdpe. hdpe’s share of demand in the country’s polyethylene market is around 47%, with production reaching 7.45 million tons in 2019, and is expected to be the main polyethylene type in the future.
In developing countries like ours, the use of ldpe is gradually becoming permeable. In recent years, our production of ldpe has been declining, while its production has been rising.
The rise in the importance of the body and the development of polyethylene demand are expected to grow globally at a compound annual rate of 4.1% and 5.0%. Hdpe and lldpe have larger domestic import substitution space and high-end product market demand. The company ' s ethane fission project also selected Hdpe and lldpe as the main downstream, with capacity of 400,000 tonnes/year and 500,000 tonnes/year, respectively.
Figure 15: Three types of polyethylene production in the country (in tons)
By 2018, we had 25.5 million tons of ethylene production, dominated by steam fission processes, concentrated in medium-oil and petrochemical hands. Thanks to strong national support and high-ethylene prices, the last decade has also seen the formation of a coal/methanol-based ethylene industry with national characteristics that match our energy structure. By 2018, we had 23 coal/methanol-based ethylene devices.
Since 2019, ethylene production has reached a new wave of expansion as a result of a number of private refining projects in the country, which have been under way. Steroidization, Zhejiang, Quantico, Gure, etc. have been accompanied by millions of tons of ethylene devices, fumes, Xinpo chemistry, satellite petrochemical alkaline cracks.
Decomposition is expected to follow the same path. In 19-20, 11,46 million tons of ethylene production are expected to be added. But new ethylene production can be absorbed gradually by the market, as compared to the demand for ethylene imports in excess of 20 million tons per year and the growth in consumption in excess of 3 million tons per year.
The price of coal in the mid-western part of the country is low, and even in 2016, when international oil prices plunged, the chemical industry maintained a high profit rate. The main reason is that oil prices are low, but the ethylene industry is in the winding-up cycle, downstream production of acrylic hydrocarbons.
And this year, with the impact of the new crown epidemic, the price of oil fell in tandem with demand, causing the price of ethylene on the international market to drop to a minimum of $331 per tonne. Even at the lowest raw coal cost of $180/t, domestic coal ethylene is in deficit. In the past, coal-based hydrocarbons were economically profitable above the US$55/barrel oil price level.
The ability of coal-based hydrocarbons to withstand large-scale low-cost production shocks along the coast and overseas will be a question for policymakers in many coal-chemical industries to think about. There will be less or less investment in future coal-chemical projects, and more uncertainty about planning and building projects.
Export facilities, etc.; trading systems are still well developed, and industrial chains are weak. Other projects in the short term are difficult to produce, and will not affect the domestic ethylene industry.
Since the end of the 18th century, polyethylene prices have gradually moved down as crude oil prices have fallen. In Eastern financial booms, the dollar/tonne is newly low, nearly $500/tonne less than at the lowest point during the 2008 financial crisis.
In the event, polyethylene prices will rise as downstream demand recovers. But given the expansion of domestic production in the ethylene sector, the polyethylene sector will face intense cost and market competition in the short term, especially the cost of subsequent private refining and the ability of the alkaline fission.
Economic analysis shows strong profitability of ethane fission. Project 4.1 The main products of Project 4.1 were polyethylene and ethylene diol.
The Cooperative Framework Paper for the Model Industrial Park Project, which plans to invest a total of $33 billion in the construction of ethylene ethylene ethane fission and an accompanying downstream device, will be completed in two phases, with a total investment of approximately $17 billion in the 1.25 million per year ethylene ethylene fission and downstream ethylene ethylene ethylene fission and downstream packages, which are currently well advanced and are expected to be produced by the end of 2020. The main raw material for the first phase of the project is 1.6373 million tons per year of ethylene imports into the United States and 1.25 million tons per year of ethylene production capacity.
With 400,000 tonnes of Hdpe, 500,000 tonnes of Ldpe, 100,000 tonnes of ethylene oxide, 790,000 tonnes of ethanol and 86,000 tonnes of hydrogen. 4.2 The key assumptions for profit projection are that the project will be built for two years, with a production period of 15 years. 90% of the production load in the first year of the project and 100% of the production load in the second year and beyond.
2. Given that the price of crude oil will gradually rise to a high-middle oil price range in the future, we have selected the price of raw materials at a price level of $50-60 per tonne of crude oil for a fixed asset of approximately $16.4 billion for phase 3. Depreciation of fixed assets is based on an average age range of 3 per cent residual value and 15 years depreciation. 4.mbethane prices are estimated on a long-term basis at $180 per ton, while the price of ethane feeders is the United States price plus intermediate logistics costs plus tariff escalation.
Value tax + domestic logistics cost, 1 per cent tariff and ethane value added tax, 11 per cent.Long-term loan interest rate is 4.9 per cent, and loan for project construction is repaid on the basis of “pay-as-you-go” interest within eight years of the post-partum period;
6. The price of single-ton ethylene products averaged 1.8 million tons of product income according to the ratio of high-density polyethylene: linear low-density polyethylene: ethylene ethylene ethylene:4:5:08. 4.3 The annual net profit of the recalcitrant project can reach 2.8 billion yuan.
Using the average monthly prices of raw materials and products since 2014, we have retraced the average annual net profit of the company ' s ethane fission project phase. In 2014, international crude oil prices have gone through a period of sharp rise and decline, as have polyethylene and ethylene products from 15 to 18 years of industrial upswings and 18 years of downswings, where profit recovery measurements are highly representative.
The ethane fission project fully benefits from the low cost of ethane raw materials, with high profitability and effective resilience to risk when the climate is high. The annual net profit at the peak is over $4.2 billion. The price of crude oil was over $100 per barrel in 2014 and the prices of polyethylene and ethylene products were also high.
The east’s financial and intellectual boom has generated excess gains from the same industry at the bottom of the landscape. With the fall of polyethylene and ethylene prices since the end of 2018, and the rise of ethane prices in the United States in 2019, the project’s profitability has declined. But even at the bottom of the landscape in 2019, the project will be year-round.
The profit is highly correlated with the price of the product. Because of the relatively small cost structure of the feedstock ethane, the total profit of the project is less influenced by price fluctuations in the feedstocks, and more by the climate of the polyethylene and ethylene industries.
Prices for polyethylene and ethylene products will also bounce back to the bottom. If the price is calculated at $US 180/tonne for mbethane, $US 60/tonne for crude oil, hdpe/lldpe/tonne for hdpe/meg, respectively, the net profit from full-load production would be $2.18 billion.
Figure 22: Net profit from projects retroactive to changes in product prices Corporate profitability projections and investment ratings: As the new global crown epidemic is brought under control, end demand will rebound. Brent crude oil prices have now rebounded to over $40/ton, and will gradually rise to $50-60/ton in the future. Cost-side increases will support polyethylene.
The prices of the ethylene and ethylene products are warming, the company ethane fission ethylene projects are expected to be in the industry’s booming cycle next year and are expected to achieve a significant annual pe value of 12, 6 and 4 times, respectively. Given the long-term cost advantages of the company’s ethane fission project, the company’s “very recommended” rating is maintained. The crude oil prices are highly volatile, the project’s pace is not as high as expected, and the trade relations between China and the United States are deteriorating.
The source of the east's wealth and wisdom, the source of the east's wealth and wisdom, the satellite petrochemicals (002648), the profit prospects of the ethane fission project in terms of its product climate.
The source of financial and intellectual growth in the East, Mr. Rhodes, cfa, has three years of experience in the chemical industry.
In 2017, crystal ball was ranked second in the list, first in the list, top in the list, top in the list, top in the list in 2018, top in 2019 in the analysis of the new velocities of gold and thugs, and second in the top three As in the Eastern wealth industry.
Xu Kunlen Benko and M.A. were both in the Department of Chemical Engineering at the University of Qinghua, formerly in the China Petroleum Chemical Research Institute, three years after Qinghua University's master's degree in chemical technology development and management, published three papers in journals such as Chemicalscience, ccschemistry, and members of the China Chemical Council.
Shen Yifan, LL.B., Cornell University of New York, worked in China to build the China East Power Design Institute, five years of experience in infrastructure development, and participated in the design of various types of power stations, including fire power, nuclear power, hydropower, combustion engines, photovoltaics, wind power, garbage power generation, which was confirmed in July 2018.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
East Hing Securities Depth Report Satellite petrochemicals (002648). The profit prospects of the ethane fission project in terms of product landscapes do not guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points of view and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.