Corporate review study — Real estate industry, July 2019. Clearing resources, steady release of performance.
The company issued its first quarterly report for 2019. During the reporting period, the company achieved operating income of 48,375 million yuan, an increase of 56.93 per cent over the same period; the company realized a net profit of 1,121 million on shareholders in listed companies.
2. Our analysis and judgement (i) that income has increased faster and profitability has steadily increased The company achieved operating income of 48,375 million yuan in the first quarter of 2019, an increase of 56.93 per cent over the same period;
The net return to the mother is 1,121 million yuan, an increase of 25.23 per cent over the previous year; the real estate business is being settled at less than the rate of increase in revenue, mainly because of the higher number of cooperative projects during the reporting period, and the same increase of 135.9 per cent in the earnings of the company’s minority shareholders to 2.09 billion.
(ii) Decline in sales, accelerated completion, and high level of settlement resources 9.248,000 square metres of contract sales and contract sales for real estate during the reporting period
The decline in sales was due mainly to a 28.1 per cent drop in sales in January 19 as a result of the start-up of new construction and a weaker push, which increased significantly in February-March with the return of the market and the acceleration of the push drive. The pace of completion was high, and construction was completed during the reporting period.
(iii) Financial soundness, soundness and cost advantages of financing 2.04 times the ratio of borrowing + interest-bearing liabilities due within one year, 19 more development projects with a total planned area of 5.985,000 square metres, equity planning construction)
The cost advantages of corporate finance are highlighted by the fact that in February 19 the company publicly issued $2 billion in corporate bonds for housing rental, with a nominal interest rate of 3.65 per cent.
Vankoa’s income grew faster and its profitability increased steadily. While sales declined in the first quarter, the company’s layout was concentrated mainly in second-line cities, and sales were expected to grow steadily throughout the year as the second-line real estate market warmed. Companies had a wealth of liquidity to provide effective security for future performance.
Real estate regulation is over-expected, housing prices are at significant risk of falling, and so on. Figure 1: 10,000 cola operating income and the same rate of increase.
Figure 3: Ratio of assets and liabilities and total asset turnover at Vankoa