Shen Jia's sales grew faster in May, the pace slowed down and the “buy-in” rating was maintained. The company achieved 3.66 million square metres of sales in May for $5.79 billion, yoy for each of them.
The existence of a second-line real-estate market is expected to continue to grow robustly, with the expected further strengthening of the housing stock. Companies can now carry on with sufficient resources, with a large number of reserve projects located in the first and second-line cities and high risk-resistant. Corporate financing costs are significantly better than those of peers, currently.
Double: h shares equal to 7.0 times and 5.9 times and pb1.7 times. Maintenance of investment advice on the purchase of aah shares. Company sales grew faster in May than industry averages: company top 100 real estate firms returned to sales +5.7 per cent in May, and the company performed better than it did in May.
In January-May, the company accumulated 16.608 million square metres of sales, increasing it by 0.27 percentage points. In the context of the current surge in sales in hot and non-hot cities, the company is expected to sustain a steady increase in sales based on solid layouts in the first and second-line cities.
The pace of production of companies slowed down and continued the one- or two-line urban layout strategy: the company developed 12 new projects in May, mainly in the long triangle and strong second-line cities, continuing the corporate layout strategy.
The cumulative increase of 11.51 million square metres in construction and 798.5 in equity construction in the period January-May was retrenchment of the financing environment, and the advantages of large-scale housing enterprises were highlighted by the relative improvement of the financing environment in the first quarter, which resulted in some developers experiencing high premiums for land, as well as the heating of some urban land markets.
In May, the Silver Insurance Supervisory Board reiterated that it was not allowed to participate in front-end financing of real estate, nor did it have to flow into the real-estate market through shadow banking irregularities, with increased regulatory intensity. In this trend, the financial advantage of large-scale housing enterprises is highlighted, land resources will be more concentrated in head-hold firms, and companies are expected to move in.
A step-by-step strengthening of industry leadership. Profit predictions and investment proposals: where “household-in-house” is expected to intensify further, sales across the line city will be divided, and the existence of a second-line urban real estate market will need to be sustained.
Companies can now carry on with sufficient resources, and their performance increases over the next 2-3 years are more certain; most of the reserve projects are located in second-line cities and are more risk-resistant. As industry leaders, the public sector has significantly higher financing costs than its peers, in the current tight financing environment.
The company’s net profits are expected to reach 7.0 and 5.9 times the corresponding shares in 2019 and 2020, respectively, pb1.7 times.
The report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investments made by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Credit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. are not made by ... individual clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed for any purpose in whole or part of the report.