Business data for March 2019: contract sales realized by the company in March 2019
57.37 billion yuan, an increase of 13 per cent in the same year; 3.64 million square metres of sales, a decrease of 1 per cent in the same year; 9,248,000 square metres, a decrease of 12 per cent in the same year; and a steady increase in the volume of sales in March.
For 57.37 billion yuan, an increase of 13 per cent over the same period; for 3.64 million square metres, a decrease of 1 per cent over the same year; a decrease of 12 per cent. According to the list of sales of housing companies published by the CRIC, the company's second-largest industry has increased its investment and continues to grow deep in two-line cities.
Projects, 11 of which are residential development property projects and 2 logistics property projects. Companies alone add 28,922,000 square metres of land to the construction area, an increase of 44 per cent over the same period; total land acquisition costs, $14.9 billion, an increase of 16 per cent over the same period (excluding logistics projects), with an average equity ratio of land acquisition.
Cost is kept low; according to the distribution of line cities, companies control the pace of land on line one, two, and three to ensure that land reserves continue to grow.  Investment proposal: Huanko, as a leader in the industry, insists on “the three main urban circles + key cities in the mid-west.”
The city layout, the scale of sales, has continued to expand and the intensity of sales has continued to rise. At the same time, in diversified business 1, Vankoa (000002): Vanko has done first in logistics, property management, long-term rental apartments, commercial property, etc.
Winner, steady base plate, performance certainty 2, Vankoa (00002): good-looking sales, investment in deep-drawn lines
Policies, etc.); changes in the financing environment (mortgage, development loans, interest rate adjustments, etc.); business operations risks (staff changes, construction, land acquisition, etc.): exchange rate fluctuations risk: re-monetization of sheds is below expectations. 3, Vankoa (100002): investment stability
Le Wu Xinjun, Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board