Three-quarterly review of 2025: performance over-expected, profit sustained 29 October 2025 Rehabilitated, looking at the one-led growth in demand for electricity throughout the society
The first three quarters of 2025 benefited from a reduction in the cost of coal combustion, with total profits from coal-plate combustion + 102%, and the supermarket – two months in a row in July and August 2025, with a record high of 100 million kilowatts in electricity consumption.
In the first three quarters of 2025, the country ' s entire population spent 7.7 trillion kilowatt-hours (KWh) of electricity, an increase of 4.6 per cent in the same year, and in July and August, the entire population made a consecutive breakthrough of 100 million kilowatt-hours, a record high. By the end of September, the total full-calibre capacity of the electric power plant had increased by 17.5 per cent; of that, non-chemicals.
Energy generators account for 60.8% of the total installed capacity, and the power sector has been transformed into a green low-carbon economy with significant effects. Coal power, while the installed capacity is still growing, is reduced by 2.4% on a full-calibre basis, with a positive and secure shift to a system-modified power source.
Electricity grew by 27.9 per cent on a year-on-year basis, accounting for 22.3 per cent of total electricity generation, an increase of 4.1 percentage points over the same period in the previous year. In the previous three quarters, electricity from fire, hydropower and electricity had declined on a year-on-year basis, wind and solar power had contributed almost all of the increase in electricity generation, fully reflecting the replacement of wind versus conventional forms of power generation, such as electricity.
Assessment: Supermarket expectations, attention to the cost of fire capital: average online settlement price of 478.71 yuan/megawatt hours for the company's running power plants in China, concern for cash flow, roe, and the possibility of a red rate improvement during the downside of capital expenditure in the fire power sector: fire
The power industry has entered the “restriction control” cycle, capital expenditure has gone down, and a long-dimensional increase in the red rate has been determined.
High sex, low coal prices, industry asset quality, cash flow, roe are all expected to be significant, source and wind panels drag on, o2 performance drops.
The “buy-in” rating is maintained. The three major financial forecasting tables of HAI, Dong Oo Securities Co. Ltd., are qualified for portfolio investment advisory operations with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.