Non-financial company rating report Energy International (600011.sh) - Three-quarter over-expected performance focus on the Hong Kong dividends rate
Investment rating: Purchase (maintenance) Realization of net profit attributable to parent shareholders at $14,841 million, an increase of 42.52 per cent over the same period; realization of net profit attributable to parent shareholders at $5,579 million in the single quarter, an increase of 88.54 per cent over the same period, and three quarters outperformed market expectations.
Liu Xiaoning's fall in coal prices released elasticity of performance, with a significant increase in performance in the first three quarters of the year. According to the announcement, the fall in corporate revenue was mainly due to the impact of the decline in electricity consumption and average Internet access prices, and the increase in profits was mainly due to a drop in fuel costs on a year-on-year basis.
The three-quarter profits from coal combustion, combustion engines, wind power and photovoltaics are 59.58, 131, 7.2, 1,484 million dollars, Dunspin.
Contributions, combined with industry, are expected to benefit mainly from a decline in coal prices, and the increase in photovoltaic profits is expected to benefit mainly from a growth in installed machines. Billion dollars. According to the company ' s three-quarters announcement, a cumulative 10,295 megawatts were installed in the first three quarters of the year, with fire.
The balance sheet was continuously optimized by 3463, 2205 and 4627 megawatts, respectively, of electricity, wind power, and light volts. By the end of September, the company had a holding unit that had achieved a coal electricity profit of about 6 minutes/kWh. Based on the company ' s disclosure of electricity grids and pre-tax profit data, it was measured that the company had a coal electricity tax for the single quarter of 2025, the single quarter, the second quarter, the single quarter, and the third quarter.
In terms of other financial data, the company spent $4,975 million on services in the first three quarters, down by about $1 billion from the same period last year, with an asset-liability rate of 63.78 per cent at the end of the third quarter, and $2.4 billion less than the account, which is expected to be mainly due to three quarters of renewable energy subsidies.
My personal views on the subject matter securities and issuers are not present, do not relate to, and will not be directly or indirectly linked to, specific investment opinions or opinions in this report, in a diligent and professional manner, using information on legal compliance, and in an independent and objective manner.