In 2025h1, the company achieved $86,291 million in operating income.
Māori recovery has been remarkable, and the increase in guestship has slowed down the fall in profits. 1) End of income: recovery of domestic and foreign demand; growth driven by increased efficiency in the Sudan.
For the third year in a row, there has been growth, with passenger traffic equal to +6.00 per cent as a result of a rebound in business and tourism flows, the optimization of the super-routing route and flight encryption raising the passenger rate to 85.47 per cent (the highest of the three largest), and passenger transport revenue of $74.57 billion, representing 89.15 per cent of the group ' s main business income, per guest.
Costs have increased further as a result of a small increase in business volume but a drop in unit costs. The net profit loss attributable to the mother increased further. In 2025 h1, company operating costs amounted to $78,688 million, or +0.17 per cent, of which fuel costs amounted to $25,334 million, or 9.15 per cent, and continued low oil prices were one of the main reasons for the Māori improvement; and unit ask costs in the first half of the year.
On the demand side, there has been a steady increase in passenger traffic, i.e. 72.36 million domestic, international, and regional passenger traffic in 2025.
(ii) Supply ends: optimized transport efficiency and scaled network advantages deepened the layout. At the end of the reporting period, the group operated 943 aircraft, South China, and, in the context of fleet restructuring, rationalized the distribution of broad (hot-door lifts) and narrow-body passenger aircraft (backwires).
The Air Transport Association of China Air Transport Association Air Passengers, August
The development and implementation of the Convention, which will effectively contain market disruptions and regulatory practices in the short term, will help companies to recover their profits and will, in the long term, drive the upgrading of the industry through rule-based innovation. I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with due diligence, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
This report is made available to its customers by China’s Galaxy Securities Co. Ltd. (hereinafter “Galactic Securities”). Galaxy securities are not considered a customer by the recipient as a result of the receipt of the report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.