South Air (600029.sh) reported mid-2025: high passenger rate, good spot recovery elasticity: South Air semi-annual 2025 report. In the first half of 2025, the company realized business income
Losses. According to the business classification, 25h1 companies achieved $7.31.9 billion in passenger/cargo revenue, with a major increase in capacity to international lines and an increase from a high occupancy rate. 2) turnover: 25h1 rpk compared to +8.5 per cent, with the same ratio for the domestic/international linerpk
4) The size of the fleet: at the end of 25h1, the company ' s fleet reached 943 aircraft (including 20 cargo aircraft), with a net increase of 26 aircraft in the first half of the year.
1) Ticket price: RMB0-0.46, corresponding to 6.1 per cent, for the 25h1 South Air Unit; RMB-6.0 per cent/- 8.5 per cent/11.7 per cent, respectively, for China/international/regional units; RMB-0.0 per cent/- 1.7 per cent per unit seat kilometre gain South Air (600029.sh) 2024:
2) Cost: In the first half of the year, SAC ask cost was 0.426, i.e. - 5.0 per cent; of which unit fare cost increased passenger operations, freight operation actual fuel cost was 0.137, i.e. - 13.9 per cent, which was broadly consistent with the decrease in oil prices; unit non-oil component
The South Air (600029.sh) tri-quarters of 2024 looks at the elasticity of performance resulting from the company’s recovery.
In the same period in 2019, the price of the tickets dropped significantly, while the cost of the unit fuel and non-oil costs were double-drawn, and the ability to operate was high. The recent industry “backwards” was gradually moving, and markets were competitive.
South Air (600029.sh) reported mid-2024.
Prospective earnings and investment ratings: we expect the company to achieve a net return of profits by 2025-2027.
The company continues to have a high number of seats, followed by the "Counter-Inner Volume" Golden House No. 127, Wumen West Avenue, Beijing City West Side.b
Consider the company’s future profits improving and maintaining its “growth” rating. Risk factors: demand for travel is not as high as expected, fare price increases are not as high as expected, and oil prices are at a high risk of rising significantly.
\triangleright, major areas of transport, such as logistics, roads, railways, ports, aviation, maritime transport, which have been part of the external review of various provinces, has not been, has not been or will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views contained in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and guidance in making investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and duties. This report is made available only to the specific client mentioned above, and is not made available to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in the present report are only dated from the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
A special notice may not be issued in respect of letters of credit securities for studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.