On August 28, 2025, Southern Airlines published its semi-annual report for 2025.
The income from the industry was 86.3 billion yuan, an increase of 1.8 per cent in the same year; the net profit from maternity was 12.3 billion yuan, an increase of 300 million yuan in the same year.
Fluctuated revenue from volume growth declined, with a small increase in revenue from h1 battalion. 2025h1 Company operating income 1. Southern Airlines Review: a significant decrease in revenue from passenger and freight together with an increase in net annual gains, 2025.3.27
2. Southern Airlines Review: q3 seasons of high q3 q3 q3 seasons, growth in revenue by 5.5 per cent on a year-on-year basis, increase in occupancy rates by 2.4 pct to 85.5 per cent on a year-on-year basis, rpk and 3. Southern Airlines Review: a drop in income by one q1
The revenue was 0.46 yuan, a 6 per cent decline in the same year, mainly due to business line pressure and fuel surcharges, with a 3 per cent decrease in the revenue per kilometre; (2) freight: $9.1 billion in revenue, a 4 per cent increase, with rftk increasing by 6.4 per cent in the same year and a 2.1 per cent decrease in revenue per kilometre.
The decline in oil prices contributed to an improvement in the Māori rate, with h1 net profit loss. The price of the shipped oil was 8.8%, an increase of 1.5 pct over the same period. During the same period, corporate sales, management, R&D, and financial cost rates together decreased by 0.4% over the same period, with the financial cost code dropping.
This is mainly due to a decrease in exchange losses. The company is in loss as a result of an increase of $700 million in income tax charges for deferred income tax and a decrease of about $1.8 billion in off-the-book income (higher aircraft operating compensation is available during the same period in the previous year).
The company lost $1.4 billion on the net profit from the non-monomy. q2 off-season industry saw a rise in domestic nudity, a fall in oil prices, an increase of $2.6 billion in the company’s Māori, and a loss of $1.19 billion on the net profit from the company.
The meeting focused on “intra-curve” competition in the field of civil aviation, and the convention on self-regulation of air passengers of the China Air Transport Association was officially published in August, proposing “the elimination of malicious competition (e.g. dumping below cost prices) aimed at crowding out rivals”.
The short-term “reverse volume” is expected to be the bottom of the rest of the season, as far as homogenous competition and business performance are concerned. In the medium term, the industry’s supply growth has been maintained at a low number of digits, while the passenger population has been growing at a high level, with current supply and demand projected for 2026.
The profit projections, valuations and ratings, the sweeps to get more services.
Analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market