q2 investment losses were narrow, and the potential of the full cargo machine was released \triangleright (4.01 billion net loss on 24 q2 non-mothers), and the company ' s annual deficit was mainly due to lower oil prices and recognition of Kawakami
Losses on investment have decreased. Pre-tax profits of 25h1 companies have increased on a year-to-year basis, and the net loss on the parent is mainly due to larger amounts of gold, a sharper drop in the line, which we believe is related to the company's increased ability to deliver short-distance international routes (25h1 international yellow cranes).
In the first half of the year, the subsidiary South Air Logistics introduced two 777,f, the South Shipping Company, billions of dollars, equal to 6.5 per cent, and the profit performance was affected by the first half of the year's tariffs, and the potential profitable release of the full cargo aircraft was considered.
The 25q2 unit withholding cost rises on a year-on-year basis, and the fall in oil prices eases the upward pressure on unit costs. 25q2 m \triangleright Division unit costs are equal to 5.4%, and we calculate the 25q2 unit fuel cost and the withholding cost are 0.12 and 0.12 respectively.
0.31, 22%, +3.7%, and the cost of withholding oil in the second quarter has risen on a year-on-year basis, reaching higher levels in recent quarters, but lower oil prices have eased the cost pressure. In addition, 25q2 companies have improved their financial costs on a year-on-year basis, with a small exchange rate appreciation contributing to a one-quarter profit improvement, and we measured the exchange gains of 25q2 companies at about $26 million, the previous year.
The losses on Kawakawa investments were narrow, but the income tax charges increased the tax-delayed profits. 25h1 company investment \triangleright suffered a significant reduction in the parent ratio, and lower season prices deviated from suppression of profitability.
Litt. 2025/04/02 Shortening investment losses (24q2 about 1.2 billion yuan in investment losses confirmed), followed by the company ' s completion of its post-tax performance on the Sichuan voyage, with a total profit of 600 million yuan (24h 1 160 million yuan) from 25h1 companies, but on the company.
Half-yearly, $1.430 billion in income tax charges ($680 million for 24H1) is a cost to corporate tax, and we believe that it is related to, or is related to, the return of corporate deferred income tax assets. Investment proposals: the fall in oil prices in the first half of the year contributed mainly to improved profitability, and we still value the company’s full-cost aircraft.
The profit-making potential and the profitability elasticity of the industry’s ticket price base rises.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.