New perspectives on the market abroad: bestseller, app download analysis, stone technology (688169.sh) – Chinese brands go out to sea to make big cakes, new perspectives compete for stones without fear, and maintain a "buy-in" rating.
Previously, the market was concerned about increasing competition in the industry after China’s land sweep brands entered Germany, etc., while stealing the share of stone technology. We thought it was not necessary to worry too much, mainly because of the fact that “the industry is big and the rock is competitive enough.” We selected the app downloads/good ratings/opening rates, bestseller rankings.
New perspectives such as /scoring, observing the competitiveness of several Chinese brands abroad, found that not only did the stones grow faster at a high base, but they were also the best-selling products, best-rated bests, best-data brands, leading the way. We expect companies to remain competitive in overseas markets.
• The market for offshore land sweeps, which is growing at a very high price, similar to our development from 2017 to 2022, is about 2.5 times the size of the Chinese market, dominated by the markets of Western Europe, Asia and the Pacific and North America and, to a lesser extent, is at a very high price, with not only a rapid increase in penetration, but also a product structure dominated by low-end single machine products
The period of rapid transition to smart navigation for base stations is similar to the development of our industry from 2017 to 2022. We expect steady-state sales growth in Japan/Republic of Korea/Thailand/Canada/United Kingdom/France/Germany/Italy/Turkey slopes/United States/Canada/United Kingdom/France/Australia/Australia stabilization average growth space to reach current industry averages
• From a new perspective, such as downloading/rating, bestseller rankings/scores, the competitiveness of the stones is prominent in China ' s producers going out to the sea to the cotao market, not as a means of copying domestic in-country volumes, but as a way of leading industry upgrading to share profits, among which the stones are one of the main beneficiaries of industrial upgrading, mainly in terms of: (1) shares, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States and others.
Germany’s high-end share is an absolute leader. China’s producers go out to the middle-end markets in the sea, but other firms and markets account for only one place; the United States’ irobot acquisition has had limited impact, and Germany’s leading share is a solid replicable experience for other Europe.
State; (2) Product power: offshore brands of high-end products are missing, technology research and development is lost, Chinese brands are driven to full-scale, middle-end shares are seized - company information updates, station products are strong, and overseas consumers have more room for price-sensitive products.
Capable and well-rated, leading the way to the consumer ' s mind; (3)app indicator: More reflective of real consumption in the market, 2023.10.28, in which stone downloads, openings, ratings are ahead of other domestic producers and cross-check past performance.
"A dryer pushes a new h1neo, watch the price, watch the stone technology fully benefit from the upgrading of the industry in the context of China’s manufacturers going out to the sea, and earn a larger share.
2023q2 has outperformed expectations, competition at home and abroad, 1 industry big enough + competitiveness, and it is expected that the rock will continue to reap overseas dividends.
We do not think that there is much to worry about, mainly because of the fact that “the industry is big enough to be competitive.” First, the market for overseas land sweeps is about 2.5 times the size of China, and the market is wide and is now at a price.
The upswing phase, which is not only a rapid upswing in penetration, but also a product structure in a period of rapid shift of low-end, single-station-based intelligent guidance, is expected to increase at a faster pace, and will not soon lead to an inside-up. Second, China’s land sweep brands, as pioneers of smart navigation-based products, have accumulated in domestic competition.
With a great deal of experience, product power and marketing power are more pronounced than foreign brands, and have achieved a more advanced market position in countries such as Germany, the United States, and South Korea, leading to better product structure and higher average prices for local land sweeper products, which are expected to be replicated in other countries and regions. On the other hand, it is not a problem to review domestic base-station products.
In a period of rapid upswing, it is precisely a time when the supply side has agreed to pull up the structure of the industry, quickly upgrades, and China’s brands can go out together to complete consumer education, all of which will benefit from it. Finally, the rock’s product is strong enough to pre-empt branding, and there is no fear of competition.
New perspectives, such as app downloads/good ratings/open rates, bestseller rankings/scores, have been selected, several Chinese brands have been able to compete abroad, finding not only that stones have grown faster at a high base, but also that they are the highest selling price for products, the highest rating for bests, the best brands for all the data available, while maintaining leadership on the market.
We expect the rock to continue reaping the growth dividends of overseas markets, with a sustained increase in profit. 2.1. Overseas land sweep markets are dominated by North America, Western Europe and Asia and the Pacific, and have increased in recent years as the main driving force. Overseas land sweep markets are dominated by North America, Western Europe and Asia and the Pacific, and are growing faster in Eastern Europe and Latin America in 2022.
The total size of the overseas land sweeper market was approximately $4.85 billion, compared to 17 per cent in 2017-2022. For the subregion, the Asia-Pacific (excluding China)/North America/Western Europe market, which was 15/37 per cent in 2022, was the main market for overseas land sweepers, 6/21 per cent in 2017-2022; and the Eastern Europe/Latin America market, which was 6 per cent and 16 per cent in 2017-2022.
The rest of China, including Taiwan, Macao, China, and Hong Kong, China) are mainly in Central and East Africa, and the United States, Germany, Spain, Japan, and South Korea have large markets for land sweepers.
(1) North American region: the main market is the United States, with market size exceeding 97 per cent, and market size in 2022, with five countries accounting for more than 66 per cent of the total annual market size, with German/Spanish markets amounting to $5.442 billion each) Asia-Pacific region: Japan, Korea and Taiwan are major markets, with total market size in 2022
The year-to-year period is similar. The combined sales volume of overseas land sweeper markets in 2022 was about 11.6 million, and cagr in 2017-2022 was 16.9 per cent, which was the main driver of market size growth. The price view is that the market for offshore land sweepers in 2022 averaged US$ 414 per station, and cagr in 2017-2022 was -0.2 per cent, but the average prices started to rise from 2020.
In 2016, with the hot sale of stone-scapped rice-scattering robotics for mills, the large-scale application of our lds navigational-scavenging products triggered a rapid growth in industry from 2016 to 2020, with cagr reaching 24.3 per cent during the period 2021 and the rapid increase in the average price of the thermal-publishing industry for ground-scaving machine products of our base stations, with industry averages for the period 2020 to 2022
Figure 7: Average market value for overseas land sweepers in 2022 was $414 per field, including Taiwan, China, Macao, China and Hong Kong, China.
Figure 9: Since 2021, our base-station hot market for ground sweeper products has been running 2.2. In terms of volume, there is much room for improvement in the penetration levels of overseas sweepers.
There is much room for increasing the penetration levels of overseas land sweepers. At penetration levels, it is assumed that the product replacement week will be five years, with Spain, the United States and Singapore having 200.0/13.6/16.4 units per 100 households in 2022, with higher levels in Europe, North America and Asia and the Pacific, respectively; mainland China/Japan/Canada/United Kingdom/Italy
Household holdings, at a lower level, ranged from 4.6.5/3.5/3.5/4.7 units, with China's mainland Region I/Second Region/Category III Province) to countries with high vacuuming capacity, which are expected to have a higher level of acceptance of ground sweepers and a faster rate of penetration is expected.
According to Ewing data, in 2022 there were 40.2 household vacuum cleaners per 100 households in mainland China, 96.6.95.5/96.6.95 in Japan/Republic of Korea/United States/Italy for the same period, and 93.2.9/92.3/90.6.89.4 household vacuum cleaners per 100 households in Germany/Canada/France/United Kingdom/Spain for the same period.
The development of a culture of cleaning appliances, and the prospect of more choice among vacuum cleaners in the new demand for vacuum cleaners, has helped to increase penetration levels in the Asia-Pacific region, in Central Japan, in Europe, in the United Kingdom, in France and Turkey, in North America, and in Canada in North America.
If we assume that 20 units per 100 households are at the level of land sweep stability, it is expected that sales growth in Japan/South Korea/Thailand/Canada/United Kingdom/France/Germany/Italy/Turkey will reach the current level of 2.3 per cent. In terms of prices, the structure of overseas products is still relatively low and the structure is upgraded at the right time.
With the exception of Chinese brands entering the region, the average cost of overseas land sweeper products as a whole is low. The dollar, converted to US dollars, is expected to be associated with brand positioning, such as stones, and a smaller volume of native land sweeper brands. Turkey’s average price has increased rapidly in recent years, reaching 41% in 2017-2022, compared to 2.8% in South Korea/Germany.
The structure of overseas products is relatively low, dominated by single machine products. According to gfk, in 2022, China’s base station-type robot sales reached 84%, the highest level in the world, developing Asia/developed Asia/Latin America/Middle East.
The non/Russian-speaking region/Eastern Europe/Western Europe accounted for 19 per cent/55 per cent/ 4 per cent/10 per cent per 11 per 27 per 35 per cent, with the developing Asia/Latin America/Russian-speaking region having 31 per cent/81 per cent/41 per cent respectively of non-intelligent navigation single-navigators, such as random navigation and inertial navigation, with greater room for product structural optimization.
According to Kuan, out of 2023m1-m10 land sweeper products in Asia and the Pacific, 59.6 per cent were sold below $200, 13.4 per cent were sold at $200-300, for example, the bestselling best-selling list in terms of sales, and Irobot was sold first in Amazon America for $199.
Roomba 694, which is guided by random collisions, does not have a base station function such as self-assembled dust and self-washing rags as a single machine product; the first product sold by the Amazon British Station is the eufyrobovac30c single machine product at a price of £140, with a soaking capacity of 1,500 pa, which is also guided by random collisions, with a lower overall product structure.
In the case of Gabo, Korea, Taiwan, China, emerging Asia including India, Indonesia, Malaysia, Thailand, Viet Nam)
Hot sales of base-site products have led to higher average prices in China’s land sweeper products, and overseas markets are expected to recover. According to Ovie data, the sale of single-space machine products without base stations in the channels on the Chinese line in 2020q1 has declined rapidly to 21.8% in October of the year, while sales of full-scale station products with automatic scrubbing and automatic dust collection are expected to resume.
The share has already reached 70.7%, resulting in an increase in the average price of base-type products, and in October 2023 our line, according to gfk, the sales of base-based stations, smart navigation robots in Western Europe, Russian-speaking regions and Asia outside China in 2022 have more than doubled, and in other regions I am the fastest growing group of products.
It is expected that, as domestic brands gradually develop overseas layout and consumer education, the ratio of random collisions and inertial navigation of single-organic products in overseas markets will decline, and the base-station products of visual and lds navigation will become the market mainstream, driving industry prices on average.
Figure 16: Distribution of single-machine sweepers on Chinese line channels in October 2023 Figure 17: The upgrading of product structure has led to an average of 21.8 per cent of China ' s land sweeper product line, a decrease of 76.1 pcts from 2020q1
• From cleaning-single-distribution ratio to cleaning-all-base-station ratio  average price ($/desk) — average price — Figure 18: The structure of domestic ground sweeper products optimized with the continued layout of base-station products at the head, leading to an increase in the average price
In 2022, the tap perfected the layout of the whole base station product: the rock rolls out the g10s all-base series.
Kovos launched the whole base station x 1 proomni industry headband "auto-washing" campaign, 2009 Kovosto.
Searching for the launch of all-power base station series S10, the land sweeper product j1 out of the country.
The cloud whales have fallen out of line, and they still haven't finished their dust collection functions.
Dust, crash protection, fine cleaning, noise reduction, suction, shielding, 2023, where the tap began to produce the entire base station.
In 2021, the tap followed up on the moping product: in 2016, stone technology launched the National Coves launch of a collection of clean-up + self-discovery products.
One large-scale response to laser radar technology is that the rock rolls out the whole base station product p10 x 1omni, but it does not automatically go up and down.
Using the product "Mig House Scrubbing Robot," the cloud whales launch the main light dust-filling j4 and the cloud whale pushes j2 to auto-drain + self-cleaning.
Then Ids' navigational technology was applied on a massive scale.
The whole base station drop product t20 series, each with a dust collection/cleaning machine, and the first with a mechanical arm.
X30 series, Stone p10pro follow-up Figure 19: Sales of overseas base stations, smart navigation robotic products increased rapidly in 2022 and are expected to continue to improve product structure and pull up average prices
Singapore, the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom, France, and Australia have experienced a significant increase in the price levels of ground sweepers. We used average/national net household income to describe local price levels for ground sweeper products, thus exploring scope for price increases.
At the higher global level, mainly since 2020, the proportion of base-station products has been increasing, leading to a positive drop in prices. In other countries or regions, Turkey has higher prices, reaching 3.1 per cent in 2022, while Singapore, the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom, France and Australia have only price levels, respectively.
Countries such as Korea, Thailand, the United States, the United Kingdom, and Australia, where price increases are more pronounced with Turkey, are starting to rise, but Japan, France, Spain, and Italy are in a downward trend. We assume a steady-state level of 1.5%, with Japan/Singapore/United States/Canada/United Kingdom/France projected.
3. Competition analysis: Chinese manufacturers go out to the China-Totao market, not to mention the internal rolls and games. For the last three years, Chinese manufacturers have accelerated the deployment of overseas cities in the context of the price reduction and demand reduction in the domestic land-cleaning industry. According to gfk data, Chinese brands such as stones, Kovos, search and so forth are already in Europe, North America, Asia and the Pacific, and East Asia.
Several hotspot markets, such as South Asia, ranked top five in the list, have joined forces to expand overseas markets, become leaders of local industries, and have led to rapid growth of local markets, thus creating a situation in which both domestic and overseas markets are based. With a strong base station function, by the end of 2022, China’s production of land-cleaning robots had accounted for nearly 50% of the overseas market.
China’s autonomous brands accounted for nearly 50 per cent of global markets in 2022, with South-East Asia and Europe accounting for the highest share of 68 per cent and 55 per cent, respectively: the Japanese and Korean region has only 30 per cent of the Chinese brand market, while Japanese and Korean consumers tend to buy Euro-American and local brands, and Japan’s share of irobot is the first.
At the end of the year, in 2023, China's “Black Five-On-One” clean-up utility industry was hit by a 30 per cent increase in North America's “Black Five-plus One” gmv in 2023 compared to rock technology, with a major increase in its contribution and a roughly equal price (starting with the production of 2022q4 full-scale stations).
S8proultra, q5+, a total of 60%; with a further increase of 50% in the black-five period (20-30% in North America, 2023q3 40% in 2022) and a single dust collection/naked machine 30%/20%). In the competitive pattern, the market for stone sales is 28% (+3pcts), ranked second in the industry.
Other countries’ product markets are expected to be low in number of units, with a significant lead in rock. Rocks have now established offshore companies in the United States, Japan, the Netherlands, Poland, Germany, Korea, etc., to open online brand shops on American online platforms such as Amazon, Homedepot, Target, bestbuy, Walmart, etc.
Rock technology is already in the third highest position in more than 14 countries and cities around the world. The year before, rock and growth were evident.
The relationship is one of co-opting the Greater Overseas Market, where the product structure is currently relatively low (US$ 200 in trend), which will provide an opportunity to raise prices on a continuous basis, and where Chinese offshorers will benefit from the dividends of industrial upgrading. Moreover, the Coworth brand power needs to be upgraded overseas, and the American Amazon direct account numbers need to be opened and nurtured.
The city began to want profits, and the high marketing costs will not last too long. The next example will be the United States and Germany, which will analyse the competitive patterns, distribution structures, and product power of Chinese offshorers, and provide a new perspective on the relevant indicators.
3.1. United States: Industry high-end, rock high-end market share leading 3.1.1, competitive pattern: Chinese manufacturers continue to capture the share of irobot and stone high-end market share leading by 25.3%/roborock/sark/eufy sales, respectively, at 14.9%/13.0%/6.1%
-4.5/+7.3/+5.8/3.1 pcts, by brand, (1) stone roborock: Keeps second place on line, shares from shop to shop that help increase brand visibility leading to an increase in the full channel share: (2) irobot: First place on line is loose, shares have fallen from 62% of m1 in 2022 to 27% of 2023m10, shares have fallen significantly: (3) shark:
dreametech: The market for sales of m1-10 dreametech in 2023 was 1.6 per cent (+1 pct); (7) the share of cloud whales irobot is continuously being seized by Chinese offshore manufacturers, whose share of stones is the most marked, with the exception of stones, which currently account for only a low unit share and are one of the main beneficiaries of the foreign market.
Figure 24: In 2023, m1-10 irobot/roborock/sark/eufy/ecovacs/yeedi/dreametech/narwal sales took place on 5 August, respectively, when Amazon announced its intention to buy the global irobot at $61 per share.
The European Commission’s legal services team initially opposed anti-monopoly warnings to Amazons in their deal to acquire irobot. A change of position then supported the AOC’s detailed response.