Qingdao beer (first rating) Qingdao beer (first rating)
The beer industry has entered a period of stock competition, and structural upgrading has contributed to the recovery of the industry: beer production has fallen from a high level to a historically low level of new production, overall capacity utilization is less than 60 per cent, and industry has entered a period of stock competition.
In order to cope with competitive pressures, firms in the industry have adjusted their strategies to move from “earnings” to “profits”, gradually pushing internal changes through plant closures, price increases, improvements in quality efficiency, etc.
We believe that this round of industrial warming will continue, that companies will move from coarse to fine-tuning operations, and that the productivity and profitability of the industry will continue to improve.
The 100-year-old beer industry, which focuses on profit-making for the long term: Qingdao's beer started in 1903, has a long history and brand value industry, with more than 20% of the city's share. The company's product matrix is perfect and is constantly developing new products to meet market demand, with a marked increase in the share of major brands (48.7%) and high-end (21.6%).
The company focuses on the 1+1 nuclear brand, raising the visibility and influence of the main brand. The company has an absolute advantage in the Al Qaeda East market, and will continue to consolidate the Al Qaeda East market in the future, accelerate the growth of the “yellow” market, revive the “coast” market, and develop.
Non-optimal markets form a stairwelled and hierarchical pattern of development. Mid- and high-end lead sheep, with excellent asset performance: Qingdao beer is the first medium and high-end product image in a beer produced in the country, and it creates a marketed area along the Yellow River, with Shandong at its core.
The Qingdao beer rate is relatively stable, the sales cost rate is the first but continuing improvement in the industry, the management cost rate is long-term low in the industry, and there is still room for improvement in cost efficiency. The company has a high asset turnover efficiency (57 days of business life) and a very strong upstream and downstream bargaining power (receivables turnover)
211. The liabilities are mainly operating liabilities, quality of assets and excellent asset management. The Division is in a period of change when we believe that there is little room for price increases for imported barley in raw materials in the short term, that paper boxes and canisters are expected to fall in the same proportion and that cost-end pressures will be mitigated; and value added tax adjustments will be neutral estimates.
It's good to see that the upgrading of the structure of the company's products has led to an increase in the price of tons, an increase in the efficiency of internal spending and management, and a more qualitative growth of Lu Chow Wei.
luzhouweijzg.com.cn Risk of closing down plants to suppress profits, risk of rising raw materials prices, risk of increased competition in the industry.
The competitive environment in the industry has been critical since the 1980s, benefiting from the rapid expansion of multiple advantages, such as open reforms, demographic dividends, state-owned reforms and mergers and acquisitions, with total beer production exceeding 30 million litres in 2018, becoming the current domestic product.
The industry has also gradually moved from a regional to a national level, with the market shuffling in many rounds, and with the five leading patterns of Chinese beer, Qingjia beer, Bewway beer, Gasper beer, and Yanking beer falling in production, and the market entering a period of stock competition: as the consumer group stabilizes, the market expands thinly.
The production of beer has continued to decline since it reached 502.6 million places in 2013, and new production has also declined from year to year, with only 1.26 million new capacity added in 2017, less than 60 per cent of capacity utilized and industry entering stock
The level of profits is high, and industry companies are looking forward to a new breakthrough: after production began to fall in 2013 at a high level, the pressure on the survival of companies in the industry began to increase, with companies first relying on a “price war” to restore consumption by raising the cost of sales, thus putting a clear strain on profits.
The net profit levels of companies such as Aoshima beer, Yinking beer, Chongqing beer, etc. all fell at different stages, and the net interest rate of several companies also fell below 5 per cent on average, while the roe of the companies continued to do so, under greater operational pressure.
Faced with the multiple tests of inadequate demand, overcapacity, low profit margins, the industry needs to be reformed from within, companies recognize that price wars are unsustainable, that future consumer prices in the industry are bound to move up, and that firms can only adapt their product structures to changes in the industry as quickly as possible, moving from “earnings” to “profits”.
To be able to win this round of “profits” competition, the industry has entered a new phase of development, and the future corporate leaders who will lead the recovery from the crisis will take a more favourable place in the competition.
1.2 The effectiveness of the reforms is beginning to show, and the trend towards industrial warming has been set.
The rapid expansion, however, has been too ambitious in pursuing an increase in production and marketing areas, without taking into account capacity integration and market acceptance, resulting in an underutilization of production capacity, sustained losses in some production lines, and delays in the performance of companies. In the context of the decline in the total capacity of the beer industry, enterprises have been shut down since 2015.
Weak beer factories, reduced cost consumption, and improved capacity utilization. Hua Yun and Qingdao industry leads the way, opening up a gap with other companies: after nearly a decade of capacity building and optimization, Huayun's design capacity reaches 21 million litres, making it industry leader; Qingdao beer
After that, there are 62 beer companies and 1.48 million litres of design capacity. The two leading companies have an absolute lead, far higher than Chongqing's 179,000 litres of design capacity and more than Pearl's 2.2 million tons of beer, making a big gap with other companies in the industry.
The effect of price increases in response to the double crisis is clear: beer production has a relatively high share of packaged material and wheat sprouts, with packages accounting for 49 per cent and wheat sprouts for 14 per cent. Imports of barley have continued to increase since the end of 2017, and packages of cardboards and glass have increased since the end of 2016.
And the industry has not seen a large-scale rise in prices for nearly a decade, with firms starting at the end of the 17th. A new round of price hikes not only eased pressure on the rise in raw materials, but also led to significant improvements in the profitability and profitability of firms.
▪ Upgraded structure, the middle and upper ends are becoming mainstream: as the consumption capacity of the mainstream consumer increases, heavy product quality and branding are on the rise, so is the beer industry. The sales of economic beer (under $5) in the beer industry have declined steadily since 2013, and the share has also fallen to 71.2%.
More and more people in the original consumption of beer have started to pursue quality by choosing a better medium ($5-10) or a higher-quality (over $10) beer. At the same time, high-end beer has been growing by more than 10% in recent years, and its consumption has continued to increase.
In the future, it is expected that mid-end beer will gradually become the dominant consumption in the beer industry. To improve management efficiency, internal reforms will be profitable: firms are changing against a backdrop of limited industry growth.
The strategy calls for a top-down re-examination of corporate growth. Qingdao beer proposes the strategic objective of “ensure growth, structure adjustment, cost-effectiveness” and promotes structural upgrading and cost-efficiency as much as possible, while ensuring growth and city ownership.
In the context of development strategies, Yanjing's beer has also made it clear that structural adjustments and efficiency gains are needed, as is the pursuit of higher-quality growth. In this round of industrial change, firms are gradually becoming aware that structural upgrading and efficiency will be the main objectives.
In pursuit of profit growth through internal reforms, there is a clear trend towards a return to industrial warming.
• Growth, structural adjustment, cost recovery, entrepreneurship, innovation, transformational upgrading, quality growth
Chongqing Beers • Continue to promote product upscaling and focus on product upscaling strategies
• Innovative leadership, transformation, structural adjustments, efficiency gains
A hundred-year high-quality beer business, recovering the weight growth of 2.1 brand value industry, re-emerged after a wave of sank, and created a 116-year-old good beer business: the company's predecessor was a German businessman and a British businessman in August 1903.
A joint venture of businessmen in Qingdao, the German beer company Qingjia, is a country’s long-standing beer manufacturer, more than 110 years old and a real 100-year-old wine company. The public and private brand of Qingdao beer has a high branding and influence in the domestic and foreign markets, and it's an important part of the business.
In July 1993, the company was listed in Hong Kong as the first overseas listing company in the Mainland, and in August of the same year it became the first company in China to be listed in both places simultaneously. The company sold 803 thousand litres of beer in 2018, the second largest in the industry, with more than 20% of the city.
Industry leaders. The company owns beer-producing businesses in 20 provinces, cities and autonomous regions of the country, sells them all over the country, and sells more than 100 countries and territories around the world, which are truly Chinese beer brands that are well known on the international market.
Corporate development has gone through several more important stages with changes in the beer industry. Before 1997, competition patterns in the industry were fragmented, local cutbacks were evident, and companies were still small in size, although they were the leading beer business in Shandong.
In 1998, businesses began to try to nationalize, and Qingdao became industry leader in this round of nationalization, with a nationalization package of 10 billion dollars in 2005.
This is a period of rising corporate integration, with a steady increase in revenue from $10 billion to $30 billion. Starting in 2014, it was affected by a decline in production, a mismatch in supply and demand in the beer industry, and a long experience with beer in Qingdao.
A period of shock. But, guided by a company’s “competence-backed brand-led development strategy”, income grew back in 2017 by a combination of “ensurement of growth, structural adjustment, cost-effectiveness” and, finally, upgrading into a central engine of growth.
2.2 Re-entry stimulates business activity, and equity incentives are on their way to becoming the second-largest shareholder: in December 2017, Re-Star International issued an announcement that the subsidiaries of the Re-Star State's inter-State holdings constituted buyers who bought Qingjia beer for $6,617 million.
17.99% of equity, after the deal was completed, Qingdao Beers became the second largest shareholder. Qingdao Liquor was announced in June 18, and the company signed a Strategic Cooperation Framework Agreement with Qingxing International, which will drive Qingdao Beers to the international market faster and Qingdao International to enter Qingdao after two.
A good private asset group looks forward to working together to help Qingjia beer: Restar is a leading private capital group in the country, plowing in the fields of health, happiness, prosperity, technological leadership, continuous innovation, and intelligence.
Year after Year after Year after Year at Hong Kong, at December 31st, 2018, U.S.I.C. produced more than $638.8 billion. Qingjia beer is an important link in the Happiness Ecology. Qingjia's Great Happiness Eco-Coopers are aimed at increasing household consumption in our country, along with Qingjia beer.
In addition, the international investment industry has a common position: the companies that have synergies with the Aoshima beer in the target population, and on the cost channel: the Sino-Star itself has a wealth of private business management experience and consumer industry research; and, in general, both the Re-Star itself and the Re-Stard Industrial Ecoosphere.
There are conditions and opportunities to work with Qingdao beer, and in the future we look forward to seeing Qingxing and Qingdao beer work together to increase the profitability and brand value of Qingdao beer, as well as to increase the value of Qingdao beer.
Four listed companies announced about equity incentives, while only six listed companies announced about each year in the three-year period 2016-2018. In 2019, the rate of entry of intra-industry equity incentives accelerated, and firms bound core management through equity incentives, sharing corporate growth dividends with management.
Qingdao's beer is relatively cautious and secure, due to state-owned mechanisms, and the company is committed to moving the listed company forward with a long-term management incentive plan by the end of June 2020.
• 62 beer factories, leading the country by producing capacity: due to the short radius of beer transport (generally 250-300 km),
In the process of development, Qingdao's beer is spread across 20 provinces and municipalities of the country, with 62 fully owned and owned beer-producing enterprises and more than five beer-producing enterprises in Jiangsu, Shaanxi and Guangdong.
With 14.8 million litres in size and leading in terms of domestic capacity and size, the closing down of 10 plants over five years has steadily increased capacity utilization: the company still has a portion of its rapid development; the alcohol production plant is less efficient in its production, is in a state of constant loss, and delays the company’s performance.
The company closed down the two departments of Yangpou and Lagoon for 18 years and plans to close 10 excess production plants for 5 years, closing an average of 2 to 3 units per year, and promoting optimal production capacity. In the short term, the closure of the plant will result in a certain amount of impairment of assets and relocation costs.
With the profit end, there's some pressure on the profit end, but in the medium to long term, closing down the production capacity can be effective, increasing the productivity utilization rate, reducing the cost-effectiveness of the production capacity, reducing the depreciation amortization, the cost of selling and unnecessary inputs, and allowing companies to devote more energy to more productive lives.
Production plants, increasing economies of scale, and enabling companies to grow in a more qualitative way. ▪ With the country’s only country-level priority laboratory, product quality industry leads: companies in the beer industry have been farming for many years, with the only national priority laboratory in the beer industry and with the country’s first-class R&D.
By the end of 2018, companies had 413 patents, far higher than other companies in the industry, creating a number of autonomous intellectual property rights and core technologies. Young island beer won the Golden Award for the World Beer Championship, the European Beer Star, and quality.
It is also the first time that the food industry has been awarded the third China Quality Award (CQA) in 2018 with a “triple-and-aggregated Quality Management Model” and a professional recognition of the quality control capabilities of the company.
The product matrix is rich: the company has developed a better product structure at the top of the August, Hong Kong, Classic 1903 series, the middle of which is mainly the Qingdao classic and pure series, and the lower end is dominated by Qingdao ice, cool, hilly, and some local brands, which form a perfect product matrix.
▪ Research and development of new products to meet consumption demand: as consumption changes, consumption habits and preferences change, the beer industry also needs to develop new products to meet consumption demand. Companies have been using high-end, healthy, fashionable products in recent years.
At the heart of the argument, new products such as 1903, all wheat beverages, ipa, and platinum have been developed to enrich the production matrix and attract more consumers. The firm’s strong R & D capacity has also enabled it to respond more quickly to market demand, to keep up with the industry with its products and to grow with it.
• Focus on products above the waist, leading the middle- and upper-end markets: the company’s core Qingdao Beer Classic series, among other products, is in the middle and upper end of the mainstream brand, and the company is also the leader of the national beer brand in the high-end of the beer industry, where the market stands firm. In 14 years, the company began a new phase of decline in the industry’s size.
There have also been attempts to attract consumers by raising the share of low-end products and lowering overall tonnage prices, with little success. Companies have come to realize that rising consumption is a central driver of future development, and consumers have started to pursue quality consumption rather than just price, so they have been focusing on putting their products above their waists.
The share of high-end products has also increased year by year, reaching 21.6%, and the prices of out-of-plant tons have been restored to their length, maintaining a leading position in the market for medium- and high-end beer consumption.
2.4 The “1+1” strategy enhances brand value. The “4 Ones” enhances consumer sticky awareness of consumer brands, and the “1+1” brands focus on the core group of products: the company has incorporated many regional brands through M&As in the development process, creating a multi-branding pattern.
Increased concentration, awareness of consumer brands, and growing awareness that multi-brands can distract consumers and reduce the efficiency of marketing costs. The beer industry is entering a phase of branding competition, where brand focus and quality consumption become a new period of melody, and companies are exploring it for a long time.
The brand strategy, “1+1,” has been developed. The development of the Qingdao beer brand + the national second brand, focuses on core brands, spends more precisely, enhances branding and resonance. The brand value of Qingshan beers also amounts to $27.258 billion, visibility and competition in the regional market.
The competition has been growing year by year, creating a better product and brand structure with the Qingdao beer brand.
Consumer interaction for the marketing of products through experiential consumption Chart 27: The company's “One Four” marketing model beer is naturally more relevant to music and sports, and companies are also using sports and music marketing as a means of marketing
Main lines, optimal allocation of resources, enhanced consumer interaction and experience Beers and sports are naturally compatible with sports, and the beer has a depth of sports marketing: the young, passionate attributes of beer are highly compatible with sports spirits. People watching sports games and beer consumers
High overlap, with beer being the preferred food for most fans during the 2018 World Cup, is also proof that sport is the best beer sales carrier. A Qingdao beer is a company with a high correlation to sports, starting with the first Chinese tennis open competition in 2004.
Sports depth tied, became a sponsor of the Beijing Olympics in 2005, became a partner of the Nba officials in 2008, started to sponsor the cba in 2012, officially signed the Champs League in 2013, became a sponsor of the World Cup in 2018 and became a sponsor of the Beijing Winter Olympics and winter invalids in 2022
In addition to the big ones, Qingdao's beer is a sponsor of the Shandong Provincial Games, the World Cup, etc., and increases the exposure of Qingdao's beer and raises it through cheerleaders, soccer-baby selections, and sports interactive programming.
Branding influence. The company has long and experienced in sports marketing, and maintains good relations with the procreation organizers, the rebroadcasters, and will continue to upgrade through sports marketing. Music is the best way to capture young people.
Echo research shows that after 95% and 69.35% of the time after 00, music becomes part of young people's lives, beer and music are connected to the confluence of consumers and young people to express themselves.
The festival, the night of the Aki-Screams together, the festival of Aoshima's beer and the music festival of Aoshima's hot-wave music, and so on, has been instrumental in bringing closer relations with consumers, while also strengthening the high-end image of the brand.
Figure 30: Qingdao Beers Supported Student Music Festival 2.5 Stereomarketing Structures, “Big Clients + Micro-Operations” Deepening Sales Networks Building Stereo Marketing Structures: Companies are constantly improving their distributor management and maintenance systems, and the number of distributors is high
Up to 15550, with a focus on fostering strategic distributors, improving synergies in their operations, increasing the control of end-users and regional market distribution through strategic distributors, and accelerating the marketing of products. The Division is also actively engaged in selling products via the Internet, and is moving online to the “MicroCenter” and “Clusters.”
In 2018, in cooperation with new retail platforms such as the Alibaba Retail Center, the Tokyo Business Town, and the Box of Horses, we continued to tap online access opportunities and meet Internet users with contact angles.
Consumer demand. The company has built a stereo sales platform called "Electrator + Shop + Factory" which is constantly improving  Large Client + Micro Operation, with a layered operating channel: in marketing operations, the company is constantly promoting and refining the marketing model of "Great Client + Micro Operation".
The relationship between distributors is elevated to an integrated strategic alliance, with enterprises transforming themselves into producers, suppliers, planners of marketing strategies and producers of marketing strategies, and distributors making full use of their resources in terms of money, networks, human and material resources, and making use of their flexibility, speed and cost.
A low advantage, combined to promote the sale of Qingdao beer. Beers are also a fully competitive consumer domain, with strong competition among brands, and businesses still need micro-operation and deep distribution to improve terminal control.
Difficulties, in turn, can reinforce competitive advantages based on experience with corporate channels, promote co-operation among manufacturers, optimize the distribution of value chain links in marketing, continuously improve the ability of firms to maintain and control end-users, and the average sales volume of distributors is increasing year by year.
▪ Consolidating the base market + accelerating growth market construction and increasing market share: in the course of their development, firms have emerged as several more visible marketing belts, markets that develop market extension strategies based on corporate resource advantages and local competition patterns, and promote more valuable growth for companies.
To consolidate the base market: Shandong is the company’s home market, contributing more than 50% of its income. Shandong is the province with the highest beer production in the country, with the highest per capita consumption, after many years of development, where the public has an absolute advantage, and where the future will continue to consolidate the capital market.
The growing “yellow” market: the company’s share of the cities along the Yellow River is more than 50% in the cities of Jianxi, Shanxi, etc., and is the first brand of local beer. Revenue from sales in the provinces of the “yellow” in recent years.
In the future, companies will continue to consolidate the competitive edge of the “yellow” market, seeking to revive the “coastal” market: the company’s coastal areas of Jiangsu, Zhejiang, Fujian and Guangdong.
With more than 20% of the city’s share, it is a local brand of beer with market influence and visibility. But, because of the relatively low rate of city ownership, firms are competitive everywhere, requiring considerable human and material investment to assist in market promotion, with higher fluctuations in income and profits.
Rejuvenation was a central demand, with Guangdong ending in 2018, achieving a resilient growth that will lead to more efficient spending in the future and speed up running out of competition. Developing non-optimal markets: Northeast, Beijing, Southwest, etc., are the advantage of other beer businesses.
In the region, Qingdao's beer is less popular in the local city. In the long run, it is unlikely that Qingdao's beer will prevail over its original advantage. For non-optimal markets, companies have adapted their strategies to reduce the cost of doing no good.
Figure 33: The company has an advantage in the “Yellow” and “Coast” areas
In more than 100 countries and territories in Europe, Africa, Asia and Oceania, sales totalled more than 600 million. 3. Comparison of industries: location of medium- and high-end beer businesses, leading 3.1-country production of middle- and high-end head sheep, forming an area of advantage along the Yellow River centred on Shandong.
A Qingdao beer is an early medium-to-high-end image of a national beer: in terms of product structure, Qingdao beer has exceeded 3,000 tons since 2009 and, despite the large difference in prices with mainstream products abroad, has long been at the top of the national beer industry. The Chinese beer market has expanded with snowflakes.
At the lower end of the market, the price is less than $2,500; Yin and Huayun tons are close, product location is close; Joojiang's beer is increasing the pure line, the price is rising gradually, and by 2018, for the first time, it's over $3,000.
In terms of ton prices, Qingdao beers are the first to occupy the upper- and middle-end consumers in the country’s beer industry, and they have a pre-emptive advantage in the upgrading of the product structure. Qingdao beer core products are sold at a higher price: we can find it by comparing the dominant products of individual businesses.
The average price for the sale of the island's beer is higher. These are the main products that have been sold for more than 10 years, have been tested and sequestered, have been recognized for consumption, have higher levels of Qingdao beer in the same type of marketed product, and as consumers increasingly value the quality of the product and pursue better quality products, Qingdao beer takes over.
Speed up the layout of high-end product lines, Qingdao's products are the most comprehensive: big beer businesses are enriched by the fact that mid-end and low-end beer are out of competition and the structure of beer consumption is moving up and up.
In recent years, Qingjia beer has been highly accepted in markets such as German black beverages, all-meat beverages, 1903 fine beers, ipa, etc., and sales have increased rapidly.
Qingdao beer is the most sophisticated and comprehensive of the national beer brands, reflecting both the public and industry’s leading product research and development capabilities and the company’s ability to promote new products. The small volume of beer imported + differentiated positioning, with little impact on the national beer product in the short term: with Bawe and Hi.
Li, Corona, represents a rapid growth in the import of beer, which has grown at a combined annual rate of 25% for the past five years, and 821,000 litres for the import of beer, which has been well received by consumers, especially young consumers. While there has been a rapid increase in the import of beer, this compares to the most produced beer in the world.
It's still a minority, with less than 5%, and a smaller overall size, which makes it difficult to counter the size of the beer produced in the country. On the other hand, the channels for the sale of imported beer are dominated by high-end consumption, such as nighttime, ktv, and are somewhat different from the channels for the domestic beer, i.e., drinking, so we think it's short.
The impact of beer imports on domestic beer production has been limited over the period. But, in the long run, with the increase in the production of beer produced at the national level, there is a need to compete positively with imported beer at the higher end of the spectrum; and internationally recognized beer companies such as Bawei, Gasper and others have been working together with domestic manufacturers to expand the market and own it.
After years of global expansion, the future will depend on whether domestic beer producers can compete with well-known alcohol companies through channel advantages and market experience. Beer is the best performer in deep distribution, and access barriers are deep: there is rapid growth in the beer industry.
During the decade, firms competed through channels to increase their market share, and beer was a low unit price, a high consumption rate, less sticky consumers, and full market competition. In order to consolidate the market, enterprises promoted it in a deep distribution model, with close suppliers, salesmen, distributors, and sales terminals.
Links, company sales people directly control the terminal and control the end sales. Deep distribution requires a large amount of support, and we compare the per capita income generated by beer and other direct drink salesmen to the per capita income generated by beer salesmen far below that generated by other industries.
Beer companies are more aware of the consumer and competition patterns in their advantage regions, forming a very deep barrier, new entrants are extremely difficult to form on a certain scale in the short term, new entrants are also more difficult to disrupt, and industry concentration is on the rise: beer products are more homogenous.
It's more difficult to make a blast, and it's less likely to be a spoiler in the form of a blowout. And the lead business, which has grown through many years, has created a very strong barrier to access. So we think that the increase in market concentration in the beer industry is a big move, that the beer industry is close to 80%, and that the future will be real.
The leading firms with the advantage of the channel continue to raise their market position, and competition among the leading firms continues to grow. The national market has been cut off by five leading players: while the beer sector is highly concentrated in the country, the market shares of the top five firms are small, and internal competition is intense.
The country's market is dominated by beer competition patterns in the country's major provinces, which can be divided into three categories (1)) a brand market with more than 50 per cent of its share is in absolute advantage, such as the Shandong market for Qingdao beer, the Northeast market for snowflakes, the Beijing market for Yinjing, etc. 2) multi-brand markets in five varieties are concentrated between 20 and 50 per cent.
Market competitions, such as Henan, Jiangsu, and others: 3) local brands of non-five brands dominate, and five brands are not strong, such as those in Guangdong City, with Joojiang's beer in the lead. On the whole, Huo Yun, as the leader of the industry, has the most dominant market, and is covered from east to west, with Qingjia in Qingjio.
The provinces along the Yellow River have a clear edge, with Kasper being expanded to the southwest, Bwai taking a higher position in China’s central city, and Yanjing’s central position in the Beijing market. 3.2 Business as a whole has improved, and Aoshima’s beer spending has improved efficiency
In response to the downside risks of demand across the industry, large firms have boosted income growth by upgrading their product structure and prices, benefiting from the full price increase that began in late 2017, most of them.
As a result of overall price increases and product restructuring periods, the company’s restructuring effects in 2017 began to warm. The rise in raw materials forced a decline in the Māori rate, and the Qingdao beer rate was relatively stable: ton prices were raised.
The rise was accompanied by a rise in the cost of tons, as there was no large price increase 17 years ago, so the rise in production costs caused by the rise in raw materials was partially absorbed by the company itself, forcing the Māori rate to slip down, with the most pronounced decline in the Yinking beer ratio over four points, and the Aoshima beer ratio relative to the Aoshima rate.
Stable (18 years as a result of a larger decline in accounting adjustments). The 18-year decline in the Māori rate in most firms after the price increase at the end of the 17th year has been reduced, rising in the same year, and the increase has contributed significantly to the Māori rate.
The beer industry is the best performer for deep distribution, and the corresponding sales costs are higher. Sales costs are invested to support both the marketing costs of ground air drops and the salaries of the employees who support the marketing staff, as well as the higher unit transportation costs due to the lower tons of beer.
The cost of selling alcohol is higher than that of other listed companies in the industry, mainly that of advertising promotions of more than 1 billion dollars per year (18 years of accounting adjustment to a cut-off), and that of transportation costs of more than 1.3 billion dollars, each of which accounts for about 5 per cent of income, is higher in the industry, looking at the nationalization of the company as a whole,
Deep distribution and wide branding have resulted in higher sales costs. After the company adjusted its market value for sales, the gap between sales costs and such things as Huayun and beads has narrowed, and the company has made clear in its strategic planning that it will increase the efficiency of its personnel and costs, and that the sales area will increase as the ratio increases.
There is still room for a decline in the overall cost of sales, and the management fee efficiency industry is ahead: the company’s management costs are stable at around 5% and long-term.
Industry is low, and companies maintain a high degree of managerial efficiency and cost-control, reflecting good managerial control. In the broader context of incremental efficiency, companies will continue to control costs, spending, and maintaining excellent cost-management capabilities.
▪ The closing down of a beer factory has a short-term impact on profits and assets: the closure of a beer factory by a company will have an impact on the end of the profits, will result in a loss of fixed assets and intangibles, will also result in costs for the placement of some employees, and some regional governments will re-establish the capacity of a company to shut down after production.
Productive capacity provides financial support; the total amount of fixed and intangible assets at the end of the asset will be reduced accordingly, and some cost delays will occur during the shut-down period. The closing plant will suppress profits in the short term, and it will be manageable in the long term: while closing the plant in the short term will allow companies to stay in business.
The cost side creates a certain pressure, but most of the shutdowns are backward or idle, and companies have some control over the pace of closure, which minimizes the impact on the profit end. In the long run, the closure also reduces the inefficiency or inefficiency of the costs of the production capacity and promotes cost-effectiveness.
High end share ratio to net interest rate, Qingdao's beer is in the upper middle of the industry: in previous years, affected by the decline in the Maori rate, net interest rate fell significantly across businesses, and net interest rate has returned to growth in the last two years. The alcohol industry as a whole has low net interest rate levels, compared to the higher share of high end products.
High, the net interest rate has been raised to over 10 per cent after Chongqing's new Kasper's product line, lower net interest rates for Hua Yun and Yinking, and back 6 per cent for Qingdao's beer, which is high in the industry and matches the company's middle- and upper-end product positioning.
The increase in total assets contributed to a slight decrease in the turnover rate, and inventory liquidity performance was impressive: before 2017, the total liquidity rate for Qingdao beer had long been in the forefront of the industry, and capital management and asset flow operations had been excellent.
This has led to a decline in asset turnover and the accumulation of higher monetary funds, which in the future are expected to improve the efficiency of the use of monetary funds and increase asset turnover while increasing interest income. The firm’s stock turnover is much higher than that of other companies in the industry, reflecting its strong control over production operations and resource allocation.
Strong up-and-down bargaining power and high asset quality: corporate income exceeds 25 billion, but accounts receivable is less than 200 million, and even accounts receivable are below 200 million at the end of the quarter and the end of the second quarter of the season, which is in line with the company ' s sales policy and its very strong downstream bargaining power.
By comparison with industry, the turnover rate of corporate receivables is more than double that of other firms, far higher than that of other listed companies in the same industry. Corporate accounts payable over a long period of more than 2 billion, highlighting the firm’s ability to negotiate highly upstream, and the firm’s strong position in the entire chain of industry in recent years.
The asset-liability ratio remained at around 45 per cent, and the liabilities were mainly due to operating-related accounts payable and contracts that stopped falling back, and there was greater scope for raising the billing of Qingqing beer: company roe continued to fall before 2017, and shareholder investment returns were under pressure. After a new round of adjustments, the company stopped working for almost two years.
In comparison with the industry, Chongqing beer has significantly improved its management efficiency since the introduction of Kasper, which introduced the management experience of the world's leading beer companies to Chongqing beer, which in 2018 was more than 30% of the company's Roe level. In addition to Chongqing beer, there are other males in the industry.
The divisional level of roe is still below 10%, and Qingdao's beer is at the top. For a Qingqing beer, there is still much room for improvement in the rate of return and efficiency in the use of the assets of the beer industry, and we look forward to a sustained increase in the roe during this round of recovery.
3.3 Quarter 1 business improvement, which continues to show a strong liquidity capacity
Performance development has laid the foundation. Corporate q1 revenue grew by 11.4% over the year, structural upgrading, volume uplifting, combined to promote performance growth; q1 net profit return increased by 21% over the year, and managerial and marketing cost management capacity improved.
At the top, the revenue is clearly warming; in addition to the interest income that drives the profits at the profit end, the profits at the company end are increasing at a higher rate than the two other listed companies. At the profit margin level, high-end positioning of the company has led its Māori-level industry, with excellent cost-control capabilities that put the company’s net interest rate on a quarterly basis.
The business cycle is much lower than that of peers, and the liquidity of the capital: the company's liquidity has always been at the top of the line, demonstrating a strong fund-control capacity and downstream bargaining power. The business cycle of the Division was only 47.2 days in the first quarter of 2019, well below that of other companies in the industry; the company had a quarterly stock turnover.
Only 46 days, less than half of Yinking's beer, 1.2 days of accounts receivable turnover, and excellent fund transfer capacity. A strong liquidity capacity is evidence of the company's very strong inventory and accounts receivable management capacity, which enhances the efficiency of the company's use of funds and its bargaining power up and down.
As a country-wide beer company with a high-end location, the company’s revenues are warming, the cost-investment efficiency is increasing significantly, and the profit-level industry is leading. Companies have high asset turnover efficiency and very strong upstream and downstream bargaining power, and Roe is competitive in the industry. The company’s 2019q1 business has improved its expectations and continues to expand.
Price increases + acceleration of the layout of new products + upgrading of major brands + continued acceleration asp: average company beer prices have increased for four consecutive years, product structure upgrades have become normal, and we will continue to look good in the future
By increasing prices + accelerating the layout of new products + upgrading the branding ratio — two large-scale price increases over 18 years — companies will be an important strategic tool in the future: in response to the upward pressure on raw material prices, companies have made two large-scale price increases in early and mid-18 years, a classic series,
The prices have been revised upwards in the series of mills, Hans, Lansa, etc., by raising the retail price of wine 600 ml and green Lansa 500 ml from $2 to $2.5, and in the classic series 500 ml wholesale from $36/box to $38/box in 2018.
In this context, the total sales of corporate products have increased by 0.76%, and the main brand sales have grown by 3.97%, which is higher than the overall increase, and the price increases have been smoother, with smoother transmissions from manufacturer to distributor to terminal.
A more effective increase in the price of Qingdao beer based on the region’s realities, and a gradual increase in the average price of Qingdao beer.
In recent years, the proportion of high-end products has been rising year by year, the strategic position has been increasing, and will continue to help companies to strengthen their high-end brand sales by increasing the share of major brands: 1+1 brands, and companies will gradually cut off non-core brands.
Increasing the ratio of major brands, especially the sales of Qingdao beer, and promoting a downward shift in the marketing structure of the whole product. 4.2 The price of imported barley has been limited, and the price of package items has fallen in the same year.
The time has passed to enjoy the price dividend of imported barley: domestic beer brewing uses barley mainly for imported barley, the price of imported barley has been declining since 2013, and beer brewers have enjoyed a longer price dividend. For reasons such as reduced imports, the price of domestic barley is disproportionately different from the price of domestic barley.
The price of barley has been rising steadily since September 2017, and the Department of Commerce has been filing an anti-dumping case against Australian imports of barley in November 2018, and imports of barley are likely to remain at a time of low prices.  The difference between imports of barley and national production of barley has been reduced, and there is limited room for price increases: the import of barley is mainly used for pick-ups.
Forage and brewing, but the feed industry has experienced a decline in demand affected by the pigpest, and imports of wheat have been increased at the same cost as imports. Some companies have chosen maize as an alternative feed material. Overall, the demand for feed imports has declined, resulting in an increase in the supply of imported barley for brewing, and suppliers have negotiated prices.
On the other hand, imports of barley have gone up for more than a year, and prices have recently been at a high level for almost five years, and the difference between the price of domestic barley has been shrinking and the price advantage has diminished. While domestic production of barley is still in its early stages, it does not preclude beer companies from using domestic barley for price reasons.
In combination with supply and price, we believe that the price of imported barley has limited scope to increase, but that the results of anti-dumping investigations still need to be followed. One year after the introduction of the environmental tax, the price of wrapping paper is stable, and the trend of drops in cans and glass is downward: paper-based life.
The environmental tax laws introduced in January of that year directly forced the major manufacturing firms to increase their costs. Packaging paper prices continued to rise in 2017, with a unit price of more than $6,000 per ton at the highest, and in the near future, the price of the cardboard has stabilized, and businesses have gradually emerged from this round of environmental reform crises, with future projected prices.
The prices of packaging materials, such as cans and glass, have also been rising since 2017, with prices declining in the first quarter of 2019 compared to the same period in 2018, and raw material price pressures.
The sensitivity of raw material price fluctuations to Māori rates: the share of raw materials in the company ' s packages (including glass, cans and boxes) and barley in the raw materials exceeds 60%, and their price volatility has a direct impact on the company ' s Māori rate. We measure the Māori rate in 2018, using the company ' s Māori ratio as a benchmark, for both categories.
The impact of price fluctuations in core raw materials on the company’s Māori rate. The conclusion is that if the price of both barley and packaging materials were to be reduced by 2 percentage points, the company’s Māori rate could be increased to 38.5 per cent, or 0.8 percentage points, and pessimisticly, if the price of barley and packaging materials were to be raised by 5 percentage points in comparison.
With limited time and a downward trend in packaging materials, the likelihood of a significant increase in raw material prices is low, with limited impact on the Māori rate. And our calculations take into account only the impact of raw material prices on public Māori rates and not structural upgrades, so the overall Māori ratio is likely to be higher.
▪ The 2019 government report clearly states that a downward adjustment of the value added tax (VAT) effective April 1, 2019 will have a greater impact on the annual Māori and net profits. We simply measure the changes in the net profits of Aoshima's beer after the adjustment of the value added tax.
▪ This VAT reduction will have some impact on the company's upstream and downstream operations, and if the company is in a strong position to negotiate upstream, it may require that its non-tax-free prices remain constant, that the revenue from the VAT downward adjustment be enjoyed by the public and that the company's tax-bearing costs remain constant, and that the price of the lower bargaining be enjoyed by the raw material manufacturer;
At the same time, if corporate channels are superior and bargaining power is strong, we can keep the downstream guarantee of tax-bearing sales constant, enjoy the profits from VAT deductions, and vice versa, and value-added tax deductions are partially enjoyed by downstream distributors. We use 18 years of performance as a benchmark, in four cases.
Given the strong advantages of Aoshima beer in core regional channels, the ability to negotiate with distributors and the stable upstream raw material price system, we assume that both the company's tax-based sales price and the raw material tax-containing purchase price will remain the same, using 2018 performance as a benchmark for a detailed measurement of the impact of elasticity in performance after the adjustment of the value added tax rate.
We reduced the value added tax rate from 16 to 13 per cent and the difference in the value added tax (VAT) from 456 million dollars. In addition, taxes and add-ons to the urban maintenance and education fees are based on VAT.
Value tax cuts also reduce the corresponding tax and surcharges by 46 million. Taking into account the added value of income costs and taxes and the additional reduction, a rough estimate of net profits of the company to its parent is $376 million, which represents the total income of the company, we consider the ideal scenario and do not take into account the fact that the company has invested part of the increase in profits into the cost scenario.
The company is in a stronger position in the industrial chain and is less likely to be repressed from both upstream and downstream.
The risk of rising prices of raw materials for the company’s industry as a result of short-term repression of the assets and profits of the company as a result of staff placement costs: the Ministry of Commerce’s anti-dumping findings against the import of barley remain unclear, and the price dividend for the import of barley is expected to disappear; environmental scrutiny has led to an increase in the price of packaged materials, and public prices have increased.
There is still a risk that both the company’s raw materials, barley and package, will rise in the future, increasing uncertainty about the company’s performance. The risk of increased competition in the industry is that the beer industry is still in a period of stock competition, and businesses are in the pipeline.
High-end, medium- and high-end competition patterns are expected to become even more hot and competitive, and firms will also face certain competitive pressures.