Price hikes + cost optimization, old-fashioned brigade surges, Aoshima beer (600600.sh) depth report, in-depth study/food beverages
The early initiation of internal reforms in enterprises with medium- and low-end products has yielded significant results: from 2015 onwards, internal reforms have been initiated with medium- and low-end products, with the sale of non-beer businesses, while promoting high-end convergence of product groups and the optimization of backward production capacity.
Business, with an integrated focus on low-end products under the flag, and speed up the closure of loss plants, among other things. The reform of the vanity of China, which began with a recovery from the 17h2 income end, raises the profit. After other firms have made appropriate models of reform, they are confident that the leader will adapt to his own adjustment and improve profitability.
Qingdao's beer products, channels, and fees: On the product side, the company will work on the high end of the main brand, Qingdao, to fill the super-high end gap, and to raise the price and interest rate of some products nationwide from last year.
On the channel side, the baboon offers to deepen the market distribution network, improve the control of end-users and continuously upgrade regional market distribution capabilities, in an effort to weaken the image of large customers for deep distribution.
On the cost side, sales costs are slightly higher than those of the same industry, promotion costs are much higher than those of competitors, and 2017-year-olds clearly propose optimized cost inputs, strictly regulate the use, write-off and payment processes, and enhance market verification.
Increased efficiency in the management and marketing of marketing promotion costs, compared to 1.8 ppt in 2017, and 18h1 promotion costs compared to 27.24 per cent in 2017, with significant cost reductions, but management changes still exist and internal structural efficiency is expected to be optimized as compared with other enterprises in the industry: the new board of directors was successfully replaced and the new management was replaced
The new management is expected to continue to recommend improvements in the company’s internal operations and to accelerate the optimization of production capacity and the enrichment of the product structure. By the end of the 17th year, 18% of its holdings were transferred to Remix International, where it was seeking profits as a financial investor, contributing to the enhancement of the company’s internal efficiency.
The current overall valuation of the beer plate is 47.76 times higher than that of the industry, and in view of the change in management, the internal structural efficiency is expected to continue to be optimized. In the future, the company’s performance is expected to grow faster than the industry average, with an estimated potential for further decline.
1. Qingdao beer (60060000) 2018 annual report point
2. Qingdao Beers (600600) research brief: Industry Integration I. Self-help of intra-industry enterprises to improve the evolution from low to high (i) Industry as a whole warms up and profits increase faster than revenues
Our beer industry’s capacity has been growing rapidly for the past 10 years, expanding at a much faster rate than sales increases, leading to high competition for market shares at low prices and excessive spending, resulting in sales growth rates exceeding profit rates. Intra-industry companies’ revenues, profits, and continued pressure, suggest that the pre-optimal expansion of blind capacity and price wars do not apply in the context of a decline in overall consumption.
In the larger context of continuing low demand in the industry, major companies have initiated a self-help model for closing plants + price increases + compressed costs. As the overall consumption rises, the domestic beer industry began to fall back in June 2017, after a 30-month decline in the 2015 freeze and aggregate production.
To date, some of these products have been priced by beer taps like Hua Yun, Qingdao, and Yinking, partly to relieve cost pressures. Indeed, before the official price increases this year, the giants began closing down inefficient plants in 2016, reducing the investment in new capacity to achieve a spontaneous supply-side contraction in the industry, while gradually incorporating cost rates into performance indicators for the industry as a whole in 2016.
The increase in sales profits exceeded the growth rate of sales, while the gap widened further in 2017, and, given the slowdown in sales, how to increase profit margins became a problem that industry leaders were trying to address.
Figure 6: Average growth in sales profits of the industry outpaced the growth rate of sales (ii) The recovery period of the industry has seen the fastest improvement from the record of listed companies, with sales of Huayun, Qingjia and Joojiang increasing at the same rate in 2017, with 18h1 heavy sales.
For the first time, volume growth was positive and ahead of it, with sales increasing steadily in 2018, while sales in China fell by 4.5% in 18 years, owing to price increases and competition intensity at the beginning of the year. The overall improvement was ahead of the industry, and the share of small businesses was further reduced.
In addition to the optimization of their own internal productive capacity, and the cost efficiency gains resulting from cost-compressing precision investments, the most direct means of increasing profitability is raised. After the low-season price increases in Yinjing at the end of 2017, Huayun, the green beams, and the Bwai have been declared.
Buty prices, the trend towards price increases, from regional to national, from low to mid-high. Generally, low-season price increases, transmission to terminals, often higher than price increases for plants, ensure the interests of distributors and become more market-driven, which would favour higher market shares for leading firms and further reduce the market share of SMEs.
(iii) The early initiation of internal reforms in enterprises with mainly low- and medium-end products, with notable results, in fact, starting in 2015 with medium- and low-end products, with greater performance pressures, the opening of internal reforms, the sale of non-beer businesses, the start of a focus on beer production, and the promotion of high-end product portfolios, flattening channels and backward production capacity
So, after Kasper's 2015 holdings, they cut off the non-beer business, focused on low-end products under the flag, and introduced the high-end product, accelerated closure of the losses plant, and so on, China and the heavy beams made changes to the enterprise itself during the industry's low-end period, while other domestic champions were relatively conservative, with price increases and plans to close down until the end of 2017.
(a) Plants, compressed costs and changes in internal management.
The sku mix; the regulatory channel; and the end channel: the "big city" strategy, 25% marching forward.
4 priority cities in Sichuan province with high indicators of pre-tax profits, production: closure of Xiangjiang, Liuzhou, Xihua
Production: Iobin New Plant moved into operation with sales income, controlled cash flow and a high-end product, fort, and carpentry.
A wine factory like Yama, Yongcheon, management: Kasper's six directors in Chongqing, building financial guidance.
Capital: Acquisition of Shanghai Premium Beer brand Products: Premium Fields, Production: In Yunnan Kunming and Sichuan Shunyang
The opening ceremony of Han's factory, the factory, the 100 factories over the next two years.
Marketing: strategically agreed half a million tons of modern plants with Ali retail.
Management: Chinese market salesmen are expected to close half of China's factories to seven districts.
20% reduction, channel and regional management are more straightforward. Field supply chains are reduced to three.
Capital: acquisition of tri-profit China Products: continued implementation of the "1+x" brand Products: continued implementation of the "1+x" brand
Strategies: Listed Qingdao Beer Pearson, Channels: More Disaggregated Channels
Strategy: to speed up the flow of beer and congenial wheat beverages, raw buckets, fast-tracked nightyards, ka, buckets, etc.
Made products represent high value-added products Marketing: modern channels around sports marketing, music camps, beer, electricity, etc., and sinking
Management: former president, Mr. Wong Kheing, became a transformational upgrade in marketing, event marketing and active expansion and consumption
Qingdao Beer Board Member, Ninth Qingdao Beverage Marketing: perfecting "Great Client + Micro-Micro-Mixing"
An interactive communication channel for the use, write-off and payment of European Cup control costs and the hiring of former vice president of the company.
Major Mr. Wei is in the position of Managing Director for football and the Rio Olympics.
Production: compressed capital of new production capabilities Conduct of sports events, increased branding and increased marketing efficiency
Expenditure, reasonable control of the size of the investment Product: Introduction of a new product for young consumers, Yin King Road.
Products: Corporate-wide promotion Marketing: Building on the Cup, the Chinese team, equity: Increasing stocks, managing management
The Chinese Ping-Pong team, Beijing Yin-kyung beer, Kyoto brands, regular wine for the sake of freshness, middle class.
It's a branding campaign, and it's a cultural festival, and it's a branding event, and it's a fresh beer, and it's a high-quality wine, and it's a pure marketing event.
Products: Increased production inputs of cans, biological representation, personalized products with slurry, online advertising of products, increased branding
President of the Board of Directors and Director of Social Recruitment.
White beverages represent a rich and clear product. From the statement, the reform pre-reforms began to recover from the 17h2 end of income, while the remelt benefited from the infusion of the Maxburgh end product, as well as the radical internal supply chain reform, with the most visible profit increases, while the green and petrel end improved slightly.
The taps should benefit most if the industry as a whole is warming and the share is generally stable. According to the sales data for 2017, sales of 1,171 thousand litres/brust/peasel/peasels/sweesels are 171,000 litres/79.2 million litres/45 million litres/94,000 litres, respectively, regardless of the future Casper asset injection, where there is a difference between the size of the refilled and the size of the refill.
It is believed that leaders will adapt to their own adjustments and improve profitability in the face of slower competition in the industry. According to the 2018 data, the earnings of the taps have all recovered, and the earnings of the bimps have increased at a lower rate as a result of the application of the new guidelines. The company now earns about 27.6 billion yuan in 18 years, a 5.04 per cent increase, based on a comparable income caliber.
Figure 11: Relatively high sales rates of beer: Figure 12: Increases in profits from heavy beer are evident. On August 3, 2018, Huayun beer announced long-term strategic collaboration with Heineken beer.
Cooperation is conducive to promoting high-end strategies for the production of saffrons, unleashing the potential of Heineken beer in high-end markets, expanding product lines, and increasing competition in the future for medium- and high-end beer markets, with a certain impact expected from the relatively high-end beverages of the product structure, Jasper. In terms of access expansion, snowflakes can expand advantage areas using the resources of the glee in South China, while on the other hand, they can expand advantage areas.
Building on the power of joy to penetrate international markets, raise global brand visibility, and use the powerful distribution channels of Chinese beer to quickly roll out goods, reduce the cost of extension, and contribute to improved performance. China’s partnership with Hewlett helped to stimulate other leaders in the industry to improve their business performance spontaneously, as well as the continued high-end product structure in response to increased competition at the mid- and high-end price belts and at the local level.
Snowflakes and giraffes are still in progress, and because of the actual differences between the regions and channels of gratification and snowflakes themselves, we believe that snowflakes and giraffes are less likely to be marketed significantly in the last year or two, more in the long term (5-10 years of planning), and therefore do not have to worry too much in the short term about excessive competition in mid- and high-end markets.
ii. Qingdao Beers: The Old Badg Litts were re-energized. If the period 1990-2000 was the first stage in the development of beer in the country: regional brands were the main focus, there were more industrial gaps, and various products were the main focus of the consolidation of their strong regions, then phase II (2001-2005) was a cross-regional M & A or a plant with strong regional brands.
The bulk of the market share was seized; the third phase (2006-2012) was a slowdown in the expansion of the industry, with economies of scale reaching bottlenecks, a pioneering strategy, weak growth, far less rapid than the expansion of productive capacity; and from 2015, the entire beer industry was in the self-supply reform phase, and how to increase profitability was a new topic.
Up to 60 per cent of the previous year, the three big players were more likely to lead the entire industry, and now it appears that the city's top-notch is beginning to make internal structural changes starting in 2015 to raise prices for low-end products, changing the largest and most stable share; and that the Bewie takes over the domestic high-end beer market, starting to lay out the country's fine-boiled market, while the Harbin beer is serving the low- and medium-end market.
The most clear indicator: whether the beer represents the high-end beer in the country, whether the product will break out, secure the advantage areas, and the non-optimal regions will be the key to their ability to guarantee a profit margin. Figure 13: Share of the domestic beer market (by sales, 2017)
Figure 14: Average domestic beer prices kept up ($/thousands of litres)  Qingshima  Yinking
I'm Kasper, I'm Venus, I'm Joojiang.
♪ Trinity, blue ♪ ♪ Healy ♪
(*The 18-year average price of oatmeal and reverbage is estimated) Products: Hua Yuen upgraded, Bwai two-way attack, Qingjia lulled in 2001-2006, Xu Yuen Snowflake covered the rapid market by means of large-scale mergers and acquisitions, with low prices and channels for buying companies,
Since 2006, snowflakes have shifted from expanding markets to in-house rates, and profits have also started to grow faster than revenues, but China has an absolute advantage over medium- and low-end products, with single snowflake brands as markets for higher-end products such as Facebook and black beverages, but overall unit prices are still low.
In the second half of 2018, a new high-end new product was launched, and a strong enforcement push for high-end products to take over the market was seen as slowing overall sales.
Following the acquisition of BWM by Inbo in 2008, BW was restructured into two major national brands, BW and Harbin, targeting medium- and low-end markets, respectively. “Harbin Ice Purity” is a low-end primary product.
The Qingjia Classic and Snowflakes have been developed from a national brand of regional brands in the north-east, in conjunction with the powerful new production capabilities of the Bwa, using not only snowflakes, but also old night clubs, restaurants, and canals to cover their low- and middle-level beer areas. In 2013, Bwai Yinbo (camps) produced Bwabes for public consumption.
It's 460ml bottled, which is more affordable than the previous high-end 330ml canned, and it's different from the original high-end products, which are used for nightclubs and restaurants, and which are used for household table consumption. The intent of Budweiser is clear, making the base for the top-down market. And as an international brand, Bew never lacks a high-end beer brand, and from the end of last year, the company stressed that
The promotion of Corona, the era, and Fukukabek will be strengthened, while the area of brewing beer will begin, with a clear strategy of double-trip targeting. Since 2007, the brand has been based on a brand strategy of “1+x,” with the main brands of Qingjia facing the middle-end consumer market, with the main high-end products under the flag being August, Hong Kong, Classic 1903, pure beer, and so on.
Brand products contribute to the public consumption market. The sales of green beverages in 2017 are about 47%, of which middle-end and high-end products weigh about 5:4. This compares with a single snowflake brand strategy in China, and with the Bawe and Harbin brands strategy in Bermuda, the 1+x brand system in green beads, which is slightly complicated.
A strong advantage is that there is no complete nationalization. The middle-end product in the main brand is subject to a two-way slamming of the Bwai and the Hwau, which in recent years has declined in areas with strong rivals, such as South China. Qingdao's beer has tried to roll out medium- and low-end products like Qingdao and Qingdao ice, but the middle- and low-end product-channel advantage has led to a downward of Qingdao's beer.
It is more difficult to expand, and the roll-out of high-end products such as August (2010), Hong Xinhai (2013) has been somewhat less than Bwa and missed opportunities. Figure 19: High-end and mass goods ratio (thousands of litres)
Figure 20: Main brand sales of beverages (thousands of litres) We believe that future beverages will continue to be committed to the high-end of the main brand, Qingdao. With the introduction of August, the pureness of the Qingdao and the first class, Qingdao beer fills its super-high-end void, and now the company is accelerating its efforts to listen to beer and refined products.
For side cards, companies need to streamline the positioning and differentiation of brands, allocate resources rationally, and plan for synergetic development. (ii) Channels: “big clients + micro” flatten intensive distribution channels, with some market segments divided.
In 2005, the barbers started testing the water-rich customer system in South China, where they gave large distributors substantial support (low product bottom prices, product customization services, personnel assistance, etc.), while large customers assured companies of a certain amount of sales and profits. Large customers worked well in the early stages of market expansion, and (1) big customers took ownership of mainstream customers and business capital in the region and could boost the growth of other companies.
Barriers to entry; (2) large customers have local governments and connections, run markets for many years, and are familiar with local operations; (3) market development and regulation are controlled by large customers who can effectively reduce market costs, etc. Large customers play a key role in the pre-exploitation period, making maximum use of target market distributor resources and completing the opening of new markets.
Table 4: The success of the big customer system since 2000 was due to the fact that part of the market had not fully entered the buyer’s market and the competition was not as strong as it was. Now, the big beer companies are emphasizing the penetration of the terminals, and if the green market area is in, the competitive brands are more mature, and they're looking for it.
A large customer sells a bottle of beer on his own, while the large customer system weakens its control over the end, reduces direct communication with consumers, and when the industry moves to the buyer’s market, it does not respond to changes in the end consumption as well as competitors. Beginning in 2012, it proposes to deepen the market distribution network, increase control over the end customer, and continuously upgrade the region.
Market distribution capacity, opening up a pattern of large-scale customers moving to intensive distribution, continued to emphasize the importance of communication with consumers in 2013, and companies offered to develop a sophisticated base market in Shandong in 2014, as well as a growth-oriented market push. The grasshoppers are trying to weaken the influence of large-scale households on deep distribution through channels, securing out-of-market markets in Shandong, Shanxi, and expanding regional markets that have not yet been well defined.
Land market construction, precision, end-user control, big, growing markets.
Continue to promote the construction of base markets and factories in the provinces.
Hua Yu has a market share of more than 50% in the provinces of Liao Ning, Tianjin, Shanxi, and Guizhou and Sichuan in the northwest of China, as well as in the provinces of Anhui, Zhejiang and Jiangsu in the southwest of China. By taking over Harbin and Szejin, Bwai has taken over the Northeast and Fujian markets, and its dominant brands are catching up on the island's beer in Guangdong market, while the greens are closing in Shandong and Xiaoxi.
The competitive advantage over the leading market is also evident in Shanghai, but Yanjing has an absolute advantage in Beijing, Ninomong, and Guangxi, where Huixi has a beer factory in Jiangxi and Fuku: another foreign investor, Kassab, relies on Chongqing's beer platform for the central and western regions, and has achieved good results. While most regions are now largely divided, there are still Henan, Hebei, Hunan, Guang.
Markets such as East and Jiangxi can compete. Since middle-end product markets do not have absolute advantages like high-end Budweisers and low-end Huayuns, there is still room for empty price bands to fill in some already highly concentrated regions, and there is still room for expansion in others while consolidating their niche markets.
(iii) Two-wheel drive: recovery of income and performance, with room for continued cost compression
After a consecutive downturn, positive growth recovered for the first time. In 2018, part of the fall in revenue was lower, with billions of yuan, +21/+12.6 per cent, respectively, as a result of adjustments in accounting policies. The increase in raw materials and package prices increased, the Māori rate increased in 2017 by the same rate as at 1 ppt, and the South China market continued to experience a decline in revenues as a result of the shock of its major competitor, Bwa.
+0.76%, of which Qingdao's main brand sales are equal to +3.97%/income to +2.67%, and other brands such as Yooshan are equal to ~2.12%/income to 1.66%.
Figure 30: Levels of aluminum Maori rates by region . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Raw materials account for about 65% of Aoshima's beer costs, labour costs are about 5-6%, and manufacturing costs have risen in recent years to around 20%: 17-year-old Aoshima's direct raw materials costs are about 10 ppt higher than Yinjing's beer, mainly because Aoshima's beer uses secondary fermentation methods, low alcohol rates and long hours lead to a higher share of direct materials in the cost of beer and future Maori.
At the cost-side, the sales cost of brooms is slightly higher than that of other firms in the same industry, and in 2017 the advertising cost was 2.8 per cent/1.9 per cent/4.5 per cent of the proceeds of brussels/stamps, and slightly higher than the price of brooms, but less than the weight of those devoted to the development of high-end products;
Promotion costs accounted for 4.9 per cent/1.5 per cent/heavy 1.6 per cent of the proceeds of breeches/pee beverages, far more than other competitors Promotion costs of breeches, 2017-year-old beaks explicitly propose optimized cost inputs, strictly regulate the use, write-off and payment process, enhance market field verification, improve efficiency in marketing effectiveness management and marketing efficiency, 2017 Promotion costs equal to -1.8 ppt, 2018
The annual implementation of the new guidelines resulted in a reduction in the revenue from promotion fees, which were no longer reflected in the cost, with the ratio of promotion fees to 16.7 per cent in 2018, representing a significant share of income compared to -0.97 ppt. However, there is room for a further decline compared to other enterprises in the industry.
As a result of this high level, there is scope for a reduction in staff costs as the reform of the mechanism moves forward.
According to the 2019 bipartite government report, the value added tax (VAT) rate for industries such as manufacturing was revised downward from 16 per cent to 13 per cent as of 1 April 2019, a sharper adjustment that would make the beer industry more profitable and less profitable, and is expected to push up the company ' s 19-year net interest rate.
(1) Determining that a reduction in the value added tax would facilitate a reduction in the surcharge on education costs, thereby contributing to a reduction in the overall tax and an increase in the surcharge of income tax. 10,000 yuan, less the tax and the additional reduction, would increase the net return profit of the company by 1.92 million yuan. (2) Unsure that a downward adjustment in the value added tax rate would promote an increase in income and a reduction in costs, thereby contributing to an increase in the overall profit.
When the division has absolute bargaining power up and down, the company increases the overall profit by obtaining the full difference between the sales tax and the reduction in the entry tax; when the company is completely unnegotiable up and down, the total difference between the sales tax/income tax reduction is lower/upstream. According to the above analysis, when the value added tax is reduced, the added value of the company ' s profits = after income tax and the additional reduction + deduction
The value added of income after income tax plus cost reduction (values are proportional to the company ' s bargaining power downstream of the industrial chain). Based on the annual report 2018 data, the income end: the value added tax was adjusted to $26,575 million in corporate statements, including value added tax (VAT) taxes amounting to $3.547 billion, and the revenue is changed accordingly if the company does not reduce prices (absolute bargaining power over downstream customers).
30,827-35.47 = $27,280 million, an increase of $705 million; Cost end: value added tax (VAT) was adjusted from 16 per cent to 13 per cent for direct materials in the company prior to the adjustment of the value added tax (VAT)
It should become 96.75+12.58 = $10.93 billion, a decrease of $290 million; so, when the company has absolute bargaining power, the profits increase, and we ultimately assume that the company’s bargaining power upstream/downstream allows the company to obtain 30 per cent of the change in sales/intake taxes.
Table 9: Profit elasticity 0.12% (in millions of yuan, based on the 2018 annual report) when the company is completely undealed. Table 10: Assuming that the company ' s bargaining power upstream/downstream allows the company to obtain 30% of the change in sales/income taxes, the profit elasticity is 1% (simple (v) international entry equity, management changes to promote business improvements within the company
In June 2018, the company’s 8th Board of Directors was replaced by the election of Mr. Wong Kheing as Chairman of the company’s 9th Board of Directors, and the appointment of Yan Wei as President of the company and also as President of the manufacturing industry. The new Chairman of the Board, Mr. Wong Khein, has extensive experience in the strategic development, investment management and marketing of the beer industry, has long-term business development and has an in-depth study on the development of the beer industry.
From past experience, the new management has been open-minded and productive. This change in management, we believe, reflects a change in government attitude towards state-owned enterprises with heavy assets, and it is expected that the new management will continue to recommend changes in the company’s internal operations.
At the end of the year, 18% of the stock held by the company was transferred to SRI as a financial investor, pursuing profits, and contributing to the efficiency of the company. On 14 June 2018, the company signed the Strategic Cooperation Framework with SRI.
The two sides will cooperate in depth in four areas: (1) marketing and branding. The ecosystem of Restar International and its global investment firms is rich in strategic resources. Restar International will actively promote the full interface of hotels, catering operations and companies under its banner and improve the penetration of corporate channels.
In many ways, it accelerates the growth of firms’ markets and business development. (2) Innovative and internationalized operations expand.
(c) Incentive innovation. Companies and Restar International attach great importance to the important role of staff, management and core teams in corporate development, taking into account the commitment of major shareholders to promote long-term incentives for the management of listed companies by the end of June 2020, while taking advantage of good market experience, actively advocating for improved corporate incentives, creating multiple incentives, and constantly stimulating business dynamics.
Distribute the dividends of the reforms. Make the management team fully aligned with the corporate and shareholder interests, lay a solid team base for the company’s continued development, and provide incentives for the industry to grow up and join the industry’s top talent. (4) Best practice cooperation. Both sides will try to manage the industry through, for example, exchange of professional visits and joint working groups.
Best practices in investment management are shared, and we believe that companies will be expected to achieve sustainable and higher-quality development with the help of the resources of Restar International in the areas of mixed ownership reform, internationalization, strategic investment and industrial operations and the use of households.
The overall valuation of the beer plate is 47.76 times higher than that of the industry, and given the expectation that the company's internal structural efficiency will continue to be optimized, it is expected that future corporate performance will grow faster than the industry average and that the valuation will have the potential for further decline.
The company ' s financial statement projections are summarized in Jing, Beijing University, Bachelor of Economics and Master of Science. In 2011, he entered the securities industry and is now in charge of food beverages and agricultural orientation studies at the Institute of Human Security, Xuyang, research assistant in the food and beverages industry and master of finance.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.