During the evening of 23 April 2018, the company issued a performance report for 2018q1: operating income of $533 million, an increase of 20.29 per cent over the previous year, and net profit of 57.3545 million over the same period, an increase of 35.75 per cent over the same period.
The company's 2018q1 operations are well under way, with capital market operations growing by 13.13 per cent over the year, banking by 28.26 per cent over the year and Internet by 66.22 per cent, and net profit returns of 57.3545 million yuan, an increase of 35.57 per cent over the same period. The Maori rate is 94.46 per cent for a single season, and companies continue to increase their investment in research and development.
18% increase in the same year, 23% increase in the same year in business cash inflows, and good corporate performance.
There are high market rates in the financial systems, as well as in the financial institutions, etc.; corporate brands are more influential, more sticky users and more and more investment in R&D. Corporate core products, such as bond dealers ' core trading systems, investment management systems, ta systems, etc., continue to have market rates.
The company’s innovation business is growing rapidly, cloud technology services are developing smoothly, and multiple artificial intelligence products are on the ground. • Emerging technologies accelerate financial technological change, and new asset rules are expected to boost the demand for it.
In terms of technology, mobile Internet technology has become widely available, and new and emerging technologies such as big data analysis, cloud computing, human intelligence, block chains, etc. have contributed to and intensified financial change. Technological innovation has led to a deeper integration of financial technology with the financial industry, which will provide more development opportunities for financial science and technology.
There is still a significant impact on the financial science and technology sector, and the new asset code may create new int products or systems to transform the demand.
Risk control and prevention, and hence increased demand for IT products in terms of risk management and compliance, while the growing scope and functionality of regulation also led to regulatory demand for regulatory technology in its own right.
"Acquisition of 51% of Hong Kong ' s equity deals, widening Hong Kong ' s Acquest" 2017-10 "H1 Bank revenues increased by 31.65%, ai and block chain product "