Merchant Bank (600036): Large wealth management steady progress, with continued strong growth in revenue Incident: 22 October, when the Caller Bank published its three-quarter report for 2021, the first three quarters of which were made available prior to collection/requirement
The Merchant Bank is the first commercial bank in the country to be fully owned by business law holders, and the country's first pilot bank to promote banking reform outside the system.
High profitability is what was expected, with a sustained strong growth in the middle harvest. The company's net gain of the first three quarters was 22%, in line with the transformational goal of building “light banks” and achieving our expectations. Overall, the higher middle-income boost sustained faster growth and reduced the build-up rate.
“Quality, efficiency, scale” dynamic and balanced development, with operations contributing significantly to higher profitability.
At the income end, the growth of net interest income has declined steadily somewhat, as a result of the slowdown in scale; and there has been a notable deepening of consolidation. Yes, the performance of companies continues to be bright, driven mainly by a large wealth-management value-cycle chain.
Retention revenue increased by 19.7 per cent over the same period, accounting for 30 per cent of revenue. Of this, more than 50 per cent, or 25 per cent, of revenue from fees related to wealth management operations (wealth management, asset management, hosting) were received at the same rate.
At the end of the expenditure line, the full-calibre provision has been reduced. The credit provision has decreased rather than the impairment loss of assets in the credit class.
In response to interest-rate pressures, the company has been actively structured, and the asset-side is driving credit card operations.
Restoring growth and accelerating the release of high-yield assets such as personal consumption loans, micro-enterprise loans, etc.; controlling the cost of liabilities and maintaining a better growth and stability of current deposits. Average balance of current deposits in the previous three quarters as a percentage of the average daily balance of total deposits was 64.6%, an increase of 5.8 pct compared to the same year, resulting in a higher cost of leverage deposits.
The impact of exposure to credit risk for some housing enterprises is manageable. The value of corporate non-performing loans and the ratio ratio have continued to decline.
More careful attention has been given to credit classification criteria (29bp to 1.21% increase in the retail interest loan ratio); given the continued strictness of corporate risk control, the previous three quarters had a negative annual rate of production of only 0.95%, a decrease of 36bp, and we do not expect any stress to be generated by poor follow-up.
Real estate-type loans are subject to exposure to credit risk in some housing enterprises, with a negative rate of 1.06 pct higher than at the end of the previous year. Real estate clients who consider the credit risk of the company are better qualified, mainly for the strategic clients of the branch and for high credit rating clients, which account for 86.7% of the loan balance, we expect.
This is an area of asset quality or control. The strategy has a leading edge, with retail and light banking transitions.
Cartoons, credit cards, sunflower money, private banks, etc., have accumulated high-quality customer resources and developed comparative advantages in the area of retail banking, s14807002. By the end of June, there were 169 million retail clients, compared to the previous year.
7.0 per cent increase; retail aum outperformed 10 trillion, reaching 10.4 trillion dollars, or 16.0 per cent more than at the end of the previous year. Private sector clients reached 117,000 households, an increase of 17.1 per cent compared to the end of the previous year; private sector clients aum aum reached 3.27 trillion, a comparison with tianxy@dxzq.net.cn
The value-cycle chain of large wealth management is expected to optimize corporate profitability. The business of wealth management, with its light capital and weak cyclical attributes, is an important strategic choice for commercial banks to deal with regulatory capital constraints and narrow income differentials, as well as links to social assets and capital.
The model + digital business model + open integration organization model is the core 3.0 model. Full integration of internal and external resources is expected to lead to wealth, capital management, hosting, and investment in-depth collaboration to provide better integrated services to clients. The leading service model is expected to boost aum, fpa, and rapid growth in wealth management.
Financial and technological inputs have been added to the scale, enabling digital transformation. Recruitment has continued to push for a digital transformation and increased financial and technological inputs: $5,055 million in the first half of the year, an increase of 28.89 per cent, representing the same share of revenues as in the first half of the year.
The East’s financial and intellectual boom has played a role in digitizing risk control and so on. At the same time, recruitment has strengthened sophisticated management and increased cost efficiency, with cost revenue falling by 27.95% in the first half of the year.
Investment recommendations: 3-quarterly performance of the comptoir bank, with a steady advance in the strategy of large wealth management, leading to aum and associated revenue increases; exposure to credit risks for some housing enterprises is manageable and adequate for their full-calibre allocation. We expect the net profit to be attributable to ordinary stockholders in 2021/2022 to increase on a year-on-year basis.
The value-cycle chain continues to function, financial science and technology inputs are added, business models, business models, organizational models are taken into account. Figure 1: A 22.2 per cent increase in net profit per year for a 3q21 bank. Figure 2: A 21.1 per cent increase in net profit per year for a 3q21 quarter for a commercial bank.
Figure 3: Merchant Bank performance split by 1h21 and 3q21
Figure 7: Recruitment coverage of 443.14 per cent at the end of September, an increase of 5.46 pct Source of Eastern Finance and Sense (600036).
I've been in the banking industry for years, and I've been in the gold, sea and skywind banking industry.
You will not have any part of your salary that has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports the Breathing Bank (600036): The management of the great fortunes is advancing steadily, and the middle harvest continues to grow strongly.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.