Bank of Merchants (600036): 3-quarter review in 2021.
Events: Bank of Merchants accumulated operating income of $251.410 billion in the first three quarters of 2021, an increase of 13.54 per cent in the same year; Mothers ' net profit of $936.15 billion, an increase of 22.2 per cent in the same year; end-of-period total assets of $89.2 million in performance: non-interest boosted total income growth and credit impairment guaranteed high profit growth.
In the first three quarters of the year, revenue growth was 13.5% higher than in the previous quarter, and in the middle of the year, the same rate of growth for large banks generally fell to a single-digit environment, where corporate income levels were sufficiently bright, mainly because of the strong middle-income interest income + the relatively stable net interest differential. Credit impairments remained low, pushing.
▪ Assets & Liabilities: Retail Loans were released faster and the business end was still dominated by notes. Total loans grew by 2.2% ring in the third quarter, compared to 9.4% at the beginning of the period.
Business demand is still weak, with only paper deposits increasing. According to the Bank’s detailed data, zero loans were sold for consumer loans, 5.2% for credit cards in the third quarter, 5.4% for credit cards, and 4bp for the second quarter. We believe that net interest differentials and lending pricing are moving in line with market forecasts.
This year, the level of interest rates on new loans issued by the silver sector has remained low.  Non-interest income: strong performance in wealth management has supported higher growth.
Net revenue from fees increased by 19.7 per cent over the previous three quarters, and the rate of increase continues to be a significant preponderant advance in comparable retail banking. The volatility of the performance of different investment products at different stages and the ownership of the entire asset allocation system and philosophy by the hiring banks have led to a mixed growth at the income side.
▪ Quality of assets: maintaining historical best and real estate risk-free. 443.14 per cent, mainly as a result of: 1 actual new generation of non-performing loan rates (hectares) maintaining a good level of 0.95 per cent for three consecutive quarters; 2 increased efforts to dispose of poor assets, first three
Year after year: The quality of assets is re-emerged into profit predictions and investment ratings: this year, Merchant Banks show the absolute power of the wealth management poles, and “big wealth management” drives strong growth in middle and high, closing the gap with comparable retail banks.
Yearly report: Performance through the cycle, quoted, third-quarter insurance sales, financial sales, asset management panels showing up, capitalizing on Morgan's assets, increasing the bank's position in Taiwan.
Eye. In terms of asset quality, the negative rate has fallen to a new low since 2014/03, and the increase in the category of loans of concern is due to regulatory adjustment of credit card defaults, and real estate risks to the public domain are fully manageable. We, the long-term value of commercial banks, focus on recommending and maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
Shortening of income; 3) Continued low demand for credit finance.1 Performance: non-interest boosted total income growth and credit impairment guaranteed high profit growth. Non-interest boosted total income grew faster. Income increased 13.5% per year in the first three quarters, corresponding to the same quarter in the third quarter
At a rate of 13.1%, in the middle of this year, in an environment in which the growth rate of large banks has generally dropped to single digits, the firm’s revenue ends are sufficiently bright, largely because of the strong non-interest-earning-income strength of middle-income countries and the relative stability of net interest differentials. On the structural side, net non-interest income has remained at a 22.2% higher level than the same rate of net profit for mothers, slightly higher than market expectations.
2. Assets & Liabilities: Retail Loans are fast-disbursing, and businesses are still predominantly paper-based. Still weak, only paper-based investments are increasing. According to the Bank’s detailed data, consumer loans in retail loans grew by 9.2%, credit cards by 5.4% in the third quarter, and credit cards expanded rapidly for two consecutive quarters, with the highest weight of mortgage loans.
The loan yield rate continues to fall slightly. The accumulated net interest gap of 2.48 per cent in the previous three quarters was 1 bp lower than the average, of which 4.68 per cent was recorded in the previous three quarters, 3 bp lower than in the first half, 4.64 per cent in the third quarter, and the ring was the second.
Redo lowers 4bp. We believe that the trend in net interest spreads and loan pricing is consistent with market expectations, because the sharp downward adjustment of lpr last year still has a certain degree of cumulative effect, and the level of interest rates on new loans granted by the banking sector this year is still at a small low level. And, above all, the risk preferences of merchant banks, which in the current environment are difficult to recover.
Debt costs have recovered slightly, but the advantage is strong. Although the third quarter cost ratios of deposit rates and interest-bearing liabilities have been compared to the second quarter, respectively.
4bp, 2bp, but with the overall trend this year, savings cost control has been effective. The first three quarters cost of the debt was 1.59%, a decrease of 17bp from last year, thanks mainly to a significant increase in the share of current deposits since last quarter. We ruled that the increase in current deposits was due to the large retail aum deposition, and now the retailing of the merchant banks aum has reached 10 trillion.
The margin, which continues to grow robustly, will continue its future structural advantage. Moreover, a reduction in interest rates can still be expected in 2022, largely as a result of this year’s landing of a fixed-term deposit rate pricing cap, which is expected to have a positive impact on the bank’s future stock and costs.
4. Non-interest income: The strong performance of wealth management underpins high growth, and there is a mixed growth at the income level, given the volatility of the performance of different investment products at different stages of the market pattern, and the conglomerates of banks with systems and concepts of full asset allocation.
Surrogate insurance, surrogate finance, and asset management are on the rise. For the first three quarters, 29,674 million yuan in wealth management fees and commission revenues were increased by 25.8% over the same period; 7,853 million yuan in asset management fees and commissions were increased by 45.3% over the same period, with a high increase in care charges, with “big wealth management” becoming the middle of the net.
In our judgement, the increase in insurance benefits from a strong marketing of guaranteed products (which has seen a fall in premiums this year but a significant increase in revenues) and the creation of an open wealth platform (the quality of other banks' money management products can also be sold at a marketable bank, etc.).
5. Quality of assets: historical asset quality best and real estate risk safe. Real poor new generation rates continue to be low. The end-of-the-life failure rate for banks declined to 0.93 per cent (newly low since 2014/03) and the provision for coverage ring rose to 443.14 per cent, mainly as a result of: 1 actual generation of three consecutive non-performing loan rates (the line calibre)
Quarterly excellence of 0.95 per cent and dynamically high asset quality;2 further intensified disposal of poor quality in the third quarter The increase in loan types of concern stemmed from credit card default adjustments. The ratio of loan types of concern rose by 12 bp to 0.82 per cent in late September, and the value of loan types of concern increased by $7.377 billion from the end of June, the most volatile item in the asset quality indicator system.
Quarterly reports reveal that this is mainly due to regulatory requirements to “advanced credit card lending from the next bill to the current bill's repayment deadline” and fluctuations due to indicator calculator adjustments. However, we believe that it is normal to take into account the recurrence of the three-quarters epidemic and the weak economic growth and small fluctuations in the asset quality of retail consumer finance, which are currently very limited.
Real estate risk exposures and asset quality are robust. In three quarters, merchant banks disclose real estate versus public business on a full-calibre basis: as of the end of September, real estate with a real-cost group credit, investment in own-account bonds, investment in own-account non-standard investments, etc.
The total public operating balance is $52,392 million, of which $358,874 million, or 6.93 per cent, is for public loans. In addition, the total non-creditable business balance is $47,881.17 million for group finance, loan commissioning, on behalf of partner institutions, debt financing instruments, etc. Real estate versus public non-performing loans, up from 1.29 per cent at the end of the year.
Profit predictions and investment ratings: this year, the Merchant Banks demonstrated the absolute power of the wealth management poles, and the “big wealth management” boosted strong and high growth in the middle, bridging the gap with comparable retail banks. We believe that the central highlight is their rich and diverse product systems. In terms of asset quality, the negative rate has fallen to a new low since 2014/03, and the rise in the focus category of lending stems from regulatory adjustments.
At the point when credit cards are overrated, real estate risks to the public domain are completely manageable. We expect the company to increase its profits by 2021-2023 in the long term, with an emphasis on recommending and maintaining a “buy-in” rating.