Summary: Merchant Bank net profit of 93.62 billion in the first three quarters of 2021, an increase of 22.2 per cent over the same period, increased by the same level of performance in terms of size, provision and median contribution, with a generally flat margin and a slight increase in three quarters. Net interest income increased by 8.7 per cent over the same period, net fees increased by 19.7 per cent over the same period, and revenue grew by 13.5 per cent over the same period.
Assets grew by 6.7 per cent, loans by 9.4 per cent, deposits by 6.8 per cent at the beginning of the year, bankers continued to report a negative 0.93 per cent, third-quarterly high performance and excellent reporting quality. Companies continued to recover, net interest differentials remained stable, fees increased rapidly and asset quality continued.
Improvements, high credit and non-lending have increased significantly, and business efficiency has increased. The number of clients and the number of customers aum have been growing faster.
Sex, reflecting firm customer base and customer ability, leading wealth management capacity, high asset liability position, competitive advantage is further highlighted as corporate strategies for a two-cycle wealth value chain move forward, and the public sector may have developed business logic that differs from that of its counterparts.
▪ It is a matter of concern that this three-quarters report also discloses all real estate exposures, both inside and outside the company's watch, to address market concerns with the accumulation of extreme information, and that real estate risks can be controlled, and the proportion of real estate can be reduced in the future or gradually. This is a decline of 3bp, or still a leader in the industry.
The highest levels of excellence, in the context of the continuing volatility of the external environment, remain stable and superior to their counterparts, with differentials in their control performance, reflecting a firm client base, a strong asset liability profile, and, more importantly, a business logic that may be different from that of their counterparts.
In the first three quarters, wealth management and settlement fees were slightly lower, asset management and bank speed. In the first three quarters, wealth management fees increased by 25.8 per cent compared to the previous quarter, still rising rapidly.
In the first three quarters, losses on impairment of assets were similar to those in "Bookers: high wealth income, rising current share continues to rise/per cent, and losses on impairment of loans fall by the same percentage per 2 per cent. In the first three quarters, losses on impairment of loans were $11.2 billion.
Merchant Banks: Roe Upgraded, Best Basics Supported 17.6 billion a season. Loan provision coverage is 443%, and it continues to rise.
The economy went down and the quality of assets deteriorated beyond expectations.
Summary: Recruiting banks returned 93.62 billion net profits to their mothers in the first three quarters of 2021, an increase of 22.2 per cent over the same period of 22.2 per cent; performance increased by a smooth margin of interest and a slight increase in the three quarters. Net interest income increased by 8.7 per cent over the same period, net fee income increased by 19.7 per cent over the same period, operating income increased by 13.5 per cent over the same period, total assets grew by 6.6 per cent over the beginning of the year, loans grew by 9.4 per cent over the beginning of the year, and deposits grew by 6.8 per cent.
0.93 per cent, provision coverage of 433 per cent, core-level capital adequacy rate of 12.31 per cent. Recruiting banks continue to record high performance and excellent quality of statements in three quarters. Corporate profitability continues to pick up, net interest differentials continue to be maintained at a steady pace, high transaction costs continue to increase rapidly, asset quality continues to improve, credit provision is high, non-lending is significantly improved and operational efficiency is improved
The number of company clients and the number of customers aum have been growing faster. On an absolute scale, the company has achieved excellent profitability, growth and stability, reflecting firm customer base and customer ability, leading wealth management, high asset liability, and the company’s two-cycle wealth value chain.
It is a matter of concern that this quarterly report also discloses the full range of real estate exposures, both inside and outside the company's surface, and the level of disclosure, indicating that risks can be controlled and that the future or further decrease in net interest differentials, i.e., the continued smoothness of the firm's well-established customer base, the ability of good asset liabilities, and the business logic of the company.
The company’s net interest differentials, the cost of deposits, are at the best in large and medium-sized banks and, in the context of the continued volatility of the external environment, remains stable and has the lowest interest rate, with 17 bp below the same line, and the cost of deposits is better controlled.
The same scale of increase was equal to the medium-term, with loans on deposit increasing at the same rate. Interest-bearing assets in the first three quarters slowed down the same rate of growth in the previous three quarters, while double-digit growth was maintained in the first three quarters. In the medium-term, wealth management and settlement fees were slightly slower and asset management and bank cards increased faster than in the same period. Specifically, the first three quarters saw 29.674 billion yuan in wealth management fees and commission revenues, a 25.8 per cent increase in the same period.
Keeps up with faster growth, with a slight increase in insurance, treasury sales, funds and trusts, a steady improvement in the Fund/Insurance/Trust/Trust Management ratio, and a significant improvement in the quality of non-lending assets. The negative rate is 0.93 per cent, a decrease of 8bp from the previous quarter, and the balance of non-performing loans is 6 per cent from the previous quarter.
And in the medium term, the public sector has seen a negative rise in real estate and mining alone, with zero sales loans as a share of other categories of bad loans. The previous three quarters of corporate announcements (bank caliber): $35,198 million in new non-performing loans, a decrease of $8,258 million; and 0.95% of non-performing loan generation (annual), a decline of 0.36 million compared to the first half of the year.
The balance of loans of concern is 45.32 billion yuan, up from 0.82 per cent, and the statement indicates the point of expiry of credit card loans due from the regulatory adjustment, which is the reason for the advance from the next bill date to the current bill repayment date, which is expected to increase relatively over the medium term within 90 days. There is a significant increase in non-lending provisions and a high loan provision stock. The loss of impairment of assets in the previous three quarters was increased by 7 per cent and the loss of impairment of loans was reduced by 7 per cent.
5. Sustained recovery in profitability and capital advantage continue to be highlighted; Publicizing real estate exposures, addressing market concerns with positive disclosure, and property exposure risks can be controlled and future or decreasing in proportion. (1) Three-quarterly reporting companies announce full access to real estate, having access to credit, investments in own-account bonds, self-employed non-target investments, etc.
The total operating balance of the insurance is $52,392 million, of which $358,874 million, or 6.93 per cent, of the loan balance for public real estate, is invested mainly in high-quality strategic clients; the total of $4,78,817 million in operating balances that do not carry credit risk, such as finance, loan commissioning, debt-financing instruments administered by cooperating agencies, etc.
The risk real estate business client structure remained good, with a high credit rating client balance of 86.74 per cent and a total branch real estate strategic client balance of 64.78 per cent. 29.15 per cent, a 0.8 percentage point decline in comparison, is related to the digitization and fine-tuning of corporate operations.
Lower economic performance leads to a deterioration in asset quality. Banks are more relevant as a pro-cyclical industry, corporate business development, and economic development.