The net income gap is stable and the wealth management business continues to grow.
The performance was robust, with both revenue and net gains remaining at double-digit growth in January-September 2021, and the company achieved a one-latitude growth of 19.87% on a year-on-year basis. A number of operations continued to grow rapidly, and credit impairments recovered but were concentrated in non-profits.
Credit areas to enhance risk offset capacity, with limited impact on performance, with a number of factors leading to a double-digit increase in corporate overall revenue and net gains. Nim ring ratio rebounded, retail lending increased, and end-of-service cost advantage increased in January-September 2021.
The decrease of 3bp. is mainly due to the cumulative effect of several downward adjustments in the previous year ' s lpr, with the loan yield falling the same year; the net interest rate of 2.47 per cent for the q3 quarter, with an increase in the ring by one base point, mainly benefiting from credit card loans, faster growth, lower reserve rates, and optimal interest-bearing asset structure.
Longer, credit cards, consumer loans and micro-credit drive a further increase in retail lending. In January-September 2021, the parent bank had a loan and advance balance of $5.18 trillion, an increase of 9.46 per cent compared to the beginning of the year; of that, the balance for public loans and retail loans had increased by 3.23 per cent and 9.9 per cent, respectively, compared to the beginning of the year, representing 35.07 per cent and 35.07 per cent of the total loan balance.
In January-September 2021, the company achieved net non-interest income of $10.772 billion, an increase of 21.57 per cent in the same year and a share of operating income of 40.08 per cent, and by the end of September, the parent bank managed retail customers aum.37 trillion, an increase of 16.02 per cent over the end of the previous year;
Auum 53 trillion from the previous year's end, 16.11 per cent from the end of the year and 82.21 per cent from the end-of-the-year management of auum; management of private bank customers, auum 3.27 trillion from the end of the year.
Step-by-step expansion, optimized structure, debt end-of-life deposits outnumbering more than 60%, with significant cost advantages; asset quality is excellent, with provision coverage at the highest industry level; companies actively promote the transformation of light banks, building financial sections, technology banks, building chains of large wealth management values, and differential competitive advantages are further enhanced.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.