Business and Industry Bank (601398): Further growth in size Reason for reporting: Performance rating. General lending investment slowed significantly due to weak demand and dilution of scale orientation. q2 end of year, total assets of the Bank grew on a year-on-year basis
7.89 per cent to 47.12 trillion yuan, with a significant slowdown in the growth rate compared to the end of q1 (as shown in figure 1), and a significant retreat in relative industry leadership, mainly due to two factors: on the one hand, the slowdown in demand and the scale of de-escalation, a further significant slowdown in credit for q2 large banks, including the industry, and a significant decrease in q2 workers ' general public loans and a net decrease in the size of individual loans (as shown in figure 2);
On the other hand, the q1 buy-back asset overseasons contributed more to scale growth, and the q2 factor was eliminated. q2, although there was a significant increase in general lending, there was a significant increase in bill discounts over the same period (vsq1 credit placement pressure is low and bill discounts are more than equal), reflecting the firm’s initiative to increase the collection of tickets to keep credit stable in a context of weak demand.
As a result of “crowding,” there has been a marked decline in the rate of savings. Experience in previous years has shown that corporate stock collections have been concentrated on q1 and q2, but the ring ratio has increased despite the slowdown in the q2 stock.
There are two main reasons for the decline: on the one hand, because the deposit comes with the credit, and on the other hand, because the headlines of the industry are more affected by the financial squeeze. Since q3, the squeezing has affected the base, and it is expected that the company’s savings will increase at a moderate rate.
The degree of maturity increases with the industry, reflecting the fact that the financial cycle between the individual and the enterprise sector is still blocked against a background of weaker demand. At the deceleration of the population, the interest-rate differential is markedly narrower - the rate of interest on assets is still lower, and the effect of interest reduction on deposits is evident.
The decrease of 29bp (as shown in figure 5) is equal to q1. The q2 rate of interest was measured at 3.13 per cent, a decline of about 31bp over the same period, owing to the decline in lpr and the continuing downward impact of interest rates on housing loans, on the one hand, and the recent government debt issuing power, the emergence of geese, the solid quality of assets - the company.
Larger, lower interest rate and higher share of low bond in the bond portfolio. On the marginal side, the q2 interest rate has been reduced by more than q1 and is higher than expected, mainly due to changes in the structure of interest-bearing assets: as a result of a marked slowdown in loan lending, the ratio of bonds (lower rate of return) to interest-bearing assets has increased and the ratio of loans (higher rate of return) has declined.
1.96% of the year-on-year ratio has shifted from an increase to a decline, mainly as a result of the effect of multi-wheel deposit reduction and the management of the “manually replenished” interest rate (the first half point is that the effect of interest reduction on q3 deposits this year and q1 deposits next year will be more pronounced, but periodicization will intensify or offset some of the effects. Taken together, improvements in deposit rates are expected to cover a greater degree of downward pressure on assets, with year-on-year interest differential pressures expected to subside.
Income from intermediate operations continues to decline as a result of policies and market factors. Thanks to such factors as fee reduction policies, weak capital market performance, and low consumer spending, workers’ wealth management, asset management, guaranteed commitment income, bank cards and the ratio continued to fall significantly in the first half of the year (see figure 6), and delays in fees and commissions are more pronounced.
In July-August, the capital market remained relatively low, pointing to moderate or continuing pressure. But the credit risk in the second half of the year was higher than that of a loan.
q2 end-of-life non-performing loan rate of 1.35% and ring ratio-1bp, the lowest level in recent years (figure 7). No increase, in line with industry trends, reflects macro-level pressures. By industry, the credit risk of major individual loans, such as housing loans, consumer loans, credit cards and loans, has increased (figure 8), in line with the current employment and income situation of the population.
Conformity. Current upward trends in risk in the residential sector are more pronounced, but the risk of individual lending is expected to be manageable due to very low concentration. The quality of public loan assets remains stable, with a decline in poor concentration rates in manufacturing, rental and commercial services, real estate, wholesale retail, etc. (Figure 9).
Good, poor identification, and disposal remain prudent, and the overall asset quality of the industry is expected to remain stable. Profit forecasting and investment proposals: q2 bank loans are slower, asset interest rates and revenue from wealth management operations are slower, sound operations are achieved in the camp environment, and the current valuation is at a historically low level, maintaining an “uptake” rating.
Figure 22,024q2 Increases in average and net decreases in individual loans by business banking companies, and increases in bill discounts by year, in billions of yuan, in millions of dollars, in terms of squeezing, in terms of the rate of growth and decline of business bank deposits, which is significantly greater than m2, in units of total deposits, in billions of yuan, in the first half of the year, in terms of the percentage of individual fixed-term deposits by business banks.
Figure 52024q2 Business Banks down by single-quarter interest margin, with a further sharper decline over the same period. Figure 7 Business Banks down by a steady rate, with an increase in concern and overdue rates. Figure 82024 Business Banks up by category in the first half of the year.
Figure 9 shows a steady decline in the negative rates for the four major negative concentration sectors in the public sector. Appendix: Three forecast volumes of statements, using data information on legal compliance, careful presentation of findings and independent and objective presentation of the present report.
There is no direct or indirect relationship between the specific recommendations or views expressed in this report. Reflecting the personal analysis and judgement of the researcher at the time of the presentation of this report, and not representing the position of East Sea Securities Co. Ltd. or any of its affiliates or affiliates, the company may issue other reports that are inconsistent with the information contained in this report and that have different conclusions.
Reports and review articles. Where permitted by law, the company’s associated institutions may hold and trade securities issued by the companies covered in the report and may be providing or seeking to raise them.