New business is invested to suppress short-term profits, Internet security taps are re-starting on 25/04/04/2022, with Internet taps with "net security" properties built. Companies are built with core security capabilities driven by technology.
\triangleright Safety Products and Services System is a carrier and a secure Internet ecosystem based on commercialization.
“Safe products + commercialized realization” brings income, user base, and three-dimensional increases in flow entrances. Internet safety products are the main vehicles that companies serve for a wide range of Internet users, and companies have accumulated a wealth of market experience and data on end safety with free safe products; based on safe products, they continue to grow.
Information acquisition products, including 360 navigations, 360 searches, and Internet-based properties, represented by information flow products, have been displayed, and government and business security operations have opened up a second robust growth curve.
The whole product is the main vehicle for companies to serve a wide range of Internet users, with companies based on safe products and expanding the scope of their Internet services; using free services as a strategy to attract a large number of users while enhancing the accuracy of their portraits, enhancing user stickyness and the ability of companies to commercialize their services.
Business innovations and transformations are being actively sought, with political and business security as the second growth curve. In 2019, the company launched the Policy and Enterprise Security Strategy 3.0, which cuts across priority cities, priority industries and key infrastructure industries across the country and provides “government and corporate” markets through self-building, investment and M & As.
The 360-Safe Brain provides security for companies, building a four-tier process system for 60 billion stars \triangleright.
In 2022, the company released a national standard safety brain, similar city-to-city maps promoting the speed of coverage of the “city-to-city” brain. According to the company’s winning case, since 2019, the company has been running a business of corporate security.
One billion, or 236 million median, combined with 297 local municipalities in the country, the overall market space is about 60 billion yuan. “Internet security + government security” is driven by two wheels, “basic” adds “high growth.” The Internet industry \triangleright
Given the fact that the company is moving towards a full-scale NetAssad, we believe that the company has the rare “Internet + Net” properties within the industry. When considering the future growth space of the market, we think that there is much room for company growth.
For the first time, a recommended rating is given. \triangleright1 contains the Internet tap with the "net security" properties
The company is the largest Internet and mobile safety products and service providers in the country, and the Internet is free of charge. For more than a decade, the Internet safety industry has developed in three stages:
(b) 2010-2018, focusing on Internet security, with a comprehensive extended application: based on existing Internet security products, companies are focusing on the safety field and are constantly upgrading from ac-oriented to b.g.
End, successful return to a unit in 2018; 2019 to date, Greater Safe Ecology, All-Safeguards: Companies have adopted the new strategic direction of political and business security, with a strong focus on using leading technologies, success stories and big data accumulated in cybersecurity.
In the area of “security”, the framework for the development of a new era of cybersecurity capabilities to deal with new threats to the Internet.
Companies build Internet ecosystems driven by core safety capability technologies, backed by safe products and service systems, and supported by commercialization. Currently, the three main players in the company are security and other operations, Internet commercialization and value-added services, and smart hardware operations, including Internet commercialization and value-added services.
These include, inter alia, Internet advertising and services and Internet value-added services, which account for the highest share of corporate income as the company’s traditional business. Security in the middle of a secure business is a new strategic direction for the company, with a growing revenue share.
Figure 3: Main Camp 3600 business structure “Safe products + commercialized realization” brings income, user base and flow access. Internet security products are the main vehicles that companies serve for a wide range of Internet users, including mainly 360 security guards, 360 security guards.
The company initially provided users with free safety products and accumulated a wealth of market experience and data on end-of-end safety. Based on safe products, the company expanded its access to information products, including 360 navigations, 360 searches, and content products, represented by stream products.
According to the third-party Erie consultation, the market penetration rate of the company's pc product as of 2022q1, with an average monthly penetration rate of 97.70 per cent, remained above 474 million, and the safety market continued to rank first; and the market penetration rate of the pc browser was higher.
86.01%, with an average of 418 million active users per month, the pc end has remained relatively stable as the company’s main position in the commercialization of the Internet. With the number of users, the amount of access and market access, the company has been the country’s first-largest search operation in the market and the pc stream.
On this basis, commercial products and service systems such as Internet advertising and services, games-based Internet value-added services have been developed, linking commercial customers and users efficiently, and promoting the commercialization of flow values.
Securely protected, providing users with a full range of intelligent life solutions. iot-net safety products and services are one of the company’s key business directions, with companies continuously reaching out to spu, sku, focusing on three safety scenarios: home safety, car safety, and child safety, while expanding on home-based cleaning products.
The company is committed to making a market-based product that is widely recognized, and the 360iot smart hardware brand has now been upgraded to a 360-smart life. With the "safe brain of the family" as its core, the company has launched 360 family firewall routers, smart cameras, smart and visual bells, and sweeps the floor.
More than 10 product lines, such as robotics, child watches and CarLogs, cover a wide range of areas such as home safety, life services, e-mail travel, etc.
Internet security products are the main vehicles that companies serve for a wide range of Internet users, with companies based on safe products, Toto.
Widening the scope of the company’s Internet services; using free services as a strategy to improve the accuracy of user drawings at the same time as it attracts a large number of users, enhancing user stickyness and the ability of companies to commercialize their services. Policy + large environmental impact of the Internet advertising market, reduced efficiency of corporate Internet advertising, and market competition
Companies are actively trying to innovate and transform their business, using the political and security pillar as the second growth curve. In 2019, they released a political and security strategy of 3.0 from the country’s priority cities, priority industries and key infrastructure industries.
The company provides high-level security services and products such as threat intelligence surveillance, advanced threat response, physical offensive defence drills, and talent development, using the cyber-security industry base as a vehicle.
"360 Safe Brain" gives the government a safe and comprehensive matrix of products. The company's security business includes several boxing products such as the local safe brain, terminal safety, and safety operations and services. The company has built a safe brain, covering security infrastructure components, credit products, safety management, terminal security, etc.
Security product matrices in the areas of traffic security, cloud safety, car network security, industrial Internet security, saas services, and mobile security. With a network safety industry base, companies provide high-level security for clients through “360 secure brains”, such as threat intelligence monitoring, advanced threat response, combat drills and talent development.
Services and products. The company's safety operations, with the 360 Safe Brain at their core, have adopted a “top-up” business model, and, with the previous high investment, has completed the development of a whole team and structure to carry out security operations for follow-up operations, as shown in figure 5:360.
The four-storey threat response process forms the "360 secure brain" transmission mode. 360 secure brain contains four layers. 1) data collection layer is based on the largest data in the world, the sense of the safe brain. 2) data service level has end-to-end data governance capabilities that provide an efficient signal to the safe brain.
3) The intelligent service level is open to intelligent service systems and platforms, which are the neurons of the safe brain; 4) the multi-dimensional integrated safety application is the command end of the safe brain and ultimately provides the user with the full range of security and solutions.
The 360 security guards and the 360 mobile security guards who have been empowered by the "360 safe brain" have been completely upgraded in terms of their perception, risk warning and safety protection capabilities, as well as their user satisfaction and product activity. At the same time, the data collected at the end of the product has helped the safe brain to learn and optimize itself.
Figure 6: Thirty-six-zero security brain, years of deep-ploughing and exploration of Internet security, brings natural advantages to the security of active companies.
The provision of free and secure products to enterprises has accumulated large amounts of data, a strong user base and effective flow entry points, with a large user base providing a natural advantage for companies to shift their focus from political security to the end of the B; the company has taken advantage of its past experience in focusing on the operational effects of products in the area of Internet security and has spearheaded the formation of a political and business safety panel.
War + Effect is driven by a strategy that responds to the need for cybersecurity to move from formal compliance to actual warfare exercises, focusing on “big safety ecology” and protecting “cyber + physical space” security. Corporate security operations are built on the core security capabilities of the 360 secure brain, further separating the network security service community from the individual.
The area of family life extends to businesses, industries, cities and the State, and is dedicated to addressing the pains that current users are unable to see in the course of cyber-security operations, such as threats and threats, providing effective protection to their clients in the course of their operations, and helping them to effectively improve their protection against cyber-attacks.
In contrast to virtual cyberspace, companies extend cyberspace security to physical space. Based on the “360 safe brain”, companies build the “360 safe city brain” to address safety issues in urban physical space. Using the large data, cloud, artificial intelligence, iot, etc. accumulated in the Internet industry, they combine to build it.
In the area of cybersecurity, the company has a wealth of experience and response capabilities to respond to security threats in the physical space of cities by working with self-research and eco-makers to build holistic solutions to urban safety and expand its early warning disposal capabilities in physical space. In the area of cybersecurity, the company continues to push for greater security.
Under the policy of the "Three Laws One Regulations" of the cybersecurity industry, digitalization has become a priority for governments at all levels and for traditional businesses, with security needs moving from traditional cybersecurity to traditional cyber security.
The company uses the “360 urban safety brain” technology to combine its digital urban operations with the provision of free safety services and saasization services to small and medium-sized enterprises, and the provision of complete digital security capabilities to cities, reducing the costs of digitizing companies in small and medium-sized enterprises and cities. The company uses the “safe brain” as its core.
The One Generation Security Capability Framework, which has been built in Chongqing, Tianjin, Qingjia, crane walls, Shanghai, Su, Zhengzhou and Guizhou, and covers four municipalities, will effectively enhance local capabilities to respond to high-level cyberthreats and the Alliance ' s capabilities to defend against cyber security and address the new challenges it faces in the digitalization process.
In 2021, the company completed the provincial capitals, a single plan city, and a number of large and medium-sized cities. The number of regional clients and the amount of new signatures increased significantly in 2021: the company completed a new contract with nearly 2,000 clients and accumulated client coverage.
More than 90% of central ministries, 80% of central companies, 95% of large financial institutions have worked with millions of small businesses on cybersecurity.
In February 2022, the company’s 360 government security group succeeded in winning the winning bid, the weekly digital city security brain project, with an order of about $400 million to continuously lead the network security project.
In 2022, the company released a national standard safety brain, and similar city-to-city maps will accelerate the rate of coverage of the urban safety brain throughout the country.
Case in point, measuring the future market space for a safe urban brain, since 2019, when the company started its business of political and business security, it's worth a billion, with a median of 236 million and a total of 297 local municipalities in the country, with an overall market space of about 60 billion yuan. “Internet security + political security” is a two-wheel drive, with the “basic plate” folded with the “high growth” of Internet operations.
The high number of users, traffic and data generated has strongly contributed to the rapid growth of corporate cybersecurity operations. According to the company, in 2021, the company reported a small decline of about 6.4 per cent in its revenue of about 10,854 million in 2021 compared to the same period last year. Security operations and other income realizations were about 1,381 million, an increase of 70.91 per cent.
In 2019, the company launched its policy security strategy of 3.0 to create a large safe ecology that will enable the country’s cyber-security industry to grow together. The company’s Internet-security operations, though late, have grown dramatically, with 70% + well above the industry’s average.
The data of 20 Internet-based companies selected in the White Paper on Cybersecurity published by the National Institute of Information and Communications were 30.14 per cent in the same period. Products such as 360 security guards, 360 mobile security guards, 360 mobile helpers, 360 clean-up masters, 360 browsers, etc. under the company’s flag, are highly recognized in the market and are advanced by safe products.
Technology skills and good user experience have succeeded in creating a good brand image. “360” is a home-grown, Internet-famous brand with extensive brand influence, industry appeal and user trust. Users have a high degree of trust in and recognition of 360 security brands, helping companies build good.
Sexual business relationships, which create an exclusive strategy for Internet-enabling security, create good conditions for companies to further expand the political and business safety market. With brand visibility, pre-empowerment, and strong industry experience, corporate and corporate security panels will continue to grow in size, and government and business security operations are expected to remain high-growth.
Figure 9: Net security revenues in 2021 (millions of dollars) 4
We think that companies have the rare "Internet+Net" properties of the industry. Considering the multiplicity of companies in the industry, we have selected companies with similar product and market values as comparable companies, with a combined average of about 52 x in 2022.
At the same time, according to the annual report, 1) the company's “city brain” is well placed in hand orders and the pole project continues to land, which will accelerate horizontal coverage.
The opening of five major cities and the full coverage of 15 core clients were completed in 2021, and new city orders for 2022 included four provincial capitals, one single plan city, and a number of large and medium-sized cities. 2) The number of clients and the amount of new signatures in the company ' s region increased significantly in 2021: the total number of customers in the company ' s region was close.
New contracts signed by 2,000 clients, cumulatively covering more than 90% of central ministries, 80% of corporations, 95% of large financial institutions, and working with millions of small and medium-sized enterprises on cybersecurity. When considering the future growth space of the market, we think that there is much room for companies to grow.
1) Risks of recurring outbreaks: The company's operations are mainly concerned with the construction of cities, and the repeated occurrence of the epidemic may result in restrictions on access to cities, prolonged construction cycles and declining orders, which may lead to the execution of orders, and the unanticipated penetration of the company;
2) The digital transformation is less than expected: the advance of the corporate “city brain” is an important link in the digital transformation, with macroeconomic downturns and poor upstream and downstream infrastructure likely to limit the speed of advancement; 3) the risk of a reduction in the Maori rate due to the increased demand for project customization: the company's “city brain” can be achieved
In this context, companies are likely to be exposed to the risk of being held back by too much customization of the project. Corporate financial statement data projections are aggregated.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party. Researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, the qualifications of the securities investment consulting operations licensed by the CVM, either for, or because of, or because of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.