The Postal Bank has the largest and most extensive distribution network, based on a proxy network of the Postal Group.
The business model of self-employment + agency is the only one in the country, with a network covering all cities and 99% of the country’s districts.
In 2007, the Postal Bank was set up by the Postal Group on its own initiative, and in 2012 it carried out a reform of the stock system, which was followed by the following:
Ten strategic investors diversify their equity structures. Companies have a unique “self-employed + agent” model, depending on the postal group’s proxy network, with the largest and most extensive distribution network. As of the end of 2019, the Postal Bank had nearly 40,000 trading points (including agents), which are covered.
All cities and 99% of the district areas of the country, with interest differentials leading the trade, retail advantages highlighting the fact that the difference in the post bank (2.5%, 2019) is significantly higher than that in the industry, mainly as a result of higher deposits at the end of the debt.
The ratio of retail loans is higher in the credit structure. The post office has a large retail pool base, brings stability, low-cost deposits, and the ratio of corporate end-of-debt deposits (96%, 2019) is significantly higher than that of a colleague, making its interest-paying rate (1.59%, 2019) lower than that of a colleague.
Retail credit accounts for a relatively high proportion, resulting in a higher rate of return on mail loans (4.83 per cent, 2019) than their counterparts; assets of excellent quality, with less burden on the quality of public assets than loans/deficit loans of 68 per cent).
At the same time, according to our end-of-cycle caliber measurements, in 2019 the collection rate was 0.48 per cent and the rate of production was low in the industry. We believe that the quality of the better money in the post was due to the late start of the business, and the quality of the historical assets was low. As of late 2019, the quality of the stocks was low.
The provision coverage and loan allocation ratios of 389 per cent and 3.35 per cent, respectively, are at the forefront of both the provision coverage and the loan allocation ratios, indicating the relatively high risk resilience of the postage reserve. Cost revenue ratios are high and the revenue structure needs to be improved
By comparison with their counterparts, the amount of roa in the post is lower than in the other five major businesses, and in particular, the factors behind the drag on roa are the higher operating costs and the weak ability of middle-level operations to generate income.
In addition, the cost of operating an intermediary service at the proxy point affects the performance of the mail fee, which accounts for a significantly lower share of collection (6.2 per cent, 2019) and the revenue structure needs to be improved.
Sino-Soldier International Securities Co. Ltd. has less business than expected, and the downside of the economy has led to a higher-than-expected asset quality down.
Founded in 2007, the Postal Bank was established by the Group of Postal Corporations, converted into a limited company in 2012, and introduced 10 strategic investors in 2015. In 2016, the Postal Bank was successfully listed in Hong Kong.
As a large retail bank in the country, companies are positioned to serve “three farmers”, urban and rural residents, and small and medium-sized enterprises. As at the end of 2019, the ratio of savings in the company's savings structure was 88%; loan balances.
Retail credit accounts for 55% of the total. In 2019, the first-level capital of the Poster was ranked 22nd in the British Banker, the top 1,000 in the world.
Figure 2. Poster size in 2019: 7.4 per cent increase in year-on-year scale
In December of this year, the Postal Bank brought in Swiss silver, Chinese life, Chinese telecommunications, Canadian pension fund investment companies, ant gold uniforms, Morgan Chase, fmpl, International Finance Corporation, Starfleet Bank, and 10 strategic investors in Shenzhen. The Holding Shareholder Post Group provided resources and platform support to the company.
For example, more than 600,000 rural mail orders from the Group provide physical window and channel resources for companies to carry out their financial operations, and the Mail Network and Mailmasters provide online platform support for companies to build rural electric conglomerates, helping to build up the resources and data of their customers.
The Group also offers companies a platform for cross-selling, resource-sharing, and cooperation with other financial subsidiaries. Introduction of Internet companies as a battle pitch, and full-scale promotion of in-depth cooperation.
Gold uniforms and tweaks work together to provide online consumer financial services, and to set up a new retailing experience centre. In addition, the depositories and battles are moving forward on all fronts in the areas of electricity payments, open payment platforms, consumer finance, micro-finance, corporate lending, and science, technology and innovation, to create strategic synergies with the biosphere.
Figure 6. In-depth business cooperation between the Postal Bank and key shareholders II. Highlights: unique agency + self-employment mechanism, deep-farming Western Central and District financial 2.1 + self-employment mechanism, customer base
With the help of the Group’s down-to-the-line distribution, the Postal Bank has developed a unique “self-employed + agent” model, which is designed to sink the territory. The Post Office’s proxy model is actually operating through the Group’s subsidiary agencies, which enable customers to handle related operations within the scope of the depositary bank’s delegated operations at the agency’s point of entry, including, inter alia, agency deposits, agency intermediary operations, etc.
The “self-employed + agent” model of the Postal Bank, which we believe is the only one in the current commercial banks, has made up for the short-boarding of the post-operator network and other major lines, and has accumulated an extensive client base for the Postal Bank. Specifically, by the end of 2019, the number of operations of the Postal Bank had reached 39,638 (including 7,918 self-employed and 31,720 proxy sites) and the number of operations covered China.
Ninety-nine per cent of counties (municipalities); geographically, the number of mid-western points in the post is high (55 per cent, 2019h). In contrast, the largest number of agricultural banks in five other major businesses (23,149 in late 2019). In terms of the number of clients, the number of individual customers in the post was 605 million by the end of 2019.
Figure 8. Distribution of points (2019h)
In the western and western regions, 71.03% of personal accounts are located in the district areas. The financial services infrastructure in the central and western regions is relatively weak compared to the economically developed and urban areas, and the demand for financial services has not yet been fully met and developed.
Taking into account similar client orientations, we compare the performance of the post and farm operations in the mid-western region, mainly from two angles: 1) distribution of points; 2) ratio of loans on deposit. In terms of distribution of points, the distribution of the post is deeper in the central-western area than in the agricultural sector. In terms of the number of points, 55% of the post posts were distributed in the mid-west as of the end of 2019, while 55% were distributed in the mid-west.
The ratio is 52%. The size of deposits and loans in the mid-western part of the mail is larger than in the agricultural sector. Of these, 53% in late 2019 and 42% in the central-western part of the mail were higher than in the agricultural sector (39% and 37%, respectively).
Since the distribution of the post is mainly concentrated in the central and western regions, the central and western regions contribute significantly to its profits. In 2019, the central and western regions accounted for 32 per cent of the total profit structure, which is slightly lower than that of the agricultural sector (35 per cent, 2019).
Challenges in this regard: 1) Weaker economic base in the central-western region than in the eastern part of the country, less demand for investment financing by businesses and individuals than in the eastern part of the country, owing to the lower size of the business than comparable banks in the eastern part of the country; 2) more uniform demand for financial services in the central-western region, where the income structure of banks is less diversified than in the eastern part of the country; 3) greater dependence on resources in the central-western region, low economic efficiency in the industrial structure and low return on investment
But the opportunities and challenges are going hand in hand, and we believe that the rise of the central part of the country and the implementation of the Great West Development Strategy also provide greater space for the development of operations in the central and western parts of the Pasifika Bank.
In recent years, the central and western regions have grown at a higher absolute rate than in the eastern region. As the strategy progresses, the potential for future growth of the main mail camp operations is to be expected.
Over the past five years, the rate of urbanization in the country (60.6% as of 2019) has risen, the per capita income of the inhabitants of the districts has risen and consumption has risen, and rural residents have increased their disposable income at a higher rate than urban residents, as well as their dependence on traditional financial institutions.
Higher than the urban population. Although the financial needs of enterprises and individuals in the district areas are currently lower than those of towns and cities, we believe that, as the country continues to urbanize, the demand for financial services in the district, rural enterprises, residents will become more diversified, the demand for consumption, investment, and financing is expected to increase further, and there will be greater scope for financial development in the area of the post office.
In terms of profitability, the Postal Bank ranked second in the six main lines (13.10 per cent) in 2019 (13.05 per cent for 13.18 per cent of the workforce), 12.43 per cent for the agricultural sector, 11.38 per cent for the middle row, and 11.20 per cent for the border).
In 2019, the annualization of the Postal Bank was 0.62%, compared to 1.1%, 1.08%, 0.92%, 0.90%, 0.80%, respectively. A comparative analysis showed that the factors behind the performance of the Postal Reserve were mainly higher operating costs and weaker middle operations income-generating capacity; and, in terms of net interest differentials and taxes, the Post Office was larger than the rest of the industry.
There are advantages. We believe that the higher-than-work net interest differentials in the post office are mainly due to the downfall of the grid, the advantage of the debt-end structure built up on the retail base (higher deposits) and higher rates of credit return. With respect to income tax, since investments in bonds such as national debt and interest income from small, farm-based loans benefit from a certain tax credit, the tax burden on the post office is significantly less than that of other major businesses.
In view of the evolution of the roe and roa in the post, the roe in 2016-2019 has been on a downward trend, and the roa has been rising. Among these, the roa has been rising mainly as a result of the spread of interest differentials and increases in size. For the roe, we see a downward trend in the roe, which we believe is mainly influenced by the increased credit delivery by the postage initiative, and the capital consumption level of the credit is higher than that of the portfolio group, which is capital-filled.
The net profit of the Poster in 2019 rose by almost 7 percentage points to 16.5% in 2018 over the same period, and the net interest income of the Poster in 2019 (2.6%) declined from 2018, but since 2019 it has improved and financed.
In 2019, the Postal Bank recorded a difference of 2.50 per cent, which is significantly higher than that of the other five major businesses.
The difference is mainly due to the significant end-of-liability cost advantage and the higher credit rate of return on the asset end. At the end of the liability end, the high end-of-debt deposit ratio (96%, 2019) is characterized by lower end-of-service cost ratios for the post office than for the peer. At the end of the asset, while the ratio of credit on the post office is lower than that of the comparable partner, the ratio of retail credit on the high yield in the credit structure (55%, 2019) is higher than that on the other end-of-career.
The difference in interest rates for the post was clear from the five other major banks, but the difference in interest rates for the post in 2019 was lower than for the same period in 2018 by 17bp, on the one hand, against the background of a decline in the cost of financing by broad-funding and regulatory-led entities; and, on the other hand,
The cost increases in the context of ongoing deposit competition. Looking forward to 2020, when there is a shortage of effective demand for the asset end of the economy with downward pressure, regulation of interest rate controls will continue, with further progress on ipr, and we believe that the asset end earnings of the post reserve will continue to fall in 2020; At the end of the debt, the deposit competition is expected to continue, while, as the residents of the central and western regions become aware of their financial awareness, the storage costs will be absorbed by the mail.
The year will be narrow, and we judge the net difference in 2020 to be between 10bp and 2.4% lower than in 2019. In terms of the end-of-debt performance, the core deposit of the Post Office is highly competitive, with deposits showing excellent performance, which have remained at around 95% since 2017. By comparison with their counterparts, the deposit ratio is significantly higher than that of the other five major businesses, in 2019.
The ratio of deposits to deposits is 96%, while the highest share of deposits in other major businesses is in the industrial sector (84%, 2019). In particular, in terms of the structure of deposits, the ratio of retail deposits in the mail is high (88%, 2019). We believe that the advantage of deposits at the end of the deposit liability is inextricably linked to the number of its dense network points, the sinking of its customers in rural and county areas.
It is hoped that the balance of deposits at the end of the debt will continue to be high. Taking into account the current performance of social inclusion and m2 growth, we expect the deposit trend map of the post office to be 22, and the ratio of deposits to the major lines 24.
Unlike several other major businesses, the cost of retail term deposits in the post reserve (2.23%, 2019) is lower than the cost of time deposits in the enterprise (2.27%, 2019), which we believe is mainly due to the higher number of customers in the central-western and district areas of the post reserve, the relative dependence of the inhabitants of those areas on financial institutions and their relatively weak financial management, and the consequent lower cost of retail deposits.
There will be upward pressure on the cost of future retail time deposits in the ministry and district areas as a result of a gradual increase in fiscal awareness. Overall, the higher share of deposits and the sank retail customer base have resulted in a significantly lower end-of-service cost for the post office (1.59%, 2019) than for several other major businesses (1.76%, compared to 1.76%, for construction and industry).
Figure 27. Comparison of end-of-end cost rates for major lines of liability (2019) Figure 26. Comparison of cost rates for large lines of deposits (2019)
Postal loans started late in 2006 and 2007 when companies were granted short-term deposit orders and microloans, and in 2008 when they were granted public loans.
Postal end-of-asset credit was less than the other major businesses, and the credit share of the post-asset end-of-service end-of-life was also relatively low. By the end of 2019, the amount of loan/interest-bearing assets in the post-release was 48 per cent, which was significantly lower than in the other five major banks (the highest proportion was in the industry, with loans as a percentage of interest-bearing assets at the end of 2019 being 58 per cent).
In recent years, there has been an increase in the allocation of credit resources at the end of the postal asset, which has remained at about 15% above, faster than at the end of the asset, and faster than at the end of the asset. Given the diversity of shareholders’ backgrounds, and the fact that the deposits’ contribution to public funds has fallen short of several other major businesses, we believe that future attention needs to be paid to the effectiveness of the deposits’ contribution to public credit.
Retail lending in the post credit structure is higher than that in the industry, and housing mortgages in retail loans are lower, making the post credit rate and interest-bearing asset rate of return high. In terms of credit structure, the postage ratio is higher than that of other major banks, with a higher zero-sale credit ratio. By the end of 2019, retail credit was 55 per cent, while retail sales in other major businesses were less than 50 per cent.
The ratio of mortgage loans to the post was relatively low (62 per cent, 2019), while the lowest share of mortgages to retail credit (65 per cent) and the highest share to build businesses (82 per cent). We believe that the ratio of retail credit to the higher end-of-term and non-deprived credit to the higher structural characteristics of retail credit contributed to the deposit.
The rate of return (4.83 per cent, 2019), followed in absolute terms only by the six main lines (4.89 per cent, 2019), is also an important factor in the overall equity end rate of return level (4.04 per cent) of the postage reserve, which is at the forefront of the industry (the same level as the cross-border, higher than the other major lines).
The reasons for our judgment are as follows: 1) the post-ipo capital of the post-Po share of the reserve has been replenished to better support the development of the credit business; 2) since 2018, supervision has led banks to strengthen their support for real-economy financing, demanding that the increase in bank credit in 2020 should not be lower than last year's low burden on public assets and less bad rate than the equivalent. In terms of asset quality, the long-term rate of non-performing loans has been maintained at less than 1 per cent.
By the end of 2019, the rate of non-performing loans was 0.86 per cent, the lowest in the six major banks, and the other five major businesses had a negative rate ranging from 1.37 per cent to 1.47 per cent. We believe that the low rate of poor postage was due to the low quality burden on the historical assets of public credit. In the past, economic growth slowed down, the ratio of bad in the post was 0.89 per cent at the end of the year, while the rest of the major businesses had a higher rate of bad in the public sector than 1.6 per cent.
Non-performing loans in public business are lower than retail (0.99%, 2019), while the five other major banks have a higher rate of bad public credit than retail.
A poor 68%) reflects a high level of asset quality credibility, with agricultural, construction, middle-line and more than 90 days overdue deviations of less than 60% compared to their counterparts, and a higher than postage rate of 77%. From the negative forward-looking indicator concern category of loans, the negative yield of the postage reserve plus write-off rate for the year ended 2019 was 0.48%, with an absolute level of negative production remaining low and below the average of the five other major lines.
Looking ahead to 2020, the domestic economy is still at a steady downward phase, and the “new crown” epidemic affects the ability of enterprises and individuals to repay their debts. We believe that the poor rate of postage production is expected to increase from 2019, with the expected negative rate of 0.6 per cent in 2020.
In terms of risk resilience, by the end of 2019, the reserve had 389 per cent coverage and 3.35 per cent loan allocation, respectively, and, in comparison with other major banks, the reserve was at the top of the list, both in terms of coverage and in terms of loan allocation, indicating its greater risk resilience.
Figure 44. Postal loan allocation versus upgrade. Lower fee revenue ratio, revenue structure to be optimized. In terms of revenue from fees, income from postage has improved rapidly since 2019, mainly due to bank card charges and settlement and clearance.
In terms of structure, the percentage of income from bank card operations and clearance-related charges was 69% in 2019, up by 4 percentage points from 2018. However, as compared to five other major banks, the share of income from post office charges is significantly lower (6.2%, 2019).
The principle of “beneficiary” is confirmed by the fact that the need to pay group fees for revenue generation through proxy networks has affected the net fee performance of the post office, and there is room for improvement in the diversification of its income structure. Looking ahead, we believe that, with the strong growth of corporate credit card operations and the start-up of financial subsidiaries (medium mail finance), the growth of intermediate business income is expected to continue at a rapid rate.
The proxy network has high management costs, higher cost-to-income ratios than other majors. The unique proxy business model brings a large base of customers and stable deposit funds to the post, but at the same time, the cost-to-income ratios that need to be paid to the proxy network are also high. In 2019, the post office cost-to-income ratio was 56.57 per cent higher than comparable counterparts.
Disaggregated by the fact that the post reserve needs to pay agent fees for savings deposits absorbed by the proxy network, it is the most important factor that results in higher post cost income ratios than comparable counterparts. In 2019, the share of savings agent fees in operating management fees was 48.6%.
The average daily balance* of deposits is the sum of the rates. In terms of the rates of deposits in different deposits, the longer the deposit balance corresponds to the lower. Since 2016, the deposit agent rates have not been adjusted, while the actual combined rate of deposit agent fees has declined since 2016, reflecting the change in the proxy network ' s absorption of deposit structures, i.e., long-term deposits.
In the short term, under the agreements signed, we believe that there is a low probability of a significant reduction in the rate of the savings agent (when the rate of re-negotiation triggers a significant change in the future interest rate environment, such as the average annual net profit difference of the last four lines of the fiscal year, which fluctuates by more than 24 per cent over the 10 years prior to the last passive adjustment), and that the deposit acquisition of the post balance is still related to the agency ' s network point)
Although short-term cost revenues are less likely to fall significantly than they are, in the long run, a higher cost-earning ratio also means that there is much room for improvement in the future. As banking and financial technology evolves, it is expected that the reserve will become less operational through the enhancement of online systems.
Ben, and with a view to reducing reliance on proxy networks, the post office has in recent years increased its investment in financial science and technology, increased its capacity to operate online, and, in 2019, its financial science and technology-related inputs accounted for close to 3% of revenue, which is higher than those of the public sector. We believe that, as financial science and technology works, the cost of the post office will fall in 2020 than in 2019.
3.4 Upgraded capital levels after a return to the capital stock are lower than those of other major banks in terms of capital levels. When the reserve returns to the stock market, the core-level capital adequacy rate rose to 9.90 per cent at the end of 2019, above the regulatory minimum (7.5 per cent).
Other major banks have a capital adequacy rate of more than 11% at the core level, but as domestic system-critical banks, the lowest regulatory requirement for capital adequacy at the core level is 8.5%, which is 1 percentage point higher than that for the post office. Given the increased expansion of the post credit operation, we believe that there is still a capital replenishment requirement for the post office.
Growth has also contributed to capital growth; on 18 March 2020, 80 billion yuan in long-term debt was released as a contribution to building capital capacity and laying the foundation for business development.
The Postal Bank, the largest and most extensive commercial bank in the country, has a unique “self-employed + agent” operating model, with the number of sites at the top of the list, covering all the cities and 99% of the district areas of the country.
The savings base is thick, and assets are of excellent quality, and profits are growing at a very high rate. We expect Ps premium rates for 2020/2011, which have a 28% premium level compared to farmers with the same cost advantage at the bottom of the network, the end of the liability. The core assumptions of our profit projections are as follows:
▪ Postal loan acceleration assumptions: the Bank increased its lending by 16 per cent in 2019, taking into account: (1) the late start of its credit operations with greater scope for development; (2) the replenishment of the capital after the returna to better support the development of the credit operations; (3) the supervision and guidance of the banks since 2018 to strengthen their financial support for the real economy.
With regard to deposits, because of the sinking of its clients in rural and county areas, we believe that the deposit competitive advantage is expected to continue in the context of its unique operating model. In 2019, the deposit was 8% higher than in 2019, taking into account the current socialization and m2 acceleration scales.
The fall of 17bp to 2.50% over the same period in 2018 led to lower yields on the one hand, when the cost of financing for the entity was reduced on the other hand, and savings competition led to higher rates of cost. Looking forward to 2020, under the shock of the epidemic, economic downward pressure within the country increased, and bank demand for effective credit was more scarce than it was in 2019, while regulation increased interest rates on the entity’s financing.
At the end of the debt, we believe that the deposit market competition will continue and that the reserve will have a negative impact on the low base at a high-growth stage. In terms of income structure, the contribution of the post office to the revenue collection in 2019 will be 6.2%.
There is still room for further improvement. Looking ahead, we believe that with the growth of corporate credit card operations and the management of financial subsidiaries, we expect that in the future, as incomes grow and the efficiency of corporate financial science and technology operations improves, there will be a small decrease in cost revenues than is expected. But in the short term, for the agency savings project (48.6 per cent), which accounts for a larger share of business management costs, we are looking at the cost of savings.
▪ Credit cost: The Bank increased its provision in 2017-2018 to increase its resilience to risk; in 2019, with asset quality assurance, the cost of credit for the Bank was 1.2%, a decrease of about 20bp from 2018. After pre-accumulation, the reserve bank’s provision base was solid, with the 2019 provision being the highest for comparable partners (389%).
Against the background of increased pressure, we believe that the unsound rate of production of the Postal Bank will rise from 2019 (0.48 per cent) to 0.6 per cent/0.6 per cent, and the overall red rate: 30 per cent in 2019 for the Postal Bank, with reference to the current average of five major banks, we expect that we will mainly use the relative valuation method to value the Postal Bank with reference to the current level of valuation of the listed major banks.
On a large scale, the deposits are closer to the comptoirs to about 10 trillion, while the assets of the industrial, construction, middle and agricultural branches are more than 20 trillion; but on the basis of the guest population and the business sector, the position is closer to that of the farmers, and we believe that the reasonable valuation level of the deposits should be applied to the bidders in the medium to long term. According to our projections, the current PBG in 2020/2011 corresponds to 0.80 x 0.71 x, respectively.
In terms of dividends, the current equity value of the Postal Bank is 4.5 per cent in 2020, which is lower than the average interest rate of comparable peers (5.5 per cent). We believe that the premiums of the Postal Bank are mainly due to the depositorization advantage, the potential demand for larger financial services in the sank county area, excellent asset quality performance, and the provision of a strong guarantee of robust performance, resulting in a first-ever increase in coverage.
This year, the Bank’s credit portfolio has expanded and led to an increasing share of credit assets. In the future, the growth of public and retail credit operations may be slower than expected if the economy of the central and western region is not growing as fast as expected.
The downside of the economy leads to a higher-than-expected drop in asset quality: as a pro-cyclical sector, banks are more relevant to industrial development and economic development. Macro-economic development affects the performance of the real economy as well as the profitability of the economy, thus affecting the performance of the banking sector in terms of asset quality. The sudden onset of the epidemic in the first quarter has had a short-term impact on the domestic economy, while the spread of the overseas epidemic has made short-term stops difficult to determine.
There is a risk of deterioration in the quality of assets in the industry, which affects the profitability of the banking sector.