The growth hormones are growing robustly, and the dose of herpes is high enough for the Southwest Securities Research and Development Center.
The net profit attributable to the parent company now stands at $4.14 billion, an increase of 10.2 per cent, and the faster growth of the net profit-making industry and growth hormones. In the case of the Golden Race drug industry, the net profit from the return to the mother grew by 10.22 billion yuan, an increase of 25 per cent, and the net profit from the mother grew by 15 per cent.
With the impact of the epidemic, the number of new infections slowed at the same rate, with a slight increase in the proportion of new patients with long-acting growth hormones; together with the company's approval of long-acting injections as entry points, it is expected that the new product volumes in paediatrics and adults will gradually be reflected in the donation of revenue, which is expected to become a new growth point.
The 100-gram biog herpe vaccine was released over a period of time. 100-gram organisms achieved an operating income of $1.07 billion, a decline of 10.95 per cent in the same year, a net return to the mother of $120 million, a 7 per cent increase in the same year. On a quarterly basis, the company’s vaccine was affected by the epidemic and its sales declined.
By the same token, price positioning is lower than the gsk vaccine (3200 yuan per person per person), which helps to keep the high penetration price-sensitive state-of-the-art real estate and Chinese medicine operations generally stable. High-real estates generate operating income of 804 million yuan, a 21 per cent increase in the same year, and net profits of 64 million yuan, a 25 per cent decline in the same year. The Chinese pharmaceutical industry has generated operating income of 658 million dollars.
The dollar, 2.5 per cent increase in the same year, resulting in a net return of $31 million, a 9 per cent decrease in the same year. Focus on master development, displacing new properties. Optimizing industry layout and resource allocation, highlighting the core strengths of the main industry, improving asset-liability structures and increasing corporate cash, in line with the company’s future development strategy.
At the current level, the company intends to transfer 100% of its holdings of high-value new property to the group of shareholders in the company. 1. Long-chun Gaoxin (000661); stripping off the property plate, gathering hundreds of millions of dollars, an increase of 114.68%, the company will continue to develop its main business and enter one.
Long Spring High (000661); Growth hormones remain stable, and herpe vaccines are expected to match the dynamic pe by 11 times, 9 times, and 7 times. Maintenance of the “buy-in” rating.
Long hormones continue to drive the growth of companies (2022-04-28) No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No.