With herpes in herpes rejuvenating, post-infection operations are expected to resume gradually — the report of the event review of Changchun (000661.sz) — the announcement issued by Changchung: the company published its annual report for 2022 and achieved revenue.
Hobx@cfsc.com.cn 4th quarter affected by the epidemic, with a slight drop in revenue from operating revenues of $2,981 million (21.86 per cent) in a single quarter of the fourth quarter; net return to the mother
Impact, the increase in the number of positive cases has affected the new intake of growth hormone products, with a greater impact on the four-quarter harvest. In 2022, the subsidiary achieved income of 1,071 million yuan, net profit of 182 million yuan, vaccine and vaccine against the epidemic.
Vaccination against the nostril influenza vaccine has been significantly affected, especially in the case of the flu vaccine, which is a seasonal sex product sold mainly in the third and fourth quarters of each year and in the first quarter of the following year.
With the lifting of the disease containment factor, the company's operations are expected to resume steadily.
Retroactively, growth hormone products are recovering in a systematic manner. In 2022, under the influence of the new crown vaccination, routine vaccinations were delayed, pox vaccinations were delayed.
The area of 2022-11-04 was affected by the embargo, which prevented the transport and sale of chickenpox vaccine products, with 25.17 per cent of the 2022 batch issuances, down the same line.
Two needles have been moving forward in the provinces, and we expect a return in 2023 to vaccination. According to cdc tests, since the sixth week of 2023, there has been a surge in the number of cases in the first stream, and people's willingness to be vaccinated against the influenza in the spring is expected to increase.
The company digests the 2022 influenza vaccine stock. With years of education, vaccination autonomy has been strengthened, and we expect that the need for vaccination against the 2023 influenza pandemic will rise dramatically.
On January 31, 2023, Changchun Bek Biotech received a pharmaceutical certificate from the National Drug Surveillance Authority for herpes detoxification vaccine.
Books. Late introduction of pheasant vaccine in the country, children of target populations with herpes, during the period of non-vaccination of herpes, has a higher probability of induced herpes in old age, with a larger base of potential infections.
National exclusive status for the year, 100-gram organisms ultimately priced $1369/barrel, Shiningrix vaccine for two doses of $3980, about 65.6 per cent lower than in the same year.
At age 50, for the first time, the age advantage + the cost advantage is expected to open the market quickly.
The medical team introduced Hob's new: 10 years of experience in pharmaceutical research in the securities industry, formerly in the new wealth team of medicine.
RYU Jia Nin: Master of Science, Cornell University, April 2022, joined Chinese securities, reflecting his research views. I did not, for no reason, and I will not be pushed into this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
It is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer); the Hong Kong market is based on the consistent index; and the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, the information, the opinion does not take into account the specific investment purpose, the financial situation and the specific needs of the person obtaining the report, and does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.