On March 20, the company issued an announcement to focus on biology in line with the company's future development strategy.
The pharmaceutical core business portfolio, optimizing industry layout and resource allocation, highlighting the core strengths of the industry, improving asset and liability structures, raising corporate cash flow levels, and the company's intention to hold stock to the company.
The shareholders overtake 100% of the stock held by the group in the high new estates.
2. " Steady performance growth, advanced business layout - Long Spring High New Middle Report - stripping off property subsidiary high-rises and light-loading focused medicines. " High-rises in Changchun 3. " Completion of equity incentives first granted, growth certainty re-enhanced - High-champ
The city has developed the High New York City, the City of El Niña, the Gardens of Goán, the Garden of Hyeon, the High New York City incident review. On 30 June 2022.7.26, the total unaudited assets of the High New Estates were $6,564 million, net assets.
For $1.632 billion. The company intends to sell the full stock of the high-real estate, with a greater focus on the development of the biological medicine core, which will further optimize the asset-liability structure, enhance the company’s ability to develop sustainably and enhance its profitability and core competitiveness.
The growth hormone poles in the gold-spill industry are strong, and the growth momentum is strong. The current growth market in the hormone industry is far from saturated, the landing ground has limited impact on sales outside the company’s yard, and companies will continue to push for growth hormone long-activities and adult adaptive disorders in the future.
Since the outbreak’s policy adjustment, it has become clear that the recovery of new infections in the group has taken place, and that the momentum for future growth in performance remains strong. The 100-gram bionose inflammation vaccine, the apex vaccine, and the herpes vaccine continue to contribute to the performance.
The company is the leader of the vaccine, which is growing steadily. New varieties of innovators for the flu vaccine, which will help to promote the solution of low-infiltration bottlenecks in the influenza vaccine, are expected to grow into larger varieties.
More widely applicable than the gsk competition, product sales are expected to increase continuously in the future as the country continues to grow as a result of ageing, rising health perceptions and rising consumption.
Corporate growth hormone poles are strong, and the gradual release of second-line varieties is expected to open up a second degree of price reduction and control risk: growth hormone competition increases the risk: vaccine sales are not expected; research and development is not progressing as expected.
Within a week, within a month and in February.