The printer's numbers are up, the chip opens up the new growth curve.
The company became the leading producer of the world’s top five laser printers, the global consumer and chip industry, and expanded its operations to non-profit in 2019.
We believe that the company is about to see a4 printer output up, a3 printer in the medium term promotes product structure optimization, and long-term non-print chip substitution for national production.
The core technology is self-controllable, with more than 60% of cagr collected in 2019-2021 and more than 50% of cagr delivered. We expect the nationalization of printers to be an important component of party and industry innovation in 2022, with frequent and high-stakes central collections since 2022, which will benefit fully from the innovation.
The company’s high-end a3 copiers are well developed, and the next three batches will boost the average price of the printer’s sales and optimize the product structure. In the medium term, a3 will be a new engine of growth.
0.73 There is scope for a greater upscaling than the average of 2.14 for mainstream manufacturers, with the higher end-of-end printing of machines, the expected increase in the cost of connection and the average sales price; and an accelerated increase in the revenue from loading materials as printers leave. The consumption business will continue to generate steady cash flows for the company.
The Alliance is one of the first producers to develop commercial laser printers and to create synergies in the channels and supply chains. With the recovery of overseas market demand and supply chains, we expect that the oem order will bring about a sustainable increase of one million grades per year, and that the Alliance will receive more than one million copies per year.
To return to the pre-epidemiological income level of about $18 billion. Moreover, as the associated financial costs of the acquisition, depreciation of assets, etc., dwindled over the years, the net profits of the Alliance grew in 2021 on a year-on-year basis, and non-print chips opened the second growth curve.
In 2021, 32 non-print chips, such as generic mcu, were shipped in bulk to various industries, including industrial controls, safety, and cars, reaching 365 million yuan. In 2022, more than one new item will be placed on the market.
The annual non-printing chip business will collect more than 60% cagr.  profit forecast and investment rating: we expect the net profit of the company to be 68 dollars for the period 2022-2024. We look forward to entering the future with the prospect of a full increase in the value of the Bontoa-3 laser product.
The increased stock of LCL-plus-plank printers will provide companies with a steady and continuous cash flow, and non-print chip operations will accelerate growth with national production substitution, with the first “buy-in” rating for coverage.
The printer's whole-industry chain layout, looking at seamless connections from general-use to printer-wide, 22-year focus on printing industry. The company was founded in 2000 in Pearlhai, the capital of the world's printed-wood industry, and a printer patent was launched after the general-use business quickly became a leading industry business.
The company has completed a whole-of-sector layout from spare parts to printer equipment and printing management services, the only company in the country that has achieved full coverage of the printer industry chain, the top five in the world.
In 2019, the company set up a polar sea semiconductor to expand its operations to non-print chips such as 32 universal mcu, based on years of technological accumulation in embedded cpu, which should be used in areas such as engineering, automobiles, consumer electronics, etc. to open up new growth space in addition to printers.
The company has three main businesses, printers and originals, commons, chips. The business is mainly based on printers and originals, mainly through two branded Mercedes Electronics and Liam International.
Sub-mainstreamed, mainly responsible for printer master soc and chip designs, with sub-polar semiconductors performing mainly non-print chip operations. In 2021, the company received 73 per cent of the original printer and consumables business, 20 per cent of the general consumption and accessories industry, and 3 per cent of the chip (outside sales).
Figure 2: Nasda Group Structure, Figure 3: Companies ' revenues (in billions of dollars) A4 in the immediate term, a3 in the medium term, and a chip in the long term. We believe that the company ' s immediate logic lies in a4 laser printing.
We expect a4 laser printer output to continue to grow at a rapid pace as the credit market accelerates and the overseas epidemic recovers; the medium-term logic is that the bulk delivery of a3 copiers leads to product structural upgrades: the map is now well under way in the development of a3 copiers, and we expect to boost the production of company printers when the volume is made available in the future.
The upgrading of the product structure, the expansion of the product matrix, and the overall increase in the average price of printer sales; the long-term logic is that non-print chips will be replaced by national production: we expect a vertical breakthrough in technology, non-print chip operations to grow at a high rate in the future as companies expand their applications horizontally.
After the acquisition of the Alliance in the course of the year, the company ' s business owner, the original printer and consumables, was operating under the umbrella of the Alliance and was continuously affected by the cost of the M & As. In addition, the company ' s overseas operations accounted for a relatively large share of revenue, reaching 88.34 per cent in 2020, and suffered a greater loss of exchange. In 2021, as a result of the gradual liberalization of overseas epidemic control, the performance of the Association resumed and the internal market was fast-tracked.
Growth, resulting in a 701 per cent increase in net return profits after readjustment during the same period. Figure 5: Corporate operating cash flows from 2018-2021 are abundant. Companies have a long-term focus on R & D inputs, and R & D costs are only available in the global printer pipeline.
Subsidiarily, because of the country’s leadership of the company’s printer business, the supply chain has a stronger voice, and the LCL has been working for years on the market, providing a steady annual cash flow of raw waste, maintaining a net cash flow of business activity for more than $2 billion since 2018, and developing in a healthier way.
The total number of sub-incentives was 464 including company directors, executives, core cadres, etc., and the number of restricted shares to be awarded to the incentive audience was 5.36.5 million shares, representing 0.38 per cent of the total equity of the company at the time the draft incentive plan was announced, and 2. Printer ownership branding
2.1. The upgrade of printer market products has given rise to a new space in which the global printer market is stable in size, with laser printers being the dominant product. Printing equipment can be divided by principle into inkjet printers, laser printers, needle printers, etc. In recent years, the global laser printer market has become more mature, 2020
The annual sales of laser printers account for about 80% of the overall market for printers and are the main product of the market. Global sales are about 32 million laser printers per year, China sales about 9 million laser printers per year, and the market is larger.
The demand for laser printers downstream is also concentrated in the political market. The government, for its main applications, accounted for 25% of the market in 2020, followed by the financial sector, which accounted for 20% of the demand for printers and consumption of raw materials.
Figure 13: Downstream market structure of China ' s laser printer in 2020, with a relatively low share of high-end printers in China, with greater scope for upgrading in the future. The printer market differentiates between high-end and low-end products by speed band (ppm, i.e., the number of pages printed per minute), of which 30 ppm and less are hit by black and white lasers.
Printers and colour laser printers up to and including 20 ppm are low-end products. Global sales of high-end laser printers were over 50% in 2020, compared with only 26% in China.
According to Sadie's consultant, global sales of laser printers in 2020 were valued at $1054, compared to 2682 yuan in China. Printer manufacturers sold globally, with little difference in sales prices, and the difference between Chinese and overseas sales in average prices was mainly due to high- and middle-end printers and low-end printers.
Printer sales prices vary considerably from the country’s lower market share of mid-to-high-end printers. For example, in April 2022, a3 laser-coloured dual-sided printers were offered at a unit price of $11,800, a4 laser-black-white printers at a unit price of only $1030, which is expected to lead to an overall increase in the average sales price of laser printers.
Figure 16: Global average sales price of laser printers Figure 17: China average sales price of laser printers a3 laser printers are expected to be the key to raising the ratio of high-end printers in China.
With a3 laser printers and a4 laser printers, a3/a4 refers to the largest print mass supported by printers. In general, a3 laser printers with scanning, photocopying, printing, etc., are referred to as single machines, composite machines, etc., and are mainly used in centralized office settings, while a4 laser printers do not necessarily have scanning, photocopying, etc., and are primarily used at home
From the global market, a3 laser printer sales have stabilized at 70 per cent of the hundreds of millions of dollars in the printer market, which is the main component of the printer market. A3 printer sales have been below 15 per cent, and a3 laser printer averages far higher than a4 laser printers. According to statistics, a3 laser printers were sold in China in 2020.
The share is only 53 per cent, and there is still much room for improvement compared to the global market, and a3 laser printer is expected to become the key to the high end of the Chinese printer market. Figure 19: Global sales of laser printers (by model)
Figure 20: Global output of laser printers (by model)
Five per cent of the year went up to 8.9 per cent in 2020, while there are still high barriers to the printer industry, oligopoly, high patent barriers for the printer industry, and new entrants. The printing industry is a very high patent barrier.
In the industry, more than 300,000 patents are still in force worldwide, and existing manufacturers such as Hewlett-Packard and Jianjin have a large pool of proprietary technologies. Soc, the consumer chip in the laser printer, requires more proprietary technology, and new entrants need to avoid existing patents if they want to develop related products and technologies, otherwise it would constitute a violation, giving new entrants to their own business.
The drums in printers, laser units, and the different heating methods involved in the design components contain a large amount of patented technology, which greatly discourages the marketing of counterfeits and creates huge barriers to know-how, making printers and consumables a high-technology, high-risk, high-investment, high-proprietary-protected industry.
Printers are a sophisticated instrument involving precision machinery, systems engineering, precision optics, integrated circuits, software algorithms, materials, etc.
. The manufacture of a printer of stable quality meets the requirements of multiple parameters. e.g. print size (maximum size to support print intellectual disability, a3/a4/a5, etc.); print speed (number of pages that can be printed in a minute); print resolution (number of points per inch that can be printed in both horizontal and vertical directions at the time of printing output, through
It is often expressed in dots/inches, or dpi); printer language (commands to control printer work, to convert the computer's telephonic data into printable text and images, mainly pcl, windows, and so on from Hewlett-Packard sources); silicon drum capacity (number of paper that can be printed with a single carbon powder); silicon drum life (total of silicon drums).
Number of paper printed, determined by the luminous drums; scan type (flatbed for tablet scan and adf for auto-roller). In comparison with the middle-end printer parameters, the map is world-class. The printer market is oligarchy. Global laser printer market share due to high competitive barriers in the printer industry
China’s laser printer market accounted for 46% of the market share in 2020, with cr3 as high as 70%. The LCL+Ben map’s global market for laser printers in 2020 was 6.7%.
Number four, with 8.2 per cent in the Chinese market and fourth in the world. Figure 23: Share of major global laser printer brands in China and global markets
Printers are autonomously controlled for information security. Printers leak through storage, network, etc. Most printers store temporary data through the storage of chips, and waste recyclers can easily read the information in the stored chips. In addition, most of the printers currently support printing online, some loopholes or preset doors.
Hewlett-Packard has said that less than 2% of the hundreds of millions of commercial printers are truly safe. Only national production and self-control, from chips to consumables to printers themselves, can solve the root causes of printing security, and the core technology of the Mercedes is self-controllable.
Artificial laser printers with autonomous intellectual property rights and mass production, company-owned black and white laser scanning units (lsu), national product cpu-based black and white printing master soc development and mass production technology, 20 core technologies, have been successfully industrialized, supporting colour printing, photocopying, colour scanning, fax, etc., with fully autonomous chip security.
It makes China the fourth country in the world to have core laser printer technology and the ability to develop and manufacture laser printers. Crossing patent barriers has a pre-emptive advantage.
For objective reasons such as entry, printers have been one of the recognized industries with high thresholds and difficult access, with some patents being permanent exclusive, and new entrants being difficult to break through once they are bought. Bento will be carrying out patent and core technology research in 2008, and will be authorized by reasoned patents to release China’s first self-researched laser printer in the People’s Hall in 2010.
There is a pre-emptive advantage. As of 31 December 2021, Nasda had a total of 4.885 patented patents for autonomous research and development, including 3.378 patents for inventions and 122 designs for software copyrights and integrated circuit plans.
The advantage and the advantage of the industrial chain is that the map is growing rapidly in both commercial and credit markets, with the domestic share of sales exceeding 60% in capr in 2021. Net profits are growing at a high rate as bulk exports gain scale, with a large net national market space in 2021. According to the world, the share of government in the total market is about 25%, per country.
The annual output of laser printers is 9 million, with a demand of 2.25 million per year for the government market alone. Key sectors such as finance, telecommunications, education, etc., account for about 50% of the total market, with a demand of about 4.5 million units per year, assuming 80% government national production by 2025, 50% national production of key industries, and annual demand for national production laser printers.
To reach 4.05 million, the share of the laser printer market reached 45 per cent, compared with a total of only 20 per cent in 2020 in the domestic market, and we expect the national production of printers to be an important component of party politics and industry innovation in 2022.
In the near future, the share of the Bentoa 4 is expected to increase. According to the central government procurement centre, where the printing machine was bought in bulk, the printer was mainly based on overseas manufacturers such as Xerox, Kyeong-chung, Hewlett-Packard by December 2021, while in January-May 2022, the map frequently scored a4 laser black white and a4 laser colours at a high rate.
In the medium term, a3 products will lead to higher-middle-end markets and higher sales prices.
In 2017, the Map achieved full product line supply capacity, covered the 22-45 ppm medium-high-speed segment, filled the shortage of domestically owned products on high-end and colour-stamped products, and the volume of the map has continued to rise. We expect about 2.73 million global exports in 2021, an increase of 54%.
Nationally produced a3 laser printer will be rolled out, with the expectation of bulk delivery in 2023, leading to a further expansion of the mid-to-high end market, leading to an increase in the average sales price of the Mercedes printer.
2.4. AFDRO: Recovery of Overseas Needs The former LAEL was one of the first producers to develop commercial laser printers, and the Benevolent Lines complement each other. LAEL was originally the Ministry of Printing under the ibm flag, and in 1976 ibm designed commercial laser printers for the ICC and data centre ibm
3800, one of the world ' s first commercial laser printers to be developed, with a full printing technology. In 1991, the Alliance was separated from ibm, listed at New York Post in 1995, and after it withdrew from the commercial grade inkjet printer market in 2013, it focused on the laser printer market. In 2016, Nasda completed the acquisition of the Alliance.
The Alliance and the Map have been working together in channels and supply chains. The Alliance has been dominated by overseas markets, with more than 40% of the regional revenues of the former Alliance, and more than 80% of the combined revenues of the United States, Europe, the Middle East, and Africa.
Overseas markets provide mature channels, and the map also creates favourable conditions for the Alliance to open up its domestic market outlets. In addition, the alliance and the map achieve supply-chain synergies through a collaborative approach with odm, the map electronics are sold through odm, medium- and low-speed printers are given to the Alliance International, which helps to reduce the cost of low- and medium-speed printers in the Alliance International.
The rapid printer product line is more complete, and the Bantu electronic commissioning of the League’s international Oem to produce some of the machine-type printers to boost the recovery of overseas market demand in the Alliance. The League’s global market share (by sales) stabilized at around 3% between 2016 and 2020, and the decline in performance in 2020 was mainly due to the impact of the epidemic on overseas markets, with the European and American countries managing the epidemic in 2021.
Controls were gradually relaxed, the European-American printing market was gradually restored from the bottom of the epidemic in 2020, and demand for office printing was clearly restored, effectively pulling global laser printing and the sale of consumables. The LC achieved a total of $2,177 million in 2021, an increase of approximately 8.75 per cent compared to the corresponding increase in ebita of $273.5 million, an increase of 18 per cent compared to the same increase in the volume of output of 2022q1 LC printers.
7%, or 16%, of ebita, and as overseas markets demand services and supply chains recover, we expect the LCL to return to its 2019 revenue level, contributing about 18 billion yuan a year. Oem brings new amounts to the company.
Beginning with the start of deliveries, Oem’s operations will be expected to grow steadily in 2022, as Europe and the US commercial markets recover further. We expect the Oem orders to reach a million orders, and the LC’s volume will increase further on the basis of the recovery of direct demand for goods downstream.
Printers are usually divided into original and generic consumables. Inkjet printers are used mainly in cartridges, laser printing, and machine materials are used mainly in silicon drums.
They are specially designed for various types of printers, and are well equipped to match them. Non-originals, mainly generics, are also called compatible articles. They are used by manufacturers that specialize in the production of printer materials to produce, according to their own technology, the same type of consumables that are compatible with multiple brands.
There are significant differences in the prices, quality, follow-up, etc. of raw and common-use materials. 1) General-use materials are much less expensive than original-loaded materials, with a generic unit price of only 20-80% of the original-loaded materials. 2) The quality of the original-loaded materials is generally better than the general-use materials, with a higher suitability for the original printer. 3) The use of primary-loaded consumables does not affect the subsequent dimension.
Guarantee. The user loses the warranty qualification once some printer manufacturers detect that the printer is not using the original consumables. 4) General-use consumables are more compatible, and some common-use products can be adapted to different brands of printers at the same time. 3.1. Original-loading consumables: future cash cow operations
The risk of leaking information associated with printing waste is mainly found in selenium, the risk of leaking leaks, and the risk of leaking the spent chip. The drums are made up of radiant drums (i.e., the perc drums in the following figure, because the earliest luminous coatings are predominantly selenium, so the laser printer is also called the sulfur drums, with the electrical side and the carbon powder box, and they are:
One of the core parts of the printer is used to receive laser image data from laser scanning modules. Since the printer has printed a single document, its luminum surfaces contain a certain amount of electrostatic residue, the distribution status of the residual charge corresponds to that of the printing image. Therefore, the identification of the electrostatic distribution state enables the reproduction of the print.
The printer's soc chip is a secure chip with built-in cpu, storage units, encryption units, interface units, etc., which interacts with the master soc throughout the printing process, and is an important node for the security of print information that is extremely susceptible to neglect. Only printers, print waste, are fully home-grown and autonomous in terms of information security.
The printer industry is profitable in the form of a “Razor” model, with a continuous charge based on raw consumables.
In general, high-tech, high-manufacturing printers are sold at a low price, and are profited by the subsequent sale of high-priced raw waste. For manufacturers, printer revenues are one-time, but raw waste can continue to generate income over the life cycle of the entire printer, and Māori is higher.
High levels, while the ratio of printers is only about 25%. A mature brand printer’s original load-up product will be more expensive than a full plant, such as Hewlett-Packard’s first load business for the fiscal year 2021, which accounts for 63% of the total printer business. As the proportion of high-end printers rises, printer manufacturers achieve a higher-value continuing charge.
Figure 37: Printer manufacturers generate a continuing charge mainly from raw materials, which is expected to increase rapidly as the retention and consumption rate increase. Average consumption rate (also known as the feed connection rate) of a printer in use in the market represents the amount of consumables consumed in a year, using the materials used.
Annual sales/printer start-up holdings are indicated. The average consumption rate for mainstream printers in 2019-2020 was 2.14, or 2.14 per printer per year, for the entire industry. The average consumption rate for bantubers in 2019-2020 was 0.73/0.76, and there was greater room for improvement than for mainstream printers, mainly as a result of the current run-up of printers.
In mid- and low-end markets, where printing demand is smaller than in high-end markets, there is a significant difference between the rate of consumption of consumables and the rate of consumption of high-end printers. In the future, the rate of consumption of raw materials is expected to increase rapidly with the introduction of high-end printer products, such as a3 lasers.
The volume of raw materials has increased by about 60 per cent over the same period, and the volume is still on a fast slope, and the volume of raw materials sold is expected to increase rapidly as the holdings increase rapidly.
3.2.1. The global market for the general consumption industry is stable in size. Global consumption sales in 2020 amounted to $51.8 billion, of which selenium drums accounted for about 80%. China has a higher share of general consumption than the global market, for example, with the Chinese market having a single thong drum.
The share of overall sales of drums is about 50%, compared to only 16% globally. As the number of small and medium-sized enterprises continues to grow globally, as well as the acceleration of the epidemic on-line education and online office development promote demand for household printing, the utility industry will remain stable.
Figure 42: China ' s sales of raw and common thong drums meet the full life-cycle demand with a global share of the world ' s leading utility business meeting the full life-cycle demand.
The Māori rate is only 30-40%, which is a big difference. It takes at least 6-18 months from the introduction of a new printer to the roll-out of the corresponding common-use chip, during which the original waste material is in the mainstream of the market, and when the common-use material is adapted, the market share of the common-use material will rise to a certain degree.
According to idc, since 2018/2019, the waste industry has faced large-scale problems with a lack of crystallized round energy, rising global costs of bulk and shipping.
In this context, companies, as global market niches, with self-research chip advantages, brands, channel advantages, etc., have continued to grow in sales of raw materials for printing, with $4,624 million in 2021 for general consumption and spare parts, despite being affected by higher prices for upstream raw materials.
5%. General-use operations are expected to grow steadily as the epidemic recovers and the concentration of the industry rises. 4. Non-printed chips open the second growth curve.
The main chip in the printer consists of the master soc chip and the consumption chip. The printer master chip is a core component of the printer control panel and is responsible for printer operations such as printing, scanning, photocopying, faxing, including control of external interfaces such as the control panel/print engine/scan engine/usb, and provides image processing water/printing operations/scan operations/recording
Platforms where software, such as printing operations, is running. Printers need to use chips, including drums, cartridges, and waste ink. Some use asic chips, some use soc chips. The general consumption soc chip is a core part of the consumption, such as printer drums, cartridges, and cartridges, and is responsible for the storage of information on the characteristics of the consumables, interactive identification with the printer's master soc chip.
Apike was created in 2004 to work on integrated circuits, chip designs, and 32 embedded Cpu autonomous intellectual property rights, mainly to provide Natsda with a self-controllable hit.
The printing machine hosts soc chips and generic/preliminary consumption chips, and sells to the public mainly generic consumer chips, industrial-level generic microcontrols, low-power bluetooth chips, and industrial-networked soc-ese large safety chip products. Māori rates and net interest rates remain high.
In addition to the increase in the price of raw materials consumed by the epidemic in 2020, the Māori rate of the company ' s chips in 2018-2021 was over 65 per cent, the overall net interest rate of the Aipike was around 50 per cent, and net profits rose rapidly in 2021 as the company ' s non-printed chips were delivered in bulk.
Figure 45: Aipike’s operating income and speed of growth Figure 46: Apek’s net profits and speed of growth
Robust growth is expected to be 2.8% in 2019-2024, with chips having the highest Māori rate of 75% and 78% in the printer’s general consumption value chain, the largest market share of the industry in the world. Companies are well ahead of the list, competition is stable, and we expect that future company chips will grow robustly with the market.
Figure 48: Value chain for compatible printer chip markets 4.2. General mcu national product replacements to the gold age mcu market have developed robustly and have a low national production rate.
For US$ 17.5 billion, it is expected to reach US$ 18.4 billion in 2022; in 2019, China’s market size was US$ 5.3 billion, and China’s market size was expected to reach US$ 5.7 billion in 2022. Thirty-two mcu were used mainly for smart households, security surveillance, fingerprint recognition, touch buttons, etc., and 32 of China’s market’s generic mcu accounted for about 54 per cent in 2020.
As 32 mcu costs are now close to 8 mcu, and with greater computing capacity, the 32 mcu share will continue to rise. In global competition patterns, large offshore plants such as Resa, Enchipo, Micro-chip, IA semiconductors, and British fliers occupied a world-wide super-80% market share in 2021, with lower national production rates.
Morgan Stanley argues that China’s mcu-based production demand growth will increase significantly: 5% per year from 2017 to 2020, accelerating the 20-25% annual rate.
In summary, the overall effective market for Chinese mcu enterprises (ttalavailablemarket, tam) will increase from $300 million in 2020 to $2 billion in 2025 (cagr = 44%). Arm is the mainstream architecture. The arm architecture is standardized, providing code compatibility and software for the design of the platform.
Compatibility has prompted major manufacturers to move to 32-digit mcu product development, with mature structures quickly replacing self-defined structures, which are now in the mainstream, with 32 of the top 10 mcu manufacturers importing arm structures. Arm’s first integration into the chip level is the Cortex-m series, which is geared to a variety of embedded applications.
The global market is dominated by car electronics and industrial/medical controls, which account for almost 60% of the total. The share of applications in the consumer electronics sector is 26%. Overall, domestic demand is more in the lower and medium end, but is influenced by factors such as the construction of a 5g network and the continued roll-out of car regulation products, which are expected to be in the future.
4.3. Polar-sea semiconductor: A second growth curve has been opened and non-printed chips have been made available in bulk. Since printer chips are mainly based on 32 embedded kernels, technical and 32 generic mcu have common features, the company established a polar-sea semiconductor in 2019 to expand operations to 32 places.
Using mcu, and in conjunction with the company ' s advantages in security encryption chips in the area of printers, the low-power bluetooth chips and the industrial network soc-ese large safety chips. In 2021, the polar sea semiconductor has already made bulk delivery, industrial control/safe chips, $191 million in operations, $142 million in consumer electronic chip operations, and $32 million in car chip operations.
The non-printed chip collected $365 million in 2021.
Arm32 microcontrolr, low-power bluetooth chip, full transmission upgrade based on 32 bits.
Based on the U.S.-born Kotex nuclear safety plus, applied to industrial controls, medical equipment, automobiles, armocortex-m0 kernels.
Intelligent architecture, electronics and intelligent families.
Safe chip platform built-in high-speed flash, low power consumption
Source management, hardware code algorithm acceleration engine, nuclear high-tech, multichip new items will be available in 2022. The company took the sole responsibility for nuclear heights in 2017.
In the field of security encryption, the first country to have a national product, cpu, and high-security modules, integrated into and backed up, is now a supplier of safe soc chips for bulk production. The company has launched a brand-new product based on the cortexm4f series mcu, which has achieved a complete product line layout based on the cortexm0+/m3/m4f core, as well as leading manufacturers such as mega-innovation.
R & D is on the same team; in the area of high-end applications such as auto electronics, new energy, and engineering controls, new multichip items will be released in 2022, with an investment of 2.2 billion dollars in postnatal projects that will receive at least $1 billion per year.
The project development plan includes, inter alia, the high-end industrial level generic mcu/mpu chip project, the high-end car level generic mcu/mpu chip project, the industry-level generic signal chain data processing chip project, and the foundation.
We expect the non-print chip business to grow rapidly as the company continues to expand its capacity. 5. Profit forecasting and investment ratings
Printers and raw materials. Printers are available at a global * market rate for laser printers, assuming that global laser printers have stabilized at 33 million per year, and that in 2021 the number of LA-plus maps has reached around 4 million, with a global market share of about 12.5%. As a result of the rapid growth of the domestic credit market, it is expected that the map of a3 laser printer will be taken in 2022.
Printers hold more than 40% of cagr in 2022-2024. Due to the optimized product structure, we expect that Mercedes printers will consume 3.8% of the material. With the associated financial costs, depreciation of assets, etc., being acquired by the Alliance, the profit margin is expected to increase rapidly, and we expect the net profit of the Alliance to increase by more than 150% in 2022.
Chip business. Printer chip business will develop robustly with the general consumption market, and, as the non-print chip industry begins to release, based on company capacity planning and q1 delivery in 2022, we expect the non-printing margin to increase gradually with the non-print chip mass.
As the epidemic recovers, and as the industry integrates further, it is expected that the general consumption business and the Maori rate will gradually return to pre-epidemiological levels. We expect that the general consumption business camp will pick up at different rates in 2022-2024.
The annual map is valued at $51.6 billion (with peg = 1). LC: we refer to comparable public figures for the relatively large fluctuations in net profits due to the financial costs of acquisitions, depreciation of fixed assets, amortization of intangible assets, etc. that will continue to be affected during the LCL forecast period.
Common consumables: Based on business similarities, reference is made to the major business share of printed reproduction consumables, which we gave 45 times more than in 2022, and we expect the net profit of the generic consumption business in 2022 to be approximately Epike Epek's external sales of chips, mainly of general consumption soc and asic, 32 universal mcu.
In terms of similarity of operations, the reference major business also includes moxic innovation and mediocre electronics as comparable companies for the mcu market, such as industrial controls, auto electronics and consumer electronics, 31 times the average value of the 2022 pe, and we give Epique 31 times the value of 2022, and we expect Epique's net profit to be 833 million yuan in 2022.
In 2022, Aipek was reasonably valued at 25.8 billion yen, with Nastya holding 83.16% of the Apik stock, and Nastya holding part of Aipak valued at 21.5 billion yuan in 2022. The RMB, Japan’s brother, Jianjin data exchange rate, was 0.0493 yen against the RMB on 23 June 2022.
A3 Laser products break out of the future with the prospect of a full increase in prices, and as the LCL + Mercedes printer holdings increase consumption will provide a steady and continuous cash flow to the Division, the generic mcu operation will grow faster as national production is replaced, and competition for the “buy-in” industry will increase for the first time. Corporate printer markets will increase their share of other producers, and global printer manufacturers may pick them up.
The impact of exchange rate fluctuations is likely to have a greater impact on the net profits of the company, which could affect production operations. Domestic and foreign epidemics can occur repeatedly, affecting companies and upstream production operations, resulting in production.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board