The short- and medium-term development logic of the company is the nationalization and globalization of the map printer, with a competitive advantage over the entire industry chain.
The Li Peking market believes that printer track matures have lower ceilings and limited space for development.
The internal structural upgrading of the laser printer track has never stopped (high-speed + colouring), and the size of the field in China City has been expanding: a4-colour, a3-copy, etc., are constantly being rolled out under the synergizing advantage of the entire industry chain.
Price printers are new, and the value-added advantage in the world market and in the world market is evident. The credit market central collection has increased its output from 26.93 per cent in 2019 to 48.9 per cent in 2022.
(b) The iot chip business is the company's important second-growth curve, and the chip is now in the car's multiple core supply chains, and because of its high Maori contribution to the company's net profits, we recognize that the iot chip business is the company's most important second-growth curve.
For the iot chip to create a new long-term incremental market space for the company, the company's growth is not entirely dependent on the printing of the track industry: as the European-American epidemic subsides, the LA itself has significantly improved and started contributing net profits.
RYU, we believe that corporate reputation impairment risks, debt service risks, exchange rate risks are also expected to gradually obtain investment proposals: overall, we think that in the case of a steady rise in the profits of the Alliance and the two core qualities of the map plus chip 1, Nathda's rating: printing the track is bad.
In Globalisation and Substitution, 2022-04-09 1. Co-constructed to print the entire industry chain tap with a dot-and-face-extension chip second curve 1.1 built from bottom-up to print the whole industry chain high song into the iot blue sea.
The company, which started with generic compatible materials, while combining domestic and foreign printing and creating synergies in the whole production chain through acquisitions, worked hard and successfully laid out a generic mcu, virtual soc security chip electronic view of the company's history, and we believe that the company's development strategy is very clear and has been based on its own universal compatibility.
More than a decade of experience has been gradually expanding operations, especially chip operations, where companies have been able to build on experience advantage-based packages and have successfully achieved bulk supply to their head customers. This is also the quickest way the company can achieve in chip operations: the course of corporate chip development.
1.2 The structure provides a clear incentive for the next game of equity, which is stable and twice recognized by state funds.
The 3D Technology Company Ltd. owned 2.26 per cent of the shares, while the rest, not more than 2 per cent, were institutional and individual shareholders, with relative stability; in addition, the National Integrated Circuit Industry Fund, which had invested a total of 2 billion dollars in corporate chip research and development in 2015 and 2020, respectively, reflected State support for corporate chip operations.
We believe that the company’s March equity incentives are better able to promote business integration within the map, using the entire industry chain and synergies. Different from the previous equity incentives for senior management, the third one was dominated by middle management and technical cadres (445) and set aside 236,000 stock reserves.
The integration of the business lines is well promoted, the interests of the inner middle and technical cadres are harmonized, and the synergies and complementarities of the corporate whole-industry chain are fully exploited.
In our view, the future performance of the company is estimated financially mainly in terms of income and Maori growth, in the short term in the form of market coverage of the BoI market and global markets, in the form of a4-a3 copy machines, in the form of raw thong drums in the medium term, and in the long term in terms of generic mcu and security soc, etc. iot.
Chips, at the same time, need to focus on whether the speed of growth in the LCL and common consumption will gradually recover; 2) Future interest in cost losses will be limited to exchange gains and losses and the risk of impairment of goodwill: §3) and follow-up on the company ' s plans to expand capacity.
We therefore believe that, with the balance sheet of the map, the overall performance of the company is expected to benefit from the following factors in the future: 1) the expansion of the Mercedes printers and the original drums in the domestic credit market and in the global commercial market is evident; (2) the performance of the Alliance has recovered steadily after the shock of the epidemic and is currently subject only to the supply of electronic components, which is the result of an increase in the supply of electronic components.
Constraints have been gradually removed: 3) Companies do not need to undertake new large-scale M & As reorganizations: 4) Benevolence and LAF expansion plans are clear.
1.3.1 Income and Māori: With regard to the steady recovery of domestic and foreign firms, we believe that the growth of short-term corporate performance is largely due to the expansion of domestic credit and global commercial markets, while the stability of the LA provides a good basis for revenue.
With 82 per cent of the annual revenue of $2,232 million coming from printers, we believe that the printer business of the map will be expected to contribute to the main growth engine: company content management, which did not contain the map, which acquired the Alliance in 2016 and sold the losses of the Alliance in 2017.
After the software operation (kofax), in the pre-epidemiological period of 2018-2019, the total battalion picked up 2.8 per cent and 6.3 per cent respectively, with the LA printer plus the original sulfon drum and the software services growing 4.7 per cent and 5.9 per cent, respectively, so we believe that, by eliminating the effects of the epidemic, the company achieved better integration after the merger and the acquisition of the LA, the rate of increase was already positive.
Figure 5: The growth in the revenue from the Benevolence Camp is mainly due to the sale of printers in the country (millions) and figure 6: corporate (excluding the Benevolent Maps) owners are affected by the LCs and General Consumption (billions).
The Māori rate is higher than that of the company as a whole, and the Māori rate of the map and LWL printers is rising year by year.
In terms of cost rates, we believe that companies will also benefit from the reuse of and access to in-house R & D resources and marketing channels, thereby reducing overall cost rates. Companies sell printers and consumables in the commercial sector mainly by domestic and foreign distributors, and in the creative areas mostly by collectors.
A system has been developed to share internal marketing resources and share the results of internal research.
The expansion in the size of the surcharge is expected to reduce the cost rate further in the future for the company as a whole. We believe that, with the completion of the company’s industrial chain M&As and the use of derivatives, market concerns about non-recurrent gains and losses have been contained, and uncertainty about future profits has been significantly reduced.
We find that the non-recurring gains and losses of the company since the company was listed are mainly the result of one-time adjustments of the Merger Reorganization Alliance + United States Tax Act + exchange gains and losses in 2017-2018, in conjunction with the fact that the company is already trading derivatives with financial institutions such as banks, and we believe that in the future:
2) no further substantial adjustments in US tax laws in the short medium term; 3) the operation of derivatives will significantly equalize the exchange rate risks faced by companies;
Thus, future non-net profits on remortization will be expected to keep pace with the growth in net profits on remortization. 1.3.4 Long-term borrowings and goodwill: starting with the LCL’s ultimate LCL company’s long-term borrowing and goodwill comes mainly from LCL’s leverage acquisition, and we believe that with the company’s repayment of the loan,
The risk of corporate borrowing and goodwill has been significantly reduced. Although in monetary terms, long-term corporate borrowing and goodwill came mainly from the Alliance’s leverage acquisition in 2016, there has been a marked downward trend in recent years, both in absolute terms and as a proportion of total assets;
In terms of overall debt-servicing capacity, there is an annual upward trend in the coverage of interest costs for the current year, both in terms of profits and in terms of the cash generated by the operation;
(b) On balance, we believe that the financial position of the company, which is dominated by the Alliance, is gradually improving, both in terms of the ratio of money and the interest burden, and that when the company acquires the map, it is largely dependent on the issuance of shares to raise funds, and that the map itself is long-term.
With a debt of less than 100 million (June 2021) on the table and no significant increase in the debt burden, we believe that the overall financial position of the Division is expected to improve in the future.
In 2021, there was a marked improvement in both the map and the net return profits of the company, the negative effects of the epidemic have gradually subsided, and the income from the map and the net return profits are well above pre-epidemiological levels, reflecting the resilience of the company ' s operations. In addition, the net profit from the company ' s size was largely contributed by chip operations before the merger, and we believe that the map, which is a good asset, has been consolidated into the map.
+chips will be the main net parent profit contributor. Figure 18: Net parent profit since 2018
1.3.6 Productive capacity: the capacity utilization and distribution rates have been rising year by year, and we believe that a gradual increase in the productivity of the company ' s production and distribution rates has highlighted the synergies of the supply chain at the end of the company ' s integrated production and sales:
1. According to the map, before they were acquired in 2021, the capacity of the entire machine and the original silicon drums was expanded at an annual rate of more than 40%, while the capacity utilization rate was gradually increased from 80% to 90%, from less than 90% to more than 100%, and companies were even required to use the odm model for production.
There are two major expansion projects, the first phase of the high-end equipment smart-manufacturing project for laser printers: the construction of the high-end equipment smart-manufacturing base for laser printers at the high-barrel port in Pearlhai, which will be 20.22 billion yuan, with an annual tax of about $500 million.
The project for the development and industrialization of high-performance, high-security laser series printers: Fattung County, Yutsu City, has invested 5 billion dollars and will be completed in 2026 as a base for the production of Mercedes printers and for the second manufacturing of consumables, which will allow the addition of medium- and high-level capacity for the production of 2 million fully equipped printers and their accompanying materials:
2. From the perspective of the Alliance, the main source of production for the Alliance is the production of odm, which was affected by the overseas epidemic and the shortage of electronic components. In 2020, production fell significantly, with a 14 per cent increase in printer sales in 2021, a trend that has picked up.
(Giga) 100% holding subsidiaries Joo Heinway, Chu Yuenjie, Standi and 51% holding the shares of Joo Hae: Chips are made by Espik (printing and consumption chips) and polar seas (non-printing iot chips). Production and sales are on a year-to-year upward trend, and production and sales rates are out of 100%, with overall supply and demand outnumbering.
In summary, we believe that the company's performance in the short term depends mainly on the sales of printers in domestic and emerging markets, and that, with the stability of the LA's performance and the risk of currency exchange, borrowing, goodwill, the lack of certainty in the short and medium term has declined significantly, while the supply of raw materials for chip operations can be alleviated if the problem of electronic components is mitigated.
The market is worried about the growth of printers as limited space in mature industrial markets, and we believe that, operationally, the barriers to participating in global competition are two main ones: the technical patent barrier + the head.
Vendor size effects and price barriers. Companies have broken through two major barriers and accumulated their competitive advantages: the performance advantages of a technology breakthrough; the cost-price advantages of a whole chain integration + a full product matrix; and the global distribution channels for the accumulation of generic consumables; these require appropriate targets for M&A opportunities.
The core logic of corporate performance development is that China’s good manufacturing firms, like the United States, take root at the same time and compete in a globalized world, so corporate development is not entirely dependent on a single market, with multiple segmented markets.
3) Overall, there are substantial structural upgrading opportunities within the printer industry, from black and white to colour, from a4 to a3, and market space growth has not stagnated in the breakdown of the track; the fuel industry has been more constrained since 2020 by insufficient supply of fuel materials due to the lack of cores for the disease, which has left the growth dynamic in the bulge market.
In addition, the company’s extremely strategic and forward-looking approach to the iot chip through the printing of chips and its rapid breakthroughs have led to economies of scale, which provide sufficient security for the company’s long-term performance growth. On balance, we believe that the logic of nationalization and internationalization of the company’s main printer is sustainable in the long run, iot.
The chip is expected to open up the market space, and the companies that will be able to restructure after Nirvana are able to break through with their sustained growth performance market concerns, so we continue to look firmly at the company ' s short- and long-term performance.
We believe that corporate technology and patent breakthroughs have created the preconditions for the company’s business to evolve in recent years. 2.1.1 Printers are high-tech, high-investment, high-proprietary-protected niche monopolies involving a variety of sophisticated science and technology with higher thresholds, such as laser imaging, microelectronics, precision chemical technology,
Proprietary technical barriers. Because printers are technology-intensive industries, core technologies are being developed by the United States and the United States.
In order to maintain a high return on printers and raw materials, printer branders usually set technical barriers through patent applications. According to corporate cover, 300,000 patents in the global print industry are highly susceptible to abuse in global market competition.
There are no more than 10 manufacturers with autonomous manufacturing skills, domestically sold printers, which are now mostly branded or replaced by foreign brands, and patent barriers prevent a large number of national product plates from participating in global competitions with autonomous and controlled laser printer technology and patents by 2.1.2 companies.
After many years of research and development accumulation and merger integration, the company has now achieved a4 black and white, a4 colour, a3 black and white, and a3 colour laser printers, consumables, and chip control. Since 2006, the company has been analysing and checking the patents of the printer industry and producing its own patent maps.
A basic patent technology platform was set up to conduct systematic targeted research. In 2010, the country’s first autonomous laser printer was released, and rapid technological progress was completed after the acquisition of the Alliance in 2016.
According to the company’s semi-annual report, some 5228 patents, including more than 359 autonomous patents, company-owned R & D.
In addition, 1,198 patent applications, including 1.74% of the world ' s patents, have been introduced since the creation of the Alliance, and 2.1.3 core personnel have been a strong and stable leader in the development of R & D inputs and per capita output. More than half of the company ' s directors and executives have been growing up in the Pearl Haussana era.
The core technical staff is more stable than 10 years old. There are currently more than 570 R & D teams, five core technicians working in companies and subsidiaries for more than 10 years, focusing on chip and print technology, and working through the Pearl Sea.
The investment centre (limited partnership) holds the platform and indirectly holds the shares in the Mercedes. R & D costs are higher. We compare companies with international head print brands, and we find that corporate R & D is a national leader in R & D inputs and income generation per capita.
Higher than their domestic counterparts, the decline to date in 2018 is due mainly to the restructuring and cost reduction of companies dominated by the League in 2017, which we believe will continue in the short term; moreover, corporate income is higher than the domestic average.
Figure 28: Per capita R & D costs for company technicians are higher than for their domestic counterparts (million yuan) Figure 29: Corporate per capita income generation is a national leader (million yuan). Overall, we believe that the accumulation of technology and patents by companies has broken through industry barriers and created competitive advantages.
And there is sufficient investment in company personnel and funding, and future competitiveness is expected to continue, which gives companies a prerequisite to compete in international markets. 2.2 At the heart of competitiveness: M & As restructuring brings synergies to the supply chain
In terms of performance results, in 2018, the net return profit of both the Beneaths and the LCL increased from negative to positive, excluding the effects of the epidemic, and the company also realized the pattern of the chip track by acquiring the Hangzhou Soto, and contributed $680 million to the company 's net profit in 2021 through high Maori.
So we think that merger restructuring has had a very positive impact on the company as a whole. We believe that the company’s integration in the industrial chain has brought about supply chain synergies, production synergies, product synergies, and market synergies.
The Division is located in Chuhai, the capital of the world, where, according to the Merkat Scheme, about 79.3 per cent of compatible printer consumables and 90.5 per cent of compatible printer chips are manufactured in China, while most of the printers, consumables, chips in China produce the energy of industrial clusters in Joohai, companies and engineers.
Production synergies: The Alliance moved from global surrogate production to centralized production at the company's head office, the “global capital of printing raw materials”, thereby reducing production costs: the LAF printer and original thong drum rates increased from 18.7 per cent in 2016 to 35.6 per cent in 2018, and subsequently remained stable at 35 per cent.
Product synergies: The LCL exits from the ibm printer sector, has an excellent mps system that allows for deep integration with the client ' s int system, and the product is positioned as a workstation for large institutions and government departments in developed countries, such as Euro-American Bank Insurance, and thus extremely sticky customers in the high-end markets of large clients, while the map runs from low-end products.
From the start, there was a greater accumulation in domestic and emerging markets, both collaborating on medium-end products, with 30 pages of high-performance black and white and colored laser printers printed every minute, filling the product gap and gaining access to previously HP, market synergies: 1) Maps can better draw on advanced management and manufacturing experience from abroad to upgrade products and upgrade them.
The price of a unit in the domestic market, according to our calculations, rose from $153.55 in 2019 to $171:2) the unit price for domestic sales of the original thong drums of the map to take advantage of the global cover accumulated during the general consumption era, the integrated marketing of the sales network resources of more than 50 countries and regions of the world, and the integration of local markets abroad.
A more rational and flexible channel strategy and market strategy. 2.3 The legal treasure of national production: the value for money advantage, we believe, is the product of companies because of their breakthroughs in technology patents and the effectiveness of supply chain integration.
There's a very strong value for money, and the value for money is the most important value of a productivity tool. We compare high-school three-track products, and we find that companies have a performance advantage on the parameters of the first page output time, monthly load cycle, memory, drum capacity, etc. at the lower and middle end of the machine, and the parameters have a price advantage.
As a result of the 30 per cent or more price advantage in products of the same grade, the company has a full-time value for money.
We believe that companies have a very competitive advantage in the area of credit creation: they require that core devices and technology are autonomously controlled and nationally appropriate. As printer and consumer chips, luminous drums, etc., leave a trail of files, they are extremely vulnerable to information leaks, so core parts of the credit market, for example.
Soc, lsu requires a higher degree of autonomy, greater safety, product testing through safety and confidentiality, and adaptation to nationally produced ecosystems, such as national production operating systems and software.
As a result of the breakthrough in technology patents and the consolidation of the Alliance, the company’s product matrix can be effective in meeting the needs of its credit clientele, and the company has a very strong competitive advantage over other producers in terms of its product abundance. Companies have a pre-emptive advantage in terms of national appliance.
The winning bid was "Concentrated Purchase of Printed Waste for Central State Agencies in 2010". In the same year, China's first autonomous nuclear heart-based laser printer, a printer, was republished in the People's Hall. The first, released in 2017, was the first, an autonomous colour-coloured laser printer, cp2500dn, which became the only printed product of the 19th.
The accumulation of technology has been accompanied by the accumulation of a wealth of credit-market clients and a good reputation. In terms of the size of the market, we estimate the size of the IT-printer market to be about 2 million per year: based on data from the Chinese market pc and laser printers from idc 2018 to 2020, our city.
The average ratio of field pc to laser printers is about 5.5, that is, 5.5 pc with a laser printer. According to Sadie's consultant, the Chinese government purchased about 4.889,000 pc per year in 2020, according to which the annual demand for laser printers by the Government is estimated at about 900,000 for the projected period.
According to the Chinese government’s purchasing network, the central collection of printers’ brands has sold as much as 2019.
37.5 per cent of the year ' s average price was also raised from $833 to $1148.6, reflecting the firm ' s strength in the area of credit creation, in terms of the overall volume of its output....The company ' s output in the credit market rose from 36,000 in 2018 to 3.2 worldwide commercial: a4 colour +a3-driven global expansion of its operations.
3.2.1 Markets: laser printers are high-speed, color-coloured, and we believe that there is incremental space in China’s laser printer market and that the global trend is high-speed and color-coloured.
The size of the printer market increased from $20.5 billion in 2015 to 2020. Figure 32: Global printer market (sales)
Figure 34: Market of Chinese printers (sales) Figure 35: Market of Chinese printers (volume of shipments)
D., global sales of high- and medium-end laser printers increased from 13.16 million in 2016 to 16.26 million in 2020 (cagr + 5.43 per cent) and Chinese sales of high-end laser printers increased from 1.44 million in 2016 to 2.32 million in 2020 (cagr + 12.66 per cent).
Colouring: global sales of colour laser printers increased from 7.27 million in 2016 to 7.64 million in 2020 (cagr+1.25 per cent) and Chinese sales of colour laser printers increased from 520,000 in 2016 to 770,000 in 2020 (cagr+10.31 per cent); sales increased to sales of global colour machines
From $21.2 billion in 2016 to $20.7 billion in 2020 (cagr-0.59 per cent), the sales of colour machines in China increased from $4.9 billion in 2016 to $7.6 billion in 2020 (cagr+11.6 per cent).
a3 Laser photocopiers tend to have higher unit prices. Global sales of a3 laser printers in 2020, the percentage of printers in the helipad category has gradually increased, and a3 printers at a higher unit price are expected to be the growth point of the helipad business.
The sales price of the mainstream a4 printer ranged from $500 to $250 to $2,500 and the sale price of the original a4 drum ranged from $140 to $600.
Figure 43: Portrait printer arrivals (by model, 10,000) The gradual increase in the global and domestic city rates highlights the productivity of the product, which we believe will continue to rise in the future. According to idc, the top five suppliers of 2021q4 global printers are the rest (HP - 24.3 per cent, HP - 24.3 per cent, HP - 24.3 per cent).
In contrast, 2021q4 barons produced 445.7 million (+83 per cent of the same year), representing 8 per cent of the global volume (spray ink, needle hole) up to 10 per cent of 2021q1.
According to Sadie's consultant, the sales of Bento in China's laser printer market rose from 0.4 per cent in 2016 to 1.43 per cent in 2020 and the sales increased from 1.1 per cent in 2016 to 3.86 per cent in 2020.
We believe that the company's consumption and chip plate, which are the company's starting business, is extremely stable and secure worldwide, and because of its positive correlation with printer holdings, we believe that the general consumption market is more stable overall over the next five years, and that the company's growth as a global laser printer competitor and first crop of general consumption is expected to be positive.
The key to the material is the chip. The material is divided into ink (ink cartridge, ink warehouse, ink) and laser (smelt) according to supplier type. Printer manufacturers generally use low-cost whole machines + high-priced prototypes. Commercial models are profitable. In order to compete with compatible consumer manufacturers, the entire plant will be in the printer.
Sets the soc chip, and sets the asic/mcu/soc chip in the consumables to identify the originals. On the value chain, the chip supplier accounts for 40-70% of the Māori, twice as much as the material manufacturer.
It's a good deal book, a six-to-eight-month break-up period after the printer's new items are marketed, and a gradual transition from acic chip to a hard-to-break soc chip, which we believe raises the technical threshold of compatible manufacturers and is expected to stretch the profit cycle of the original manufacturer.
There have been strong developments in one area, but the annual compound growth rate of the original thong drums has remained at 2.3% for the period 2016-2021, and we believe that, in addition to the superior quality of the original thong drums, the rise in the chip grade has also increased the mounds of the original plant.
The company has accumulated a wealth of chip design and anti-attack experience in more than two decades of development, compatible with the chip market, 1.36 billion a year, and is expected to reach 2 billion a year in 2025: in terms of city occupancy, the 2019 level of the combustible core represented the company's competitiveness on the chip.
Figure 50: China ' s compatible chip market is expected to reach 2 billion yuan in size. Figure 51: Nasda ' s compatible chip product is the market ' s first 3.3.2 + compatible hedge market fluctuations
We believe that the company ' s original and compatible consumables have staggered, with growth points mainly in the original materials, and that, as a result of the liberalization of overseas controls, the sale of European and United States consumables has resumed, which will further boost the company ' s raw materials business. In the case of raw materials, the increase in full-time holdings will continue to drive the expansion of the original materials, which are expected to be used in China.
The size of the market will reach 3,356 million: in business, we believe that the company’s original spent materials business is expected to continue to grow in the future with the growth of its full-time holdings. According to idc, China’s original spent materials increased from 27,850,000 in 2019-2021 to 2,982 thousand in 2019-2021.
Cagr + 3.5%, we believe that the future volume of raw waste materials is expected to continue to grow with the introduction of new printer items, with a projected volume of 33.56 million in 2025. The main point of growth in the company’s raw materials business is in the originals.
+30%, printer sales are equal to +33%, original waste materials are growing rapidly with the increase in holdings + 60%, LCL ebitda is equal to +16%, printer sales + 7%, and with the gradual elimination of epidemic control in the European and American markets, the original waste materials are beginning to recover significantly.
Figure 52: China ' s consumption (ink spray + laser) (millions) is expected to reach a total of 600 million globally in 2025, of which China is also responsible for a modest increase in future global compatible consumption markets due to stable global printer holdings
The size of the appliance market will be 5,500; in business, we believe that the growth of companies’ appliance business will be slightly better than the overall market.Cagr+1.9%, due to the lack of core due to the stoppage of the epidemic, we believe that the future global market size of appliance will be better than the overall market.
We expect China to have a market size of 55 million dollars in 2025, operating revenues of 4.9 billion yuan in 2021, a 1.5 per cent decline in the same year and a net profit of 240 million yuan.
This was a 29 per cent decline in the same comparison. The main reason for the change in performance was the rise in the prices of bulk materials and transport costs, as well as the continuing competition in the industry, where 2022q1 general consumption was affected by the epidemic, the shortage of spring-saving labour and the emergence of a low and gradual recovery.
4.iot chip: the possibility of replacing the vast global market of 4.1mcu with compatible outlooks, with a wide range of national production; the price of the generic mcu and the market space.
The model reached $19.6 billion (+23.7 per cent) and the volume of goods delivered was $30.9 billion (+11.8 per cent), mainly benefiting from the recovery of the economy. The volume price brought by Sue rose sharply, reaching $25 billion and 34.5 billion in 2025, and the rate of growth of 32 chips will gradually decrease at the level of Mcu research and development at home and abroad, with national production substitution becoming possible.
Forelooking economists, the global mcu market is occupied by US-European Japanese firms, but in terms of the level of R & D technology, domestic firms are gradually closing the gap, such as Leytech with a higher market share in wifi-mcu, as the only indigenous manufacturer in the first class of international leading firms in the field of Wifimcu.
The ratio rose from 25 per cent in 2017 to 35 per cent in 2019, and was higher than 17 per cent for UNDG.Fig.55: Global market size for mcu will reach $25 billion in 2025.Fig.56: Global market competition patterns for mcu
The company's research and development of iot chips is mainly carried out through polar semiconductors, with products focused mainly on generic mcu (apm32) that can be delivered, as well as safety soc (the Okawa series, based on the national production of Cpu nuclear)
Low-power bluetooth chip gw series; in research and development capability, the polar sea semiconductor has more than 300 integrated circuits, design teams with R & D centres in Joohai, Shanghai, Hangzhou, North Carolina, United States of America, and production-based research and development with recognized high-level schools and scientific institutions such as Zhejiang University, Hangzhou Mid-Tian Micro-System and Shanghai Micro-System of the Chinese Academy of Science.
An industrial-level generic mcu chip has successfully entered the core supply chain of new energy car bms and the project iso2662 Automobile Functional Security Certification System has been initiated, and it is expected that companies will have 32 mcu chips in the first half of 2022 for aec-q100 certification and Iso2662 Automobile Functional Security System certification
And the development of new products is progressing well; on the delivery side, the company has made steady cooperation with well-known manufacturers (elevators, sinks, rivers, rainbows, beautiful, upper-air Mitsubishi, pelicans, the Great Wall, etc.) and has achieved a rapid double growth in the volume of chips supplied and sales.
Soc chips in the Okawa gs series have been successfully used in the area of bulk power grids, industrial core equipment. The Okawa gs series is based on flathead cpu, and there are currently six products, of which gs300 is used mainly for industrial network nodes, gs500 is used mainly for trunking, gs600 is used mainly for gateways and backbones.
According to a company announcement, the Dakawa series of safety chips has been rated by experts from the Ministry of Science and Technology as an advanced, nationally advanced technology, certified as a state-secret level-II, and has been used in bulk in smart grid distribution devices. Semiconductor operations and net profits have recovered steadily. In 2021, Epike's electronics earned 1,432 million yuan.
Of this, the subsidiary, the polar semiconductor (non-printing industry chip), earns $290 million in business, the Alpike Electronics Total net profit of $698 million, an increase of 39.83 per cent in the same year, the net profit of the 2022q1 chip business increased by 10 per cent in the same year, and the non-print chip business grew by +150 per cent in the same year.
We compare the Aipeks with the Merkian, the Ding Dragon shares (the Cow chip and the polishing mat), the Monument Innovation (32 universal mcu), the Wifi-mcu, and the medium electronics (household control mcu) to the General Mcu.
We split the company into four main categories of printing and original loads, compatible consumables, chips, software authorization, and we believe that the distribution of printers (a4 colours, a3 highways) at the middle of the map will be in-country intel and emerging markets.
The country's market has grown rapidly, and average prices will gradually increase, leading to an overall increase in the Māori ratio, so we expect that the stock of the high-māori thongs will be released over the next three years with the printer holdings, and we think that the LWL printers and the original thongs are expected to be released as the Europe and America epidemic subsides, thanks to the LCL.
With the printing machines and the drums part being replaced by the map, there is a partial internal offsetting, which we expect to be offset by the fact that the global printer holdings are stable and the average price will be gradually reduced, the overall harvest of the fuel-consuming business will remain stable and the Maori rate will decline.
The chip business is another important part of the company's net profit, and we believe that future printer chips will grow, non-print chips (general mcu, security soc) will double as the core industrial equipment such as the auto industry chain, electricity grid, etc. is supplied in depth, and the overall chip will be priced on a high Maori iot chip.
The ratio has risen steadily, and has recovered steadily. 37.38%; because of the relatively large number of printer chips, revenue will have to be offset internally by the fact that the company’s software services are mainly saas printing management services, with major clients in Europe and the United States.
Other business is mainly the authorized cost of proprietary technology software, which we believe to be growing at a relatively stable rate, and we find that the company ' s Mercedes printer business has been increasing with the product transformation, the Maori rate has been increasing, the material compatibility rate and the chips have been decreasing as a result of the competitive Maori rate, and the rest of the business has been relatively stable in recent years.
At the rate during the walterparktown period, as the size of the company ' s income has increased, the rates have declined over the years for both the Beneign and the Company ' s period, as shown in figure 65: The rate has gradually declined over the company ' s period (excluding the Benevolent Map) (%)
We carry out segment valuations on the basis of the following steps in the following four major operations: the map (printer plus original thong drum), the LCL (print + original thong drum plus software service), the general consumption material, and the chip, which, because of its high growth, uses pegs, LCL and common consumption materials as pe valuations due to their greater maturity:
In terms of revenue collection, because of the large number of internal offsets (printers and materials replacements), we have increased competition for the elimination of general consumption as a result of the integration of the company's business and the erosion of the impact of the epidemic in terms of net profit rates, as we choose to offset the collection of pre-distribution revenues in the industry of compatible materials and in the business of the Alliance and chips.
In addition to the gradual decline in net profit margins and the increase in the rest of the business in 2021 on a year-on-year basis compared to 2020, we expect the operations of the Alliance and the General Consumption to be valued using pe because they belong to mature plates, and we believe that the company supply chain system is better than the comparable company stock and should therefore enjoy a higher valuation premium of p43.
The chip business is a high-growth chip. Using peg valuations, we choose car-borne chips to represent the manufacturer (Mixe Innovation, Beijing Kingzheng, Middle Electronics, Leather Technologies) as a comparable company, average 0.89.
Considers that the company is more growing up because it has more sufficient cash flow support, giving 0.9 times the peg, to Ben himself’s research opinion. Any portion of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
The owner should not rely solely on this report as a substitute for his own independent judgement; he should make his own investment decisions and take his own investment risks; any investment decisions and capital decisions made by investors should be based on this report.