Global ophthalmological service market leader, continued brand influence
By the end of 2023, there were 881 brand hospitals, ophthalmology centres and clinics worldwide, with medical networks spread across mainland China, Hong Kong, China, Europe, the United States, and South-East Asia. The company’s brand names have accumulated over the years, with 15 million outpatient visits in 2023.
The company is working to improve the chaining model, and the business map continues to expand. As the demand for medical services continues to expand, the prospects for long-term development are good. We expect the company to move forward with the 1+8+n strategic layout from 2024 to 2026, taking advantage of the hierarchical chain network system.
The company has worked to build a world-class ophthalmology centre (Chang Shayere), eight national and regional ophthalmology centres (Shangdu, Chongqing, Wuhan, Shenyang) and a leading ophthalmology hospital in N Province. The company’s flagship hospital is well developed, and Changsha, Wuhan, Chengdu, Liaoning, Chongqing, Guangzhou, Guangzhou, Guangzhou, Guangzhou, Guangzhou, Guangzhou, Guangzhou.
In 2023, the number of hospitals in the country reached 256, the number of outpatient clinics reached 183, and the network of medical services in the provinces, districts and municipalities continued to improve.
China ' s adult population has a large near-sighted and far-sighted population, and according to the data from a critical consultation, the market is expected to rise from 5.5 billion yuan in 2015 to 72.5 billion yuan in 2025, at a compound rate of 28.51%. According to the National Authority for Health Control, the near-visit rate of China ' s children and adolescents was 51.9% in 2022.
As the demand for professional optical and mirror services increases further, the market is expected to rise by 50 billion yuan by 2025. As the ageing of our population grows, the knowledge consultation is expected to be in the middle of 2025.
In recent years, the csr level of the cataract in China has risen significantly, but in contrast to other major economies in the world, the csr ratio is still low and has much room for improvement.
El ophthalmology was created in 2002 and is listed on the business board in 2009 as a professional ophthalmological chain of medical institutions, mainly dealing with various types of ophthalmological treatment, surgical services, and medical luminology mirrors. In 2016, the company officially launched an internationalization strategy, and now has medical networks in mainland China, Hong Kong, China, Europe, the United States, South-East Asia, etc.
As of December 31, 2023, there were 881 ophthalmology hospitals, ophthalmology centres and clinics around the world. Of these, 750 (including 439 on listed companies and 311 on industrial M&A funds) in China and 8 in Hong Kong, China, have broken 123 ophthalmology clinics overseas, including one in the United States and one in Europe.
There are 108, 14 in South-East Asia, and figure 1: El ophthalmology expands the global network, with 123 overseas clinics (up to 2023.12.31) with extensive coverage of ophthalmological treatment and services.
There are already 14 specialized groups covering specializations, ophthalmology, functional images, etc., all of which are headed by a team of eminent experts from a wide range of industries.
In the field of creative surgery, there are six major safety systems, namely, “inspection, equipment, specialists, technology, etc.
The optics group is led by a well-known national and international expert on vision, leading over 5,000 PhD students, postdoctors, opticians, and visualists.
Children and young people are provided with eye-to-eye and eye-health services.
The Cataracts Group is composed of more than 900 cataract surgeons who are known as industry cataract experts.
Crystals, leading cataract surgery into a knifeless, micro-inventive personality customisation, Cataracts Group, which is led by more than 50 experts in the field of eye-deficiency.
He's also led over 600 of the group's epidemiologists working on clinical and service work on various epidemiologic diseases, setting up a diagnostic platform for critical epidemiology, and conducting research and teaching on epidemiology.
In recent years, the number of company outpatients and surgeries has continued to rise. The number of company outpatients has been stable from 6.63 million in 2019, and the company’s equity structure has been stable and the subsidiary’s operations have been developed in concert. As of the 2024s, Chen Bang, the founder of the company, was the actual controller, with 42.94% of the total control of the company through direct ownership and control of the El Medical Investment Group Ltd.
The company has an ophthalmological hospital subsidiary in many places, and the solidarity group’s market penetration. Figure 3: The company’s equity structure is stable, the subsidiary’s coordinated development of the management team has a great deal of industry experience.
President, Vice-President of the Shayle Eye Hospital Group, Chairman of the El Eye Hospital Group, Executive Director of the Al Medical Treatment Investment Group Ltd., and part-time Director of the baa at Hunan University. Vice-President of the Company, General Manager Lee Li, Chairman and General Manager of the Shayle Eye Hospital, and Chairman and General Secretary of the Shael Eye Hospital Group.
The director of the company, the deputy general manager, and the secretary of the board of directors, Wu Shijun, have been appointed to the Shanghai Commission Research Office of the CCP, the Eastern International Group, the Tehhin Securities, the Yong-tae Securities, the Silver-King Shanghai Information Technology Company, Ltd., and are currently members of the tenth Shenzhen Stock Exchange.
The managers have a wealth of work history and management experience. 1.2. Rapid growth in performance, positive growth in profitability.
The company’s net profit from non-repatriation rose from 1,429 million yuan in 2019 to 3,514 million yuan in 2023, with the top three core business lines of Cagr being kurning surgery, visual services, and cataract surgery.
In recent years, the company’s share of total revenue in mainland China has remained around 88 to 89%. Overall profitability has improved steadily, and the Māori ratio for both tangential and visual operations has remained high.
Figure 10: Maintenance of a high Māori ratio for draught surgery and sight services and relative stability in the company ' s lifetime. Corporate management costs have remained within the range of 10 to 15% in recent years, with the ophthalmology market booming, the draughting and the rapid growth of sight operations
The market for ophthalmology services in China has continued to grow in size. As the country ' s ageing has increased, and the population ' s poor eye habits continue, according to Frost Sullivan, the overall regulation of the market for ophthalmology services is expected to expand from 73 billion yuan in 2015 to 223.1 billion yuan in 2024.
The market is growing rapidly, and is expected to be roughly the same size as the consumer-type market in 2024. By the institutional type, the public sector accounts for the bulk of the market for ophthalmology services, which is expected to exceed 150 billion yuan in 2024; the private sector is growing at a relatively faster rate, with its size expected to reach 2015 in 2024.
Figure 12: The market for ophthalmology services in China is expected to continue to expand (in billions of yuan) and in the market for the breakdown of operations, based on knowledge consultation data, medical visualization, cataracts, and the scale of draught surgery
Drunken surgery, eye disease, eye-watch disease.
The market for China’s ophthalmology hospitals has expanded from year to year, and the market for private ophthalmology hospitals has expanded more rapidly. Of the 74.8 billion yuan in the year, in 2024, the number of private ophthalmology hospitals is expected to reach 51.2 billion.
2.1. The high demand in the market for draught surgery drives the growth of the company ' s core business more rapidly
At present, the main treatments for kurning are kurning surgery and optical visual correction. Drurning surgery is a procedure to alter the shape of the front surface of the corneas in order to correct the kurning. The current dominant treatments for kurning failure include full-fly second surgery, half-fly second surgery, full laser surgery, implanted contact lenses (icl)
Among them, as the standard of living of the population improves, and as the type of surgery is updated, mid- and high-end operations, such as full flying seconds, icl., have developed faster in the market for treatment of kurning orthopaedic surgery because of their small incision and precision. Ordinary operations, such as half-flying seconds, are still a large number of second- or third-line city patients, owing to their low cost and wide applicability.
China’s near-sighted, far-sighted patient population is large, and is expected to grow. According to Qualified counselling data, the number of near-sighted patients in the country is expected to reach 360 million in mid-2025, and the number of adults who see patients (with old eyes) is expected to reach 250 million.
With China’s general access to treatment for poor surgery, hundreds of millions of yuan have risen year by year to 72.5 billion yuan in 2025. Figure 18: China’s market is expected to grow rapidly.
As the company’s core business, the company’s collection of draught surgery has continued to grow rapidly in recent years, reaching $7 billion in 2023, doubling the 2019 harvest, and keeping the Māori ratio constant.
Population ageing contributes to the rapid growth of the cataract treatment market Cataracts refer to retrogressive changes in optical quality resulting from reduced crystallized transparency or changes in colours. As age increases and other factors, the proteins of the cataracts are disassemble and condensed and accumulated.
The incidence of cataracts among Chinese adults reached 22.78 per cent a year. The incidence of cataracts is highly related to age. According to the data published at the International Conference on New Progress in the Operation of Leather Cataracts in 2018, the incidence of cataracts in the 60-89 age group is about 80 per cent, and the incidence of cataracts in the 90-year-olds is more than 90 per cent.
The number of cases of cataract surgery per million people in China has risen rapidly, from 83 cases per million in 1988 to 3143 cases per million in 2019. Although China’s csr level has risen significantly, China’s csr ratio remains low compared to other major economies around the world, and there is room for further development.
Figure 20: China ' s csr has crossed 3,000, and there is still a large gap with other major economies around the world. Treatment of cataracts is standardized by artificial crystal replacement. On 30 November 2023, the national organization ' s centralized crystal tape purchases produced the proposed selection results, with a marked reduction in the cost of artificial crystals, which is expected to benefit a wide range of recipients.
The number of cataracts in China is very high. As the ageing of the population increases, the number of cataracts in China continues to rise.
The market for cataract surgery in China continues to grow at a rapid rate. According to the knowledge consultation data, the market for cataract surgery in China was about 19.5 billion yuan in 2019, and as the ageing rate deepens and the standard of living of the population rises in China.
The market for cataract surgery is expected to reach 33.9 billion yuan in 2025. Figure 21: As ageing increases, the number of cataract patients in China is expected to continue to grow. Figure 22: China ' s cataract surgery market is expected to expand rapidly.
2.3 Children and young people have a high rate of near-sightedness and a high market space. According to monitoring data from the National Agency for Disease Control, the overall rate of young children in 2022 was 51.9 per cent, of which 71.4 per cent and 81.2 per cent, respectively, were in lower secondary and upper secondary school.
The proportion of pupils in the near-visibility category in the upper-middle- and upper-visibility category totals 46.7 per cent. Figure 25: Nearly half of students in the upper-middle- and upper-vision category (2022): 51.9 per cent (2022)
Children and young people are a critical period of nearsightedness, and a critical stage in nearsighted prevention and intervention. Visualization is the most widespread, safe, economical, near-sighted orthopaedic means of redress for young people who are in a state of disrepair. According to optical principles, it is refracturing through mirrors or non-permanent changes (e.g. cornea contact mirrors) in the eyes of the eye.
The visual market consists of two categories: traditional and medical. Traditional reading is obtained mainly through computer-based spectrometry.
Correspondingly, medical sightings refer to activities such as optics and visual mirrors conducted in hospitals and other institutions, with the guidance of a professional physician. According to the CCS data, the market for medical light in China in 2019 was 22.8 billion yuan in size.
As consumer demand for professional optical and mirror services increases further, market volume is expected to continue to grow, reaching $50 billion in 2025. Corporate sight services performance has grown rapidly.
The immediate surgery refers to the front of the eye. The surgery performed by diseases such as corneas, rainbows, mascara, crystals, usually includes glaucoma, corneas, eye orthopaedics, etc.
The operation of the back-of-the-eye structure, such as glass, retinal, etc., usually includes end-of-the-eye disease, prosthesis and simple retinal removal surgery. Table 7: Treatment of multiple common eye diseases for immediate and back-of-the-eye surgery
The company has steadily increased its operating expenses from 11.07.3 in 2019, steadily implementing the strategic layout of the “1+8+n” strategy, improving the hierarchy of networks, and exploring and building the “path-seeing” situation created by the asymmetrical distribution of demand and supply.
• Establishment of a "centre city hospital - provincial capital city hospital - local city hospital - county level hospital" chain model, where higher-level hospitals can provide medical technical support to lower-level hospitals, where patients can be referred to higher-level hospitals, and ophthalmological services covering the vast majority of urban and rural districts in China, providing high-quality, accessible medical services to a larger number of patients
In 2022, based on a new starting point for the twentieth anniversary of the company, and based on a hierarchical chain model, the company proposed to build an ophthalmological network of “1+8+n” by creating a world-class ophthalmology centre (Change Shayle ophthalmology), eight national and regional ophthalmology centres (North Deepness, Chengdu, Chongqing, Wuhan, Shenyang), N Province I
The promotion of the “1+8+n” strategy will deepen the company's hierarchical chaining model, empower the higher hospital to take full advantage of the hierarchical chain, and the company's hospitals and clinics continue to expand. The company continues to promote the central city.
And the construction of regional ophthalmology centres in the capital city of the province, with a view to further improving the network of medical services in the provinces, districts and municipalities, and increasing the layout of the ophthalmology clinics (clinics). The number of hospitals in the company has grown steadily from 2019 to 2023 in the Central City flagship hospital.
Ning, Chongqing, Guangzhou, Dongqing, and Shenzhen have all maintained their top 10 performances. In 2023, the top 10 El ophthalmology hospitals received more than $200 million, the net profit of Changsha, Wuhan, Chengdu, Liaoning 4 flagship hospitals advanced the development of science innovation platforms and accelerated the conversion of results.
In 2023, the company had nearly 1,000 research and development staff, nearly half of whom held a full/brained degree. 53 provincial projects, 14 municipal projects: 107 papers published by company experts in 2023 in the Sci/medline journal and 42 papers in the Chinese core/statistical source journal. As of June 2023, the company had a copy of the paper.
In 2023 to date, the company has hosted a series of international forums and academic meetings covering various types of ophthalmology and treatment services, such as kryptonum surgery, cataracts, dyslexia, retinals, etc.
In addition, corporate experts actively participate in important international ophthalmological conferences such as the annual meeting of the American Society of Visual and Scientific Sciences, the annual meeting of the American Association of Drummy and Cataract Surgeons, the annual meeting of the Asia-Pacific Society of Eye Sciences and the Asia-Pacific Association of Cataracts and Drummy Surgeons.
Figure 36: Active participation of corporate groups in a number of national and international academic meetings in 2023 Positive developments in corporate R & D projects and improved levels of co-help medical services. According to the company ' s 2023 report, several R & D projects of companies have reached the conclusion criteria in terms of research progress and several projects are designed to use numbers
Expected impact on the future development of the company Construction: completion of three catch-up schemes to restore collusive operations. Multi-modular amd data sets were constructed and multi-stage interactive labelling tools developed.
It's a label for the amd data set. Two-amd computer-assisted diagnostic techniques have been introduced for the amd dry-wet classification that can ease the professional-based old branch attention network approach based on multi-module information. An integration of doctors has been proposed for the md wetness or fibrosis mission, reducing the amd error rate, enabling patients to have trans-stereotype interactive learning methods for high-precision observable and wide-angle images of the amd wetity, timely treatment of amd wet sub-types, and reduction of blindness or blindness due to yellow fragility.
Classes propose a two-stage classification based on migration learning, which has a significant clinical significance in the El ophthalmological data set and a degree-assisted diagnostic study in terms of impairment of functionality, which validates these methods.
After the completion of projects focusing on structural design, key technological breakthroughs and systems development, El ophthalmological health will be significant.
Work, including zero confidence security protection architecture for the big data platform for eye health, multiplatforms, building an independent safety cut in the platform, supporting safety, visualization of zero confidence-based health eye isomer services detection and microsegregation and continuous diagnosis of large data platform security
Visualization and fine-tuning of the protection strategy. This should be a big data platform security and mitigation. The development of a multi-operational micro-segregation system for the big eye data platform has been completed and will be used to significantly enhance the informationization of the El ophthalmological Hospital Group.
The software system will be deployed at the Group Data Centre for centralized testing and will be able to handle the security management capabilities of Linux and will become an infrastructure in the medical field such as systems, dockers, etc., and the Yunwon platform.
One of the most efficient applications of security and data security, publication of a related paper, 5 profit forecasting and investment recommendations
The company’s chain expansion continues to expand, and the three core ophthalmology operations have solid market demand as a basis for growth, and the company is expected to continue to grow its performance in the future. We expect the following performance growth for each section of the business: (1) The performance of the tangential surgery operations has improved steadily, with a further increase in the number of patients suffering from discomfort.
And universal access to churning in China, where firm growth in corporate performance is expected to continue, 2024-2026, (2) cataract operations are expected to grow further as ageing increases, while csr levels of cataracts are still low compared to other major global economies, and coverage of cataract surgery is expected to increase.
(3) The future of light services is expected to continue to grow robustly, as consumers need to specialize in medical light (4) the immediate operating business is expected to continue in the future as demand from the market rises for glaucoma, dactilism, etc. (5) the latter operating business is expected to grow as market size, such as eye disease, expands further and is expected to expand
After more than 20 years of development, the company has built an extensive network of medical services. With the huge eye consumer market, the company will take full advantage of the branding, scale, further expansion and performance of the industry, and we appreciate the company ' s long-term development, with the company ' s projected net return profits for 2024-2026, respectively.
Compared to the average valuation of comparable companies, El ophthalmological values are slightly higher; considering that companies, as the world’s leading ophthalmological medical institution, have a wide range of visibility and good reputations, the continued expansion of markets, both within and outside the country, will further enhance the company’s market share and competitiveness.
The continuous increase in awareness is expected to further increase the profitability of the company, so the valuation premium is reasonable, it is covered for the first time, and it is rated “buy-in.” Medical risk: For eye surgery, although most operations are performed under microscopes and cut
The mouth is very small, but due to the fine structure of the eye, the fragile organization and the fact that the quality of the eye surgery will be influenced by a variety of factors, such as the doctor's level, the patient's physical and psychological differences, the diagnostic equipment, the quality control level, etc., there is an inevitable medical risk in the ophthalmological institutions.
Managing risk: Linkage allows companies to take advantage of the full sharing of resources, rapid replication of models, and rapid expansion, but as the network of medical services expands, companies will face greater management challenges. Authorizing the use of brand risks and litigation and arbitration risks: companies license them through participation in investment industry M&A funds
Investments, use of labels and the "El" labels in established hospitals are better suited to meet the needs of ophthalmological patients everywhere. Authorized use of branded hospitals may result in failure to meet company-imposed operating standards, serious violations, medical accidents, medical disputes, etc.
Risk events affect the corporate brand image as a whole. At the same time, when patients or other third parties are in trouble with the hospitals, there is a possibility that the other party will sue the listed company as co-defendant for arbitration, which leads the company to face.