The 1+8+n model brands and the ophthalmological tap barriers continue to be added, and on October 24, 2024, the ophthalmologist is a leading ophthalmologist, performing well. El ophthalmology was established in 2002 and is in deep contact in 2009.
It is listed as the country’s first ipo ophthalmological chain of medical services. As a global ophthalmological chain of medical devices, the company’s network of services is located both within and outside the country, and currently stands at 881 institutions. The company maintains a large ophthalmological patient base, low consultation rates, and drives the expansion of the market for ophthalmological medical services.
In 2022, the market in the ophthalmology service sector in our country was approximately $14,200 million, an increase of 7.9 per cent over the same period, with private establishments occupying half of the wall (38.7 per cent of the size), medical personnel and advanced equipment being ophthalmology.
The M & A fund model helps to grow, and the “1+8+n” construction deepens operations. The “listed company +pe model” built by El ophthalmology can use Pe to pool large amounts of money and resources, then through quality targets and advances.
Managing the export of anti-breeding is mutually beneficial. Model 1+8+n is configured to create a high-level medical tree. There is a marked imbalance in the country's health-care resources, with high-quality resources concentrated in provincial capital cities to solve the problem of Le Yeon-hee.
With regard to the relatively weak level of health care at the district level, the company created a four-tier business model of “1+8+n”, namely, a world-class ophthalmology hospital (Chang Sha'il) and eight national ophthalmology centres (Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou, Shenzhen, Wuhan, Shenyang, Chengdu, Chongqing), and the provincial capital city hospital, led by the location of a high-class provincial level.
The branding effect is becoming more visible, and investment in talent development is increasing.
There is a gap between the share of public and private hospitals in the market. El has set up a top-down, lean and efficient management system, and, with compliance and efficient management, regional hospital addresses are expected to grow as the number of years of operation rises.
(b) Multiple incentives to bind the most core doctor resources: companies have established a competitive remuneration system in the market, and successively multi-layered incentives are put in place to enable core talent and companies to form long-term benefit partnerships and promote resource sharing.
In addition, the company has focused on working with a number of schools to improve its talent development system. The investment proposal is that the company, as the leader of eye care services, will build up barriers as brand power increases, adding to the current low penetration rate of ophthalmological consultations, and the growing population of the country will bring about demand.
\triangleright risk; 4) spread less than expected risk; 5) consumption pressure risk. 1 El ophthalmology: China as a axis, vision world
1.1 Deep-farming ophthalmology is 20 years old, with global, domestic and external power, ophthalmology taps and good performance. El ophthalmology was established in 2002 and listed in 2009, as the country’s first ipo ophthalmological chain of medical services.
The ability to grow is particularly strong in such operations as therapeutic treatment, surgical services, and medical optical mirrors. With the ability of leading industries and the continuous development of service network layouts, companies have been able to maintain a steady momentum and show their resilience through successive external shocks, such as the “knife door.”
Figure 1: The stock price and development history of El ophthalmology is now on the market, and the global network is perfect, and it works both within and outside the country. As a global ophthalmological chain, El ophthalmology has a network of services, both within and outside the country. As of 12m23, the total number of institutions under the group has reached 881.
Mainland China: Companies have expanded rapidly through new acquisitions by listed companies and the creation of M & As funds. As of 12m23, there were 750 ophthalmological institutions in mainland China, 439 of which were listed, and 311 of which were under the M & As Fund; 2) offshore markets: companies have started internationalized M & As since 2015
The pace was followed by the acquisition of leading offshore ophthalmological institutions, such as the Asian Medical Group in Hong Kong, China (2015), the United States of America ' s millingwang ophthalmology (2017), Europe ' s clinicabaviera.s.a (2017), and South-East Asia 's isechealthcare ltd (2019). As of 12m23, the company ' s ophthalmology was aggregated.
The Bureau ' s 131 ophthalmological centres and clinics, including 8 in Hong Kong, China, 1 in the United States, 108 in Europe and 14 in South-East Asia, have evolved into a worldwide network of health services. 1.2 Equity structures are centralized and core executives are closely involved.
The equity structure is relatively centralized, with the core executive partner having a clear division of labour over the years. By 24h1, the manager held 42.94% of the company ' s shares directly and indirectly (through the Al Medical Investment Group) and the deputy chairman and general manager, Li Li Li, 10.33% of the company ' s shares, both of which were held together.
The company’s core management is stable and clearly divided. The president, Chen Bong, and its managing director, Li Li Li, are the founders and partners of the company for almost 20 years, of which Chen Bong is primarily responsible for the company’s macro-strategic development, Li Li is primarily responsible for the day-to-day management and sustainable development of the company, and the two are clearly divided.
1.3 The company's performance has grown over a 10-year period, with a combination of growth capacity and a steady rise in business performance, in a context of external hardship. As the country's first ipo's ophthalmology chain, the medical service company, with its leading industry's operational skills and a continuously well-developed network of services, the company has been able to develop its own business skills.
Other years have seen rapid growth, except in the wake of individual events, such as the “Knife Gate” and the “Weisssie Incident” network, which have been subject to internal and external shocks, which have demonstrated El's own resilience, the year 2019-2023's operating income, Cagrda Gate, and the year 2022's new q4 q4 epidemic.
Figure 3: Changes in net profit from El ophthalmology (millions of dollars)
Figure 4: El ophthalmological Māori ratio (% change) Figure 5: El ophthalmological net interest rate (% change)
The cost rate has been falling year by year, and the current three-cost rate is stable. 1.4 The structural adjustment of operations has been optimized and the policy of diffusing and increasing the visibility of operations has led to structural adjustments and new opportunities for growth.
Established; in March of the following year, eight departments, such as the Health Care Board and the Health Services Authority, launched a programme of special medical damage management action to combat the “disturbation” of the ophthalmological cataracts — that is, private ophthalmology takes over the cataract screening market on a preferential basis, free of charge, with an overall slowdown in the growth of cataract operations, with force majeure in 2022.
In 2023, with the release of late demand from the past external environment, there was a significant rebound in the income from the cataract business. Under the new pattern, the company's business was restructured and its share of cataract business was on the decline, but with the year-on-year increase.
As the ageing of the population rises, the cataract business is expected to increase further, sorcerers spin from the recognizable cataracts, light cataracts upgrade, high-end multi-focal crystals, flying-second cataracts, etc.
In recent years, the main driving forces of the business have been depression, visualization, etc. The company’s main operations include contortion surgery, cataract surgery, front-line surgery (earms, iris, mascara, transistors, etc.), back-eye surgery (glasses, retinals, etc.), visual services and other operations (other types of medical services and marketing of medicines, equipment, consumables, etc.).
In recent years, companies have continued to raise the share of high-end kurning operations, such as full flying seconds, icl., while, with the fall of the country’s recent anti-control strategy, the brand influence of El Xia has further increased, contributing to steady growth and quality upgrading in the kurning and visual industries.
Figure 8: Revenue from major Al Ophthalmies 19-23 (millions of dollars) Figure 9: Year-on-year business growth in Al Ophthalmies 18-23, with a higher rate of draught surgery and sighting services from non-medical insurance projects, 2023
In contrast to 57.4 per cent and 57.1 per cent, respectively, there is an upward trend in the Māori rate as the cataracts are upgraded.
2.1 The market for ophthalmology services in China has increased steadily, and there are broad prospects for a breakdown of the track, with a large base of patients with ophthalmological diseases and a low rate of consultations, and an increase in the number of ophthalmological treatments. The ophthalmology is part of a three-pronged medical track called “Drugs + Devices + Services.” The domestic ophthalmology market maintains a high rate of double-digit growth.
By 2021, the overall market for ophthalmology had reached nearly $210 billion. The market for ophthalmology services was the largest in terms of the size of the market, reaching about 72%, followed by equipment, accounting for about 17%.
By 2019, the market size of our ophthalmology services had reached $10,374 million (19.6 per cent in 2016-2019), while private ophthalmology services accounted for 38.7 per cent of the total industry (21.2 per cent in 2016-2019), mainly (1).
The expected increase in the number of ophthalmological patients (2) further stimulates the demand for medical services (3) The technical overlap of private ophthalmology equipment is prominent, the trend towards professional mobility tends to be a combination of multiple factors, such as private ophthalmology services, and the total size of the ophthalmology service sector is expected to reach 250 billion yuan in 2025.
The ratio of private hospitals in China will continue to climb, accounting for 43.7% of the total industry. The market for eye care in our country is composed mainly of three separate markets, namely, dredging, eye disease, and visual light.
Most markets are more than 70% concentrated, showing a country-wide dispersion and regional concentration. The main needles of the kryptonum surgery are biased against kryptonite (including near-sightedness, far-sightedness, scattering and old-fashioned flowers); eye treatment for cataracts, glaucoma, eye bottom diseases, etc.; medical sight usually consists of medical photoscopes and kryptophoto correction.
The market for technical, cataract, medical visual and eye diseases was larger, accounting for 17 per cent, 18 per cent, 21 per cent and 14 per cent, respectively, in 2019.
The number of eye patients in the country is huge, and the trend is increasing year by year. According to the data, in 2019, the number of patients with the most common ophthalmological diseases and the lack of scientific use of electronics will be one of the main points of increase in the number of eye patients in the future.
Not to mention 530 million (55.2 per cent), 250 million (27.5 per cent) and 130 million (14.3 per cent), a further breakdown of the population is expected in 2025, with children accounting for approximately 40 per cent of the near-sighted patients in 2019, while adults account for nearly 90 per cent of the far-sighted patients, and the ratio is expected to rise further to 42 per cent and 90 per cent in 2025, respectively.
The demand has long-term cyclical characteristics, so we believe that these eye patients will last for a long time and that there are now large differences in the treatment of eye diseases compared to other clinical disciplines, mainly because of the complexity and sophistication of the eye structure, and therefore the upgrading of diagnostic techniques and the continued extension of treatment methods.
Taku is very important for eye therapy. Advanced ophthalmology technologies such as cornea decomposition, eye decomposition, ultrasound emulsion, artificial crystal implantation, etc., have emerged, and close vision and cataracts have been allowed to heal. In the future, ophthalmological research will be further developed on the basis of highly disaggregated disciplines.
2.1.2 At the end of the supply: medical personnel and advanced equipment are key to the continued development of the industry.
The number of medical practitioners and nurses at our ophthalmology hospital has increased significantly in recent years, with a 2.5-fold increase in the number of ophthalmologists in 2021 compared to 2015, which is related to the importance we have attached to the ophthalmology industry in recent years. However, according to the data from the ophthalmology consultation, the same period in 2015 was compared to the United States, the United Kingdom, Japan.
In developed countries, the number of ophthalmologists per million people in the country is still very high. As a result, the supply of ophthalmology services in the country is still relatively short.
ophthalmology requires the support of advanced medical equipment, and private ophthalmology has a greater advantage here. Under the advanced breakdown of ophthalmology, ophthalmology equipment has been made new and has been growing faster, and products have been rapidly developed in a feasible, usable and sophisticated direction, which will require ophthalmological hospitals to increase the pursuit of related ophthalmological products.
Data from the China Health and Health Statistics Yearbook show that the total value of equipment at our specialist ophthalmology hospital in 2021 was 15.23 billion yuan, nearly three times as high as in 2015, that it was more flexible to invest equipment in private medical institutions, and that the corresponding speed of introduction of new equipment was more positive and therefore more technologically available.
Figure 18: The total value of equipment in our specialist ophthalmology hospital in excess of 10,000 yuan (US$ 10,000) and the geographical differences in the distribution of ophthalmological health care in our country are clear. The Chinese Health and Health Statistics Yearbook shows that our equipment in excess of 10,000 yuan is concentrated in the eastern part of the country and is highly relevant to demographic characteristics and the economy.
Shanghai is far above the national average, with an ophthalmological bed density of 2,440 units per square kilometer, followed by Beijing, Tianjin, Shandong, Jiangsu, and so on. In the future, along with economic development and the macro-regulation of policy resources, the supply side will grow steadily and the central and western regions will have great potential for development.
2.2 The private eye service is expected to grow into a strong industry with increased brand power. The China Health Statistics Yearbook shows that our specialized hospitals are growing rapidly, and in 2021 the number of private specialized hospitals was nearly three times higher than in 2015, accounting for the total number of specialized eye hospitals.
Compared to the public ophthalmology hospital, the private ophthalmology hospital-specific chain development architecture, personalized service features, and good policies will further expand the expansion of private ophthalmology. So, we see that private ophthalmology has become a central pillar in the development of the ophthalmology industry.
Public hospitals, with their natural endorsement advantage, have a certain advantage in the market for eye services, showing a remarkable rainbow-smoking effect. However, as the branding of private eye hospitals continues to strengthen, such institutions are expected to gradually increase the flow of patients by increasing brand influence and quality of services.
Private ophthalmology hospitals have the advantage of personalized services not available in traditional public ophthalmology hospitals.
In addition, the scale, systematization and branding advantages of cross-regional expansion will distribute operating costs, enhance the flow of talent and upgrade the area of technical radiation.
Multilayered mitigation efficiency gains. 2.3 “Super many” has emerged, leading barriers have gained prominence, development has continued to improve, industry patterns have evolved. Subject to hospital size and government budget constraints, public health care is in place.
The upgrading of ophthalmological equipment, such as kurning, visuals, is not as fast as private ophthalmology, where the industry's “more than one” pattern, centred on an el ophthalmology, has developed. El ophthalmology has become a recognized industry leader with a well-developed network of service and excellent management.
El ophthalmology is largely nationalized and its pattern is stable. Among the private ophthalmology, El ophthalmology is the most extensive.
In Chongqing, there are four listed companies in Guangdong for ophthalmology services, which shows that local medical resources are relatively high relative to each other and that they are relatively strong in consumption.
The M & A model contributes to growth, with the "1+8+n" construction to deepen the M & A model, with the 3.1 M & A model, with regional coverage increasing efficiency, and the M & A model helping companies and p to achieve win-win results.
The model combines a great deal of money and resources with a high-quality target and advanced management to export anti-feeding p. It operates in a way that helps build a new hospital through three to five years of nurturing, and then integrates successful quality in vitro assets into El ophthalmology at the right price, with a corresponding amount of money.
The “listed companies +pe” can effectively reduce the impact of traditional expansion on the financial performance and cash flow of listed companies and achieve a precise and rapid expansion. 1) Establishment phase and fund-raising: In the process of being established, El ophthalmology is primarily a limited partnership
The company’s forward financial accounting is mainly based on the cost of available financial assets, which effectively avoids the financial impact on the company’s position of pre-merger losses.
Figure 23: Operating model of the El ophthalmological M & A Fund - Based on the El ophthalmology Case, INSV 2) Operational phase: PE Fund ' s efforts at this stage to speed up in vitro hospitals through resource consolidation and operational experience
The layout, El ophthalmology, is supported by standardized management systems. The external labels under the flag are marked as "Eir," which means that they can share high-quality clients, brand-effect radiation, training support, standardized management systems, etc.
3) Integration phase: an in vitro hospital that has passed the incubation stage and that has a certain level of profitability and meets the corresponding standards of internal control of the Department, the listed company buys in separate instalments by means of its own funds or shares issued out of public interest. (The internal control standard is generally the establishment and operation of a profit/loss balance for more than two years.)
The hospital has been established and is operating for more than two years, is stable, has stable personnel, has a high quality health care team, and has a reasonable job structure locally.
The company values the future growth of the hospital and the current market environment. The company buys extra in vitro hospital valuations, which are roughly two to three times higher, and the industry as a whole is being eliminated.
In the current market environment, we have observed that the value of the company's acquisition of an in vitro hospital has slipped in order to safeguard the interests of listed companies.