The mission was completed on schedule, with a significant acceleration in direct camp access, and the semi-annual evaluation of the food and beverages industry in Guizhou (600519) in the year 2020.
On 29 July 2020, Maotai, Guozhou, published its semi-annual report for 2020, which achieved business income of $43.953 billion, or +11.31 per cent, for 20h1 companies, and a net profit of $22.602 billion, or +13.29 per cent, for listed companies, or +17.99 per cent, for ps.17.99.
20q2 1-quarter operating income of 19.547 billion yuan, or +95.5 per cent; net profit of 9.508 billion yuan, or +8.92 per cent, attributable to listed companies. Over half of mission 20h1 was completed on schedule, with direct channel release and a steady marketer's team showing bright spots
The net profit of the listed company was 22.602 billion yuan, compared to 13.29%, mainly due to a significant increase in the rate of time spent during the reporting period, while the tax and surcharge share of income decreased by 2.28 pct.
By sales channel, 20h1 achieved revenue of $5,153 million, or +221.63 per cent, or an increase of 7.67 pct to 11.73 per cent, compared with the historical high; wholesale agent revenue realized 326 fewer, q2 fewer than 10 fewer during the reporting period (of which five fewer,
The cost rate has continued to improve, and the company’s channels have become more powerful.
As a result of the change in accounting standards, transport costs are charged to operating costs. The parent net interest rate is 49.53 per cent, an increase of 1.07 pct over the same period, mainly as a result of a narrow recovery of the cost during the period. The overall cost rate for the period 20h1 is only 9.3 per cent, which is higher than in the next spring, resulting from a reduction in marketing activities during the epidemic.
Billion dollars, with a marked improvement in the ring ratio, is expected to be due mainly to the return to normal progress in corporate lending following the epidemic, highlighting the channel letter, the news and market recognition in the first quarter of 2019 in Maotai, Guizhou (600519). Net cash flows from the sale of goods, cash received for the provision of services and operating activities
Review: 20o1 performance grew robustly and performance certainty remained high throughout the year, resulting from the same reduction in client deposits and peer deposits.
After half an hour, Mao Tai made his head look better, and after the general depression in the White and Wine industry, Mao insisted that “the plan remains the same, the mission is the same, the mission is the same.
Year after year, certainty remains in the industry, and employees’ incomes are not falling, setting a leading example for the recovery and development of the white and wine industry. After a short fall in the price of Mautai prices as a result of the impact of the epidemic, the price has been warming since the second quarter and is now at the $2,500 mark.
As the firm with the most certainty of growth in the white and wine industry, Mao Dai has continued to deepen the reform of its channels, along with economic recovery, the increase in demand reheating and the increase in the company’s direct presence, we are firmly convinced of Mao’s strong fundamentals of resilience and future growth. At the same time, the continued price boom has kept the probability of future offers of price compliance high.
III. Profit forecasting and investment proposals Summary of corporate financial statement data projections, such as the outbreak or economic downturn that drag demand, the pace of performance release less than expected
Jujie, Bachelor of Economics and Master of Arts, Beijing University. Entered the securities industry in 2011, and is now in charge of food beverages and agricultural orientation studies at the Institute of Civil Securities.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.