The Shinji Mountain Billion has grown steadily and the direct route has accelerated its landing.
In the first half of 2020, the company earned $439.53, an increase of 8.92 per cent over the same year. Revenue profits have remained “double-digit” growth, laying a solid foundation for the achievement of the year's goal.
Market data: July 28, 2020: 12.8 per cent increase in the same year: 4.65 billion yuan in liquor series, a 0.1 per cent decrease in the same year, mainly in order to further optimize the marketing network layout, enhance the overall strength of distributors, companies to some of the sauce fragrance systems
Liquor distributors have been restructured to add one to the number of soy sauce series wine dealers and to reduce the number of soy sauce series wine dealers by 293 during the reporting period. 2) According to sub-channels, direct sales by companies in the first half of the year generated revenue of $5.15 billion, an increase of 221.63 per cent, or 11.7 per cent, and an increase of 7.7 percentage points, respectively.
The increase of 3.8 percentage points in the ring ratio is mainly due to the company ' s increased investment in direct, ka, electricity, etc.; the wholesale channel generated revenue of $38.76 billion, an increase of 2.41 per cent over the same period, an increase in the profitability of the cost of the investment, and a marked improvement in the value of the pre-receipt ring.
\triangleright cost 9.30%, a decrease of 2.74 pct, a decrease of 2.55% for sales, a decrease of 2.28 pcc, mainly due to the impact of the epidemic, the lower cost of inputs to the Mautai liquor market and the lower cost of sales.
Adjustment of transport to main operating costs in accordance with the new income guidelines; management cost rate of 6.57 per cent, or 0.15 pcc less compared; financial cost rate of -0.16 per cent, or 0.16 pc less compared, mainly based on the 28th floor of ITC building a at 69 West Street, Taiwon City City.
Interest income on bank deposits has increased. In addition, cash from 2020h1 sales to 46.4 billion yuan, China, 28 Sin Rixi Street in Beijing City, increased by 7.2 per cent compared with the previous year and continued to grow steadily. At the same time, advance payments (contractual liabilities + their) continued to grow.
The International Center, 7th floor, Shanxi Securities Co. Ltd., is about 10% of the 2020 target, and is on track to meet the year-round target.
\triangleright, a new situation that has had a significant short-term impact on the alcohol industry, without cyclical changes, does not change the trend towards high-quality developments in the alcohol industry, and does not change the trend towards concentration.
The trend towards high-end development will not change, and in the long run the epidemic will speed up the shift in consumption in the white industry. The year 2020 is the beginning of firm-based solidity and re-launching, with business targets rising by about 10% over the previous year.
At around $2550, market and bid prices are still far below and short-term supply and demand gaps are still large, and the future will be achieved mainly through the use, product upgrades and increased direct-camp channels, and due to the impact of the epidemic, the price of the huts fell by $2,000 at the end of March, with the outbreak controlling and feeding.
\triangleright by half, mission by half, looking forward to the second half of the year, the white wine season, where companies are expected to increase their prices, food security risks, macroeconomic downsides that cause high-end alcohol prices to drop dramatically, and the epidemic.
This report is presented independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not received, nor will I receive, any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendation or opinion contained in this report. I promise not to use my identity or place.
The information available in the course of the profession and practice serves the self-interest of the individual or of another person.