Daily consumption of food, beverages and tobacco.
I. Growth decelerations are more consistent with year-round guidelines, cash flow recovery is better, income and profits continue to grow positively in the context of the epidemic, reflecting the risk-resistant strength of the head. q2 ring speeds decelerate, making middle-rate increases more consistent with year-round growth guidelines. We believe that income decelerations continue to be positive in the context of the epidemic.
Net profit is slightly lower than expected (single-quarter tax and surcharge increase by the same year); total market value/flow (millions of dollars) 3.04 pct; sales cost decreased by 3.50 pct, but as transportation costs were factored into main operating costs
In summary, the increase in tax rates is the main reason for the lower than expected profit, but the short-term deceleration of growth does not change the expected and long-term growth logic throughout the year.
• Net cash flows from operating activities of $10.318 billion in the second quarter alone, excluding the effects of changes in the deposits of clients and peer deposits, combined with the receipt of cash for the sale of goods and the provision of services
The performance of operating cash flows is relatively good, as seen in the Guizhou Maotai (600519), the annual Guotai newspaper: +19.49 per cent, which is significantly higher than the rate of income growth. Net profits are slightly higher than expected, and health gains continue to be sustained.
The two-digit growth of Mautai, the pressure of a series of wines, the proportion of direct sales has increased considerably.
In the second quarter alone, the growth in the income from the taupe rose by 11.39%, and the double-digit increase continued. The combined revenue from the channel fell by 1.63% over the same period, with a slight pressure, confirming the upward differentiation between the behaviour of the lower-end and lower-middle-end alcohol that was affected by the epidemic (2020q1 q1 + 13.97%) and that of the series + 1.72%).
Disaggregated channels show that the percentage of direct sales is 11.73%, an increase of 7.67 pct over the same period. Among them, the percentage of direct sales has increased substantially.
Improved, but due to the impact of transportation costs, including the cost of the main business, sales in the second quarter of the year alone
In the context of the continuing decline in the number of distributors and the non-increase in the number of distribution contracts, the increase in advance receipts confirms the market’s good supply and demand pattern, as well as the strong channel capacity of the huts. The production of 481 million tons of base wine was completed in the first half of 2020, compared with 6.18%.
Thirty-six hundred and sixty-six thousand tons of gin, six-69 per cent of the year, and eleven hundred and forty-four thousand tons of gin of the series, +459 per cent of the year. In a context where the epidemic led to a delay in the construction period, the growth of gin production was more than anticipated, laying the foundations for long-term development.
The current market style supports the high valuation premium in Maotai, considering such factors as the year-end valuation switch, and the forecast of profits and pss may fall short of expectations.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.