Total direct-camp channels continue to be released, with a high annual growth rate of 10 per cent.
+10.84 per cent (of which business income of $43.953 billion was realized, compared to +11.31 per cent); net profit returns were achieved; performance growth was expected, direct channel continued release of 20h1, net profit returns were increased by 11.31 per cent and 13.29 per cent, respectively, and performance growth was favourable
Quantities. Sub-products show that Maotai collected $39,261 million, compared to +12.84 per cent, and wine series received $4,650 million, compared to-0.10 per cent. Channel research projects projected that Mautai would achieve the goal of double-half, with 20q2 deliveries of about 7,300 tons; while the series was still being adjusted, there was a 293 reduction in the number of liquor dealers in the series during the period.
One more home. According to the distribution channels, 38,759 million yuan, or +24.1 per cent of the total, went straight to Oyang Woo's sword, steadily increased profitability, and pre-receipt performance was smooth.
The company ' s 20h1 Māori rate is 91.46%, corresponding to 0.41pc, mainly due to the adjustment of transport costs to major operating costs under the new income guidelines. In terms of cost rates, taxes and surcharges ranged from 2.05pt to 12.28%, mainly by Guo Xiaodong.
As of 6.56%, the drop in sales costs was mainly due to lower input costs and higher transportation costs in the market. Taken together, the company’s net interest rate of 20h1 was 54.44%, compared to +0.76pt, and its profitability was steady; pre-payment and non-specify repayments were steady; and the poo channels had a strong bargaining power and a smooth overall record of advance receipts.
In the second half of the year, Mao Dai said that he would adhere to a high-quality development philosophy around the implementation of the five pillars.
The company has a strong branding and channel, short-term, 15th floor of the Central China Sea International Center.
The epidemic will not change its long-term trend, and this year the company will focus on “stable” with a 10% growth target for the year.
In Shenzhen Fukuda, Fuhua, the 6th tax-free company, Chengdu China (Sichuan) Free Trade Experiment, increased production, increased direct sales and improved governance mechanisms, and maintained an “uptake” rating.
In the 17th method of the Central China Sea International Center, 17th Avenue, the city's conjoining highland, using legally compliant information, this report is presented independently and objectively. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, and will not be the same.
The company is not considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving the report, it has no direct business agreement with the company. The reader is not a client of the company, and the company does not have proper responsibility.
This report is based on information that the company considers reliable and publicly available, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of such information. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which can be changed at any time without notice.
During this period, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report. At the same time, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter of this report may fluctuate. The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date.
The company is not obliged to update all recipients of this report. The information contained in this report may be modified without notice, and investors should follow up with the corresponding updates or modifications.
At no time does it constitute a recommendation for private investment by a client. Based on the company’s Risk Level Assessment Management for Products or Services, the company consults with its professional financial advisers on values-related studies, business, finance, taxation, etc. The company’s previous relevant studies predict and analyse accurately and do not prejudge the performance of this report and future relevant studies of the company.