Kotau, Guizhou (600519).
Event: The company released its 2020h1 performance report, which generated $43.952 billion in the first half of the year, and the company is a landmark industry in the country's white and wine industry, mainly producing and selling one of the three most famous wines in the world.
Production and sale of beverages, foods, packaging materials in order to prevent company revenue from meeting expectations, with an improvement in the pre-receipt ring ratio.
It's a long history, and it's a long stream, and it's a soy sauce type that is judged to be related to the salesman's advance in July. It's a typical expression of white wine, based on quarterly operating income + quarterly advance payments.
The real revenue from the movement increased by 11.85 per cent from the 2020q2 real income, while the direct-camp ratio continued to grow. The 2020q2 battalion generated 3,214 million yuan in sales, the direct-camp ratio rose to 15.81 per cent, and the company increased its direct-camp access to Shandong, Jiangsu, January.
Households have become direct distributors of the huts, including 16 regional ka stores, 4 liquor vertical electricity, 52 week-long stock price chains and 2 tobacco retail chains.
More than 1,300 tons have been contracted by the Maotai Company, which has recently increased its direct terminal contract and is expected to exceed 3,000 tons by the end of the year. Adding to the number of Mautai marketing companies, the NAC and other platform companies, it is expected that the research assistant: Chang Dong-shai
The source of financial and intellectual growth in the east, the source of financial and intellectual growth in the east, the source of financial prosperity in the east, the source of financial prosperity in the Middle East, the source of financial and intellectual prosperity in the Middle East,
M.S.A. in Business Administration, Pacific Securities, Human Security, etc., six years of research experience in the food and beverages industry, June 2020 Joined the East China Card Research Assistant
Zhang Dong-shek's own research opinion. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that the direct camp ratio continues to rise, with a steady increase in the leading performance.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.