Cost advantage is clearly on track, offshore oil and gas boom 1204 2023 Keyword: #market surplus is below the historical average of the last 10 years # dividends are high
▪ Low-cost advantages are obvious and constitute the core investment logic of China Sea Oil: Low-cost is the core competitiveness of oil companies and key to raising profits and countering the risk of oil price volatility, leaving companies with the ability to continue to make profits at low- and medium-oil levels. In 2022, China’s sea oil fully barrel oil costs were around
US$ 30 per barrel, with a significant cost advantage. ▪ Sea reserves are rich, contributing to sustainable growth in sea oil: China ' s marine oil production increased by more than half the country ' s oil production in 2022, storage replacement rates were over 100 per cent and storage life was maintained
About 10 years. The life of the oil reserves continues to decline, with the life of the fossilized reserves remaining at 6 years left right. The sustainable development of the oil in the middle and sea is leading in three barrels of oil.
It is below industry level and enjoys high dividends. In addition to the renewed focus on China, the National Council of Finance (CNC) has a long-undervalued China Sea Oil (600938.sh)/China Ocean Oil (0883.hk) in 2022.
Review of the performance of China Sea Oil (600938), 22 years of performance
1. Low-cost advantages to protect against risk, high reserves of marine resources Central value of investment in oil in China and China is low-cost advantages. Companies continue at low oil price levels in the period 2016-2021.
Reverse-cycle investments to increase the volume and volume of crude oil reserves and production, with significant efficiency gains. In 2022, corporate barrel oil production increased other taxes other than income tax. Of this, barrel oil operations cost $7.74/bail (same-$0.09/bbl), drum oil depreciation and amortization of $14.67/bail (same-$0.66/bbl), barrel disposal fees $0.85/bail (same)
Compared to +0.16 per barrel, sales management fees of $2.57 per barrel (+0.06 per barrel for the same year), and other taxes of $4.60 per barrel (+1.47 per barrel for the same year) still maintain a relatively high cost advantage. Low cost is the core competitiveness of oil companies, and it is the key to raising profitability and countering the risk of oil price volatility, making it possible
Companies still have the ability to make a sustainable profit at low- and medium-price levels. Oil companies have a high share of hydrocarbon assets, usually depreciated on the basis of production, while barrel oil depreciation amortization and oil and gas exploration show a negative correlation between the available reserves in the developed economy, i.e., higher oil prices and higher reserves under the same investment.
The lower the cost of the depreciation amortization of the barrel oil, the lower the cost of the depreciation of the barrel oil, the lower the cost advantage of the actual barrel oil depreciation in China and China.
Figure 3: The cost of barrel oil operations is directly related to oil prices (US$/bbl) China and China maintain high capital spending and yield growth. Capital spending is planned at 102.5 billion yuan in 2022, 2023 yuan in domestic storage policies and the seven-year action plan of China Ocean Oil Group Ltd.
China’s oil production will sustain steady growth in crude oil production. In 2022, the company produced 602.25 million barrels of oil equivalent net and China’s marine oil production in 2023-2022 amounted to 586.2 million tons, an increase of 6.9 per cent over the same period. The increase in production accounted for an increase in oil production throughout the country.
From the point of view of the rate of substitution of reserves, in 2022, the replacement rates for oil and petrochemical reserves were 21 per cent and 165 per cent, respectively, below 184 per cent of the oil in China and China. For the future, it is anticipated that our land-based oil and gas reserves will grow weak, that offshore oil and gas exploration will accelerate, and that the sustainable development capacity of the oil in China and China will be at the forefront of the “three barrels of oil.”
“3 barrel” storage life (year) “3 barrel oil” storage replacement rate (%): We believe that, given the global chronic shortage of capital expenditure on crude oil, the global supply elasticity of crude oil will decline and the global supply elasticity of crude oil will be reduced
In the old and new energy transition, demand for crude oil continues to grow, while major oil-producing countries, such as Oec, have experienced frequent reductions in production, and the global oil price will remain high for many years, and in the medium to long term. Marketing: corporate crude oil production will continue to grow, supported by higher reserves and international oil prices, according to the company in 2022
According to International Monetary Fund (IMF) imf estimates, the fiscal balance of oil-producing countries in the OEC+ alliance between 2020 and 2022, with oil prices at $70-90 per barrel, we believe that when oil prices plunged, the OEC+ Production Reduction Alliance would take joint measures to reduce production at a very high price, and it would be difficult to keep the oil-price hub below $70 per barrel in the medium to long term.
Gas plate Prices: The energy crisis in Europe in 2022 pushed gas prices up, and in 2023 it was more difficult to increase gas prices due to factors such as increased natural gas production, a return in temperature, and high gas prices to discourage demand.
Company barrel oil costs consist mainly of operating costs, depreciation amortization, disposal fees, sales and administration fees, and five components of taxes other than income tax, based on different cost characteristics and historical data, respectively. Given the increase in oil prices and the small increase in operating costs and taxes other than income tax, it is assumed that barrel oil costs for 2023-2025 will be 29.83,
On the basis of our estimated average crude oil prices, and based on our special oil revenue collection rules, the oil revenues to be paid by the company for 2023-2025 are projected. Oil prices are high and production growth, with a valuation at the bottom of the 2010-2021 oil price cycle and significantly below the line.
Industry levels, and high dividends, we maintain a “buy-in” rating of company shares a and h. 4.1. Profit-to-price sensitivity analysis right. As oil prices rise, the firm’s upstream profitability increases and its net return profits rises.
At high rates, the rate of growth in corporate profits will slow down as a result of the country ' s special oil proceeds. 4.2. Analysis of the sensitivity of the valuation of the net lost profits of the parent. Table 3: Analysis of the sensitivity of the net lost profits of the company (%)
4.3. Based on the above profit sensitivity analysis, we value the company by discounting all future free cash flows (fcff). We assume that:
The annual capital expenditure of 570 million barrels of oil and gas is $60 billion; the annual capital expenditure of 750 million barrels of oil and gas is $70 billion; and the capital expenditure of 2 per cent of the annual decline in oil and gas production of companies is $50 billion.
The average value of the company ' s share was eight times higher during the high oil prices of 2011-2014 and 2022, and the average value of the Chinese and China oil share increased to 12 times that of the lower oil prices of 2015-2021 due to lower-cost equipment with greater profitability and resilience to risk, but it was estimated during the low oil prices of other oil and gas companies.
In 2022, crude oil prices continued to rise, resulting in a net return profit of $141.7 billion to the mother, a five-fold increase in the same year, a five-fold increase in the sharepe and a three-fold decline in the h-shape level, far below the previous high oil price average, with a clear valuation advantage.
During the period of low oil prices in 2021, China and China experienced a rapid increase in the size of their assets as a result of persistent counter-cyclical investments, a doubling of the average value of pb and a significant increase in other oil companies. Moreover, in 2021, the oil was listed by the United States Government as a military-related company, and the investor ' s structural imbalance led to a further fall in the 2021 valuation, with a four-fold drop in hpe and a 0.6-fold drop in pb.
By mid-2022, a share of sea oil a was about 1.4 times pb, h share pb about 0.8 times more than other hydrocarbon companies valued and there were high-quality investment prospects. According to our calculations, when oil prices were at $60-100 per barrel, a share of middle sea oil a was between 4 and 9 times h
Looking ahead: we value companies using a relative valuation method, with comparable companies predominantly of large domestic and foreign oils, China Sea oils are undervalued, and there is room for restoration. According to us, China Oil, China petrochemicals, China Sea Oila shares and pe are 6.03, 6.47 and 6.44 times, respectively, pb is 1.24, 1.13 and 1.01 times, respectively.
The barrel h-species range from 5 to 10 times, and the China-Seah shares are undervalued. Vertically, the China-Seah shares 2011 - further based on the unanimous expectation of the international oil giants and the international oil companies, Bloomberg, calculated at the April 11, 2023-2025 harvest, are significantly lower than the China-Sea shares of China- a and pb than the international oil companies, China-Sea.
China’s oila dividends ranged from 4 to 8%, h dividends from 6 to 11%, and the rate of return was at a domestic lead. Economic recession risk: the macroeconomic growth rate fell sharply, leading to a severe shortfall in demand for crude oil.
The risk of oil price volatility: geopolitical factors such as Iran’s sanctions, the Russian-Ukrainian conflict, the adjustment of crude oil supply by OEC+, and the adjustment of the United States shale oil exploitation policy have contributed to oil price volatility. New energy sources increase the risk of replacing traditional oil demand.
Economic sanctions risk: The United States lists companies as military-related enterprises, and the sanctions against China Sea Oil may affect China’s position and competitiveness in the global energy market.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board