The company is the largest meat-processing company in the country.
Incidents: Three-quarterly reports on the development of the two-sinks exceeded expectations. The company collected $41.97 billion in 19q1-q3 battalions, compared to the same amount in animal slaughter, processed meat products, etc., for slaughter and meat +14.99 per cent, resulting in net profit to the mother of $3.94 billion, compared to 7.86 per cent in the first three quarters of the year.
The processing industry is at the core, with the development of feed and livestock industries upstream, packaging, commerce, foreign trade, etc., becoming the dominant, industry-friendly group of industries.
The company, as the leader of the industry, has a reversible size advantage and a cost-control advantage, focusing on the pigpest. Key issues for the next three to six months: The medium and long term effects of the pigpest will result in a clean-up of small and medium-sized slaughterhouses, and the leading city is expected to increase further.
In meat products, the company continues to optimize its product structure for a high-end transformation through structural price increases and cost fluctuations, making the meat business profitable in the short term or under pressure, but in view of the company ' s future brand premium capacity, it is recommended that attention be given to improving the profitability of the business.
The company’s excess performance is due mainly to the fact that slaughter operations continue to benefit from higher prices of pork, but the amount of slaughter continues to decline. On the operational side, the price of 19q3 pork continues to rise as a result of Africa’s swine plague, and the consumption of meat and meat products falls.
This represents a decrease of 6.35 per cent over the same period, with 2,336.5 million tons of frozen meat and meat products exported, a decrease of 1.08 per cent over the same period, and an increase of 82.82 per cent in stocks at the end of the third quarter compared to the beginning of the year owing to an increase in the stock of meat and raw materials in the slaughter industry.
The increase in revenue was 19.3 per cent in the same year and the increase in operating profits was 90.6 per cent in the same year, although pork, as the upstream raw material for meat products in another industry, had led to a decline in operating profits for meat products of 19q1-q3 by 6.8 per cent in the same year, and the high-end restructuring of the company's meat products had reduced some of the raw materials.
The impact of the top line on profits. The company completes the merger of the parent company ' s two-sink group in three quarters and adds three new children after the acquisition has been completed, although the impact on the company ' s revenue and profit ends is small in terms of consolidated statements.
In terms of equity, the double-sink group is a holding company that does not directly engage in a specific production business, and the control structure of the merger-backed two-sink development has become clearer and has become the only meat platform in China for Canton International, helping companies to establish their position and pool their resources, and the company’s market share is expected to advance in the future.
Research Assistant: Jang Dong-soo, the source of financial prosperity in the East, the East Hing Securities Corporation.
The core logic of the company's future is the growth of the meat industry, the slaughtering business benefiting from the rising prices of pork, the higher rate of net profits, and the growing wealth of the East.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports double-sink development (000895); product structure continues to adjust, and the future of the new product is worth looking forward to.
Research on materials, retail trade, social services, light-work paper, agro-forestry fisheries, textile clothing.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of these information, nor of any change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes. Information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the sale of the securities in question, and any investment made by the investor on that basis.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make easy the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.