q3 performance exceeded expectations, globalized layouts and race tires (601058.sh) growing rapidly
The incident company issued a three-quarterly report, bringing total operating income to $19.1 billion in the first three quarters of 2023, an increase of 13.7 per cent over the same period, and a net return profit of $2.03 billion, an increase of 90.1 per cent over the same period.
Operating income of 7.38 billion yuan a year-on-year increase of 18.6 per cent and the ring growth of 17.9 per cent; net return of 980 million yuan a year-on-year increase of 179.7 per cent and the ring growth of 41.8 per cent
The average sales price of tyres is 7.5 percentage points higher.
By quarter, q3 has achieved a gross increase of 27.8% in overall sales and 0.7 percentage points in ring sales. We believe that q3’s performance is either higher than expected or related to an increase in the average price of the product structure, in terms of the continued release of tyres and the optimal structure of the product.
The tyre market is wide-ranging, the country's product brands are wide-ranging, the economy of Europe and the United States is under high inflationary pressure, the value-added and competitiveness of domestic production is high, and the share of the market is actively seized. From a “volume” perspective, the export volume of our new pneumatic rubber tyres in January-September was 4.62 million, an increase of 9.1 per cent compared to the previous year;
In January-August, Thailand’s total exports of semi-styrene and full steel tires were 69.7 million, an increase of 6.8% over the same period. From a “structural” point of view, national brands of tyres actively captured their share of the EU market and gradually recovered their share in the US market. In the EU market, in January-August, half-styren imports from China accounted for 55% of total EU imports.
Imports from Thailand and Viet Nam account for 19.2% and 11.7% of total EU imports, up significantly from the historical years. For the United States market, imports from Thailand and Viet Nam accounted for 22.3% and 8.8% respectively, up from 7.7 and 2.3 percentage points, respectively, in July 2023.
The total number of steel tires imported from Thailand and Viet Nam rose by 4.4, 5 and 0 percentage points, compared to the December 2022 low point. In the context of the downside of the economy in Europe and the United States, the national production of tyres was marked by competition and helped to capture a larger share of the market.
Globalization has accelerated, with liquid gold tires upgrading companies building seven major production bases in China, Viet Nam, Cambodia, and Cambodia, all of which have been operating on a scale scale. On the overseas side, companies have continued to promote three projects in Viet Nam and are proposing to invest in six million steel/year-long midday tyres in Cambodia.
At the domestic level, the company has planned a non-roads project for the village, 30 million units per year of high-performance midday and 150,000 tons per year of non-road tyres, 500,000 tons per year of new functional materials (a 200,000 tons/year) and so on. With the gradual release of the above-mentioned projects, the company will continue to expand its tyre production capacity, while there will be some.
In addition, the company ' s liquid gold tyres perform excellent performances, with an average of 4% and 3% reduction in energy consumption for a liquid gold truck and a car tire, respectively, and a new energy car using a liquid gold tyre can increase its flight by 5-10%.
The growing number of liquid gold tyres in the field and in the use of the scene has been widely recognized by consumers, with a strong basis for the continued improvement in the competitiveness of the company ' s products as a result of the increased performance of the [Galactic Chemicals] company on-site evaluation - the q2 performance ring.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
Research Institute, mainly in the chemical industry.