To build a Mexican factory that will continue to improve the global layout - the event evaluation report of the race tires (601058.sh) was published on December 16th: Round Singapore and td
zhangwb@cfsc.com.cn internationalholding, s.a.p.i.dec.v. signed the Joint Venture Agreement.
At the same time, the joint venture will also be considering the construction of 1.65 million full steel meridian tyres per year. After the project reaches the postnatal stage, operating year will yield operating income of $21.942 million and net profit of $4.59 million.
Funding modality: US$ 61.2 million or 51 per cent from Singapore in the race round; US$ 58.8 million or 49 per cent from Mexico td. Co-operation with Mexico ' s largest tyre dealer to open up the vast North American market
Mexico is bordering the United States and is the world’s fourth largest exporter of automobile parts and components, the fifth largest automobile exporter and the seventh largest automobile producer. Companies have advantages in tyre production technology, management of internationalized production bases, subsidiaries of td in Mexico.
Tireddirect, s.a.dec.v. is the largest tyre dealer in Mexico, with a well-developed distribution network and extensive localization experience, and a subsidiary that has been a cooperative distributor of companies for many years and has good business partnerships.
In 2020, the free trade agreement between the United States, Mexico and Canada replaced the former North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA), which provided for tariff relief for the major parts (e.g. tyres) of cars manufactured in Mexico.
The first North American factory to be built, in the context of a double-opposition survey in the United States, could make full use of Mexico's export and import tax policy, reduce policy risks, bring production closer to the end of the market, and enable companies to provide faster and better customers in the North American region.
Qualitative market services, upgrading sales to former North American clients and developing potential North American customers continue to drive companies’ future performance growth.
The ring group has built production plants in Viet Nam and Cambodia, which are now well developed. The steel meridian tires of the semi-steel factory in Viet Nam were manufactured in 2013, the steel meridian tyres and the non-road tire production lines were also produced in 2015, and the wheels were produced in Cambodia.
The construction of this cooperative project between the company and Mexico Gotd will further enhance the company’s ability to respond to international trade barriers and effectively reduce the risk of fluctuations in the supply and price of major raw materials.
Business competitiveness and market ownership are important at the global level. As corporate globalization continues to improve, it not only effectively circumvents international trade barriers, but also improves corporate ownership in global markets.
Downward risks in the economy; risk of significant price fluctuations in products; risk of project construction not being as expected; risk of being constrained by environmental policies; risk of downstream demand not being as high as expected; risk of overseas projects not progressing as expected.
The Chemical Group introduced Zhang Weibao: M.A. in Chemical Industry, South China University of Technology, 13 years of research experience in the chemical industry, three years of experience in research by sellers, ten years of experience in buyer research, good at judging industries and companies through supply-demand relationships and changes in competition.
In 2023, Liu Han joined the Chinese securities research programme. Liu Han: Material Engineering at Nakayama University/Master of Financial Sciences at Hong Kong City University. Three years of major research in energy chemicals reflect my research. I have no reason, no reason, and will not be specifically recommended in this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the relevant index of market representation of the stock or industry index in relation to the main indicators of the relevant securities market was described as:a stock market is based on 300 indexes of depth: the new three-board market
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): the Hong Kong market is based on the consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
Reliable, but with no assurance of the accuracy or completeness of the information. We have tried to report the content of the report, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute an offer or request for the sale of the securities in question.
On the basis of this information, the opinion does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial position, and specific needs of the persons who receive the report, and does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person.
If necessary, consult a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters.
The information, opinions, projections in this report reflect only the judgement made at the time of the initial release of the report and may be adjusted at any time.
At different times, Chinese securities may issue studies that are inconsistent with the opinions, assessments, and projections contained in this report. The Chinese securities do not have an obligation to update these opinions and recommendations to all recipients.
If an institution other than a Chinese certificate issues this report to its clients, the agency is responsible for sending the act alone, a Chinese certificate.