Cruise tires (601058.sh) Basic Chemical Teams perform well, and the leading advantage is highlighted.
Domestic firms achieved operating income of 19 billion yuan, an increase of 13.7 per cent in the same year; operating profits of 2.3 billion yuan, an increase of 81.6 per cent in the same year; and net profit returns of 2.03 billion yuan, an increase of 90.2 per cent in the same year; and operating income of 7.38 billion yuan in the first quarter of the third quarter of the same quarter, an increase of 18.6 per cent in the same year, an increase in the ring.
17.9 per cent long; net profit on maternity is 980 million yuan, an increase of 180 per cent in the same year and 42 per cent in the ring.
Accelerating, 2023.9.2 Visible resumption of activities and gradual elimination of negative effects of the removal of tyres from foreign stockpiles, and public 2.
The effectiveness of the Division's efforts to continuously improve product quality and optimize product structure is also increasing. 2023.5.1 Currently, companies are working closely on development strategies and business management objectives, and tyres are being sold
In-depth study of the Wheel Tyres Company: Global layout acceleration, “Liquid Yellow has been on the rise for the same period in the reporting period, and there has been a marked increase in the Māori ratio of products and a step forward in achieving a significant increase in corporate profitability.
A company achieved operating income of about 2,471 million yuan, an increase of about 14.3 per cent over the same period; a net profit of about 326 million yuan was realized, an increase of about 165.1 per cent over the same period, and income and profits were both at an all-time high in the first quarter and in the second quarter.
Technology changes promote product structural optimization and the “liquid gold” branding strategy progress steadily. By way of a breakdown of the product market, the non-roads companies have made technical changes to the Qingdao factory non-road tyre project, which will complete the production of all large non-roads of 49 inches and above.
Tyres: The semi-styrene company has introduced new energyev, luxury driving, urban-controlled and ultra-high-performance series of liquid gold-car tires, and sales are on the rise. As the share of high-value-added products increases further, the company will be able to increase its share of high-value-added products.
The overall profitability will continue to be at a higher level.
Gold looks forward to a further increase in the company’s brand power. Prices of raw materials fluctuated significantly; new production released less than expected; international trade frictions; “liquid gold” tyres were promoted less than expected: maritime tensions continued: exchange rate fluctuations: large shareholder pledges:
An analysis of the ratings of the relevant reports in the market within one month and two months of the week.