The recovery in both domestic and foreign markets was strong, with an all-time high of performance in the first quarter, strong domestic demand in combination with external rehabilitation, and the company was expected to be the best in the first quarter of a row since it was introduced in two consecutive quarters \triangleright \triangleright
Performance. As the effects of the epidemic dissipate, domestic economic activity gradually recovers, for example, in the market for commercial cars, which is clearly characterized by production properties. According to the figure for ifind, in September 2023, domestic truck sales amounted to 326,000 vehicles, a year-on-year increase. Commercial cars as a whole present a low-season pattern of sales and have led to the recovery of markets such as entire steel tires in the country.
With regard to the external market, the problem of high stocks that had plagued the tyre industry has been gradually eliminated and the overseas market vehicle s01052200001
Car sales were also strong, as in the case of the United States market, where, according to Marklines, in 2023, the volume of cars sold in the United States market remained high, with no significant fluctuations even in the relatively light season;
And according to Fred, in September 2023, the United States sold 5.13 million heavy cards, s010122080049, which is approaching new heights. The strong sales of vehicles in overseas markets also boosted domestic tire exports, according to the Customs Department.
According to the report, since February 2023, the country has exported more car tyres than in the last three years, and exports have been strong, product structures have been optimized, and company Maori rates have been improving. In February 2023, the company began to spread its energy fluids under the domestic line of gold semi-styrene, introducing new energyev, luxury driving, urban driving, and super-high.
Round tyres (601058.sh) for the semi-annual 2023 reporting period Performance rating: net return to mothers of $691 million in the second quarter, new products with four series of liquid gold in vehicles, profitable with increased exposure and visibility
Supermarkets are expected to increase the sales of more powerful liquid gold semi-steel tires and improve the company ' s overall Māori rate.
For overseas factories, the company Cambodian Foundation can be released on a sustainable basis, and liquid gold technology gains 20%.
It is hoped to be completed this year, with an additional 9 million half steels plus 1.65 million full steel capacity, and three rounds of Vietnam's base, with an additional 1 million whole steels plus 4 million half steels plus 40,000 non-road tires capacity; and the country's raw materials have been improved in combination and the production line has been kept high on a continuous basis.
On the inside, non-road tyre production capacity is being built at the milling base, and the Dong family base project is planning to grow by 2022/08/23. The company’s offshore and offshore bases continue to be productive and grow.
Investment recommendations: The company ' s tyre production capacity continues to expand, the volume of tyres consumed at sea and abroad is up and running, and the company ' s methodological and analytical logic leads to research findings, is presented independently and objectively, and is responsible for the content and views of this report. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and research of researchers, whose findings are not motivated or influenced by any third party, who have not received any direct or indirect recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.