High-end product displays, performance innovations, high-profile events: recently, the three-quarterly report of 2023 was released. The company achieved the first three quarters of 2023, the race tires (601058).
Zhang Yinsheng Energy release, new high sales plus Māori rates have increased significantly over the same period, and companies have achieved high quarterly performance innovations. (1) Three-quarter sales continue to be high. According to company announcements, 2023q3 tyres are sold
The price of the product is relatively stable in the context of the decline in Hong East Kong. The average of 2023q3 tyre products is 2023q3.
Prices fell by 5.76 per cent and ring increased by 2.61 per cent over the same year; the total purchase price of the four main raw materials, natural rubber, synthetic rubber, carbon black, steel curtain lines, fell by 11.01 per cent over the same year, and the ring decreased.
Rates, etc., are at an all-time high. We believe that this is largely due to a company’s continued release of productive capacity and an optimal product structure; two industries, the United States, the end of stocks, the resumption of overseas factory orders, and the recovery of domestic industry demand.
Continued investment in increasing production capacity in Cambodia and deepening the globalization landscape is evident in the strategic configuration of the company. (1) The company is the first Chinese tyre company to build a factory abroad and to have two of its first overseas large-scale production bases (Viet Nam, Cambodia), actively pursuing a globalization development strategy and optimizing resource allocation.
During a period of increased friction in international trade and a combination of multiple uncertainties, such as geopolitical conflicts, corporate globalization strategies effectively circumvented trade barriers, offshore affiliates became the backbone of corporate performance, and the Viet Nam affiliates of the 2020-2022 round contributed nearly a third of their income and 70%.
For the future, the company has invested in 9 million half-a-year steel projects in Cambodia. The company’s overseas production capacity continues to expand, and we believe that the future globalized layout of the public administration, Viet Nam, and Cambodia is expected to gain further prominence.
Liquid gold tyres, using the world's first chemical smelting technology, solve the centuries-old problem of the “demon triangle” and are recognized as the fourth milestone technological innovation in the world rubber industry. (1) Performance aspects:
The company's liquid gold tyres have been validated and tested by various authorities such as the Spanish idiada, the German tüv, the United States Smith Laboratory, and their superior oil-efficient, comfortable, controlled, grinding-resistant Sunda Securities Co. Ltd.
Indicators such as these are widely appreciated and accepted by drivers. On average, a liquid gold truck car tire, cindasecuritiesco.ltd car tires can reduce energy consumption by 4% or more, respectively, and new energy cars using liquid gold tyres.
Building No. 1 of the 9th Alteration Street in the West Side of Beijing City, where more liquid gold tyres of different types are continuously introduced to meet the needs of different consumers, the products are widely recognized by consumers, and sales are on the rise.
Value: The company’s branding influence is further enhanced by the appearance of liquid gold tyres, the 19th Asian Games in Hangzhou, the Gillian State Institute, and the 20th Dubai International Air Fair. We believe that the rise in brand value reflects the company’s representation of liquid gold tyres.
High quality and high end of products, behind which companies are developing, manufacturing, products, marketing, etc. \triangleright Risk factors: below-expected capacity-building, significantly reduced downstream demand and substantially increased raw material prices
Zhang Yinsheng, Bachelor of Arts in High Molecular Materials, Department of Chemical Engineering, Qinghua University, Master of Financial Sciences, Beijing University, and seven years ' experience in the management of the China Chemical Group. In March 2015, China formally joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre, which conducts research in the chemical industry, and in the petrochemical and basic chemical industries.
Yoon Yoo Yoo, Bachelor of Arts in High Molecular Materials, Nakayama University, Master of Audit, Central University of Finance and Economics, joined the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022, which is partly unconnected, unconsensual, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindam Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consulting, which the CVC has approved.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference in investment decisions for this category of clients. Both parties have strict agreement on rights and responsibilities. The present report is only available to the above-mentioned specific clients and is not intended for public publication.
The opinion and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report alone suggest that the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and that historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.