Events: 15 December, race round Singapore and tdinternationalholding. race tires (601058)
The joint venture agreement was signed by s.a.p.i.dec.v. (“Mexico td”). Under the joint venture agreement, the two parties intend to establish a joint venture in Mexico to invest in the construction of 6 million semi-steel meridian tyres per year. At the same time, the joint venture will also consider the construction of 1.65 million full steel meridian wheels in the future.
The joint venture financed 51 per cent of the race round Singapore (the fully owned company of the wheel tyres) and 49 per cent of the Mexi Zhang Yinsheng Kotd. The total investment of the project was $24 million, and the project funding was proposed for the joint venture.
The project was built at the Marabis Industrial Park, León, Guanajuato, Mexico, for a period of 12 months. The project reached the post-natal stage and generated operating income of US$ 219.42 million and net profits of US$ 40.59 million during the normal year of operation.
United States dollars. According to the results of the financial analysis, the post-tax investment recovery period is 6.33 years, the net profit of the project is that North American construction plants in Hong Anglo-East match market demand and the tyre markets in the United States, Mexico, etc. are larger.
The North American market is the largest tyre market in the world, and the North American market is also an important income block for the race round, \triangleright.
In 2022, the largest Chinese brand in the North American semi-replacement market was the race wheel.
The other main market for the manufacture of tyres in Mexico is the indigenous auxiliary market.
The Cicero Automotive Industry Association, which brings together the general population, the general public and the Fortundo car factory in Mexico, increased vehicle production in Mexico by 9.2 per cent in 2022, reaching 3.31 million vehicles, more than 85 per cent for export; 1095 million vehicles were sold, representing an increase of 7.9 per cent in the same year, with the United States accounting for ink.
A tyre (taking into account spare tires) to calculate that Mexico ' s demand amounted to 1323-1654 in 2022. Mexico has a well-developed tyre supply chain, but lacks intermediate-level tyres, suitable for Chinese tyres to open the market. We think that Mexico has higher industrial maturity than the market estimates, and Mexico already has.
There's a well-developed tyre supply chain. According to the North American Mount Huatao Industrial Park, the top five tyre companies around the world have factories in Mexico, such as Michilin, solidity, Pristom, mainland Germany, and Belonger, mainly in the production of tires in passenger cars (half steel), with a capacity of more than 36 million tyres per year in Mexico.
We believe that Mexico has a relatively blank middle-level brand for what it needs, and that a plant in Mexico would have the advantage of nearing a water platform to open up the market and, to some extent, to enter the United States market.
The North American market is a more stringent market for Asian tyres, but Mexican tyres are exported to the United States with zero tariffs. The North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) was abolished by the United States in 2020, and the United States-Mexico-plus was signed.
By way of a grand agreement, and subject to the provisions of the agreement on hourly pay and rules of origin, the goods exported from Mexico to the United States are essentially exempt from duty and even goods that cannot be exempted from full customs duties are treated under the same conditions as the most preferential tariffs. In our view, investments in North America are made.
Mexican factories are important springboards for the wheels, which bring production closer to the end of the market effectively reducing policy risks and opening the door to a wider market. Co-operative Mexican head distributors, aid projects are better off. Tire, a subsidiary of td, Mexico.
\triangleright direct, s.a.dec.v. is the largest tyre dealer in Mexico, with a well-developed distribution network and extensive localization experience, while the subsidiary is also a sales dealer for many years in the race round.
We believe that cooperation with td in Mexico will help to prevent risks in the construction of projects, help projects to overcome cultural, legal and other differences, and enable Mexico to raise customs duties on non-trade-related countries, and China’s domestic exports to Mexico may be blocked.
\triangleright is an effective way to avoid this tariff. In 2022, China exported 12,610,000 minibuses to Mexico and 6.34 million passenger and cargo tires.
Mexico has a free trade agreement with more than 50 countries, covering Viet Nam, not China, Thailand.
The tax rate has been raised to 25%. Under this tariff, it is likely that Mexico will reduce imports from China, which is good for the production of tyres at the Mexican plant.
With technical experts in tyre engineering, the offshore base of the race wheels is more efficient. In recent years, the cost of investment in the tires project in Mexico has risen significantly compared to the price of rice raw materials.
Zhang Yinsheng, Bachelor of Arts in High Molecular Materials, Department of Chemical Engineering, Qinghua University, Master of Financial Sciences, Beijing University, and seven years ' experience in the management of the China Chemical Group. In March 2015, China formally joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre, which conducts research in the chemical industry, and in the petrochemical and basic chemical industries.
Yoon Yoo Yoo, Bachelor of Arts in High Molecular Materials, Nakayama University, Master of Audit, Central University of Finance and Economics, joined the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022, which is partly unconnected, unconsensual, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindam Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consulting, which the CVC has approved.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference in investment decisions for this category of clients. Both parties have strict agreement on rights and responsibilities. The present report is only available to the above-mentioned specific clients and is not intended for public publication.
The opinion and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report alone suggest that the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and that historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.