Deep Farm Retail's "Change By You", re-created values that are new, age-old, corporate governance superior, cover for the first time.
In 1987, the Bank of Merchants was founded in Shenzhen, the first commercial bank in China to be fully owned by a corporate entity. The Bank of Merchants was established as a central governance mechanism under the “head of the board of directors” with a strong market-based genetic base and a strong staff incentive.
The core contradiction in the growth of the wealth of the population for the last 12 months has developed, following a four-step transformation of the concept of “you make the difference” from “zero-sale banks - consolidated banks - light banks - value banks” and following a four-step transition.
Year after year, innovation has grown from a traditional bank to a retail + financial technology leader, leading China’s banking industry to its own breakthroughs. At the end of 2024, the total assets of merchant banks reached 12.15 trillion, ranking 10th in the world’s banking ranking (in terms of first-tier capital).
Compared to the 300-year-old trend in corporate prices, the leaders of wealth management benefited from an increase in the wealth of the population.1 The total wealth of the Chinese population is huge and growing, and the Bank of Merchants, China ' s Private Wealth 2023
According to the report, in 2022, the number of high net-value Chinese people with investable assets of more than 10 million was 3.16 billion, the total size of personal investable assets was 278 trillion, the annual compound rate of growth was 7 per cent, the investment philosophy and investment habits of the population were constantly improving, and the preference for financial asset allocation to be diversified from deposit management was promoted.
The first bank to capture the dividends of the rise of China's wealth groups is the most direct beneficiary of the upgrading of its wealth clients. Through the three levels of “Golden sunflowers-Golden sunflower diamonds-private banks” there is an accurate coverage of high-end customers in wealth management, and for many years, China's highest net-value population has remained stable.
By the end of 2024, there were 52.57 million households, yoy+12.82%, 12.2 trillion yuan, yoy+15.43% of the total assets of the clients. The wealth base was large and robust.
The best option for economic recovery is to attract banks as a group of wealthy investors who sell their own money. The benefits and quality are equal, and the core of the wealth management + risk management + financial technology is consolidated.
One commercial bank, Roe, and Roa, have long taken the lead on the market, and the economy has shown resilience at the lower pace of economic growth. A commercial bank has a high co-contribution in low-debt costs, middle- and middle-income business, and low credit costs.
No loss, if tariff adjustment ends or residents' confidence is substructed, the net income of the merchant banks is constantly declining, micro+consumables + manufacturing becomes a new engine of growth, micro+consuming loans reach 33.5 per cent of total individual loans at the end of 2024, and manufacturing loans account for all public loans.
23.4% of wholesale business is equally strong, and the lending structure is strong and growing steadily. In 2024, the net interest spread of the recruiting banks was between 17bps and 1.98%, and they remained at the same level as their counterparts.
In 2024, banks invested $131.5 billion in information technology, or 4.37 per cent of the revenue, and the intensity of the technology invested in the head of the Internet.
In late 2024, the number of active users (mau) in the month was 123 million and the cost-earning ratio fell to 31.9 per cent.
In response to the current structural transformation of the economy, increased competition in the banking sector, commercial banks have invested in building the “Malic curve” and the “bulk balance sheet.” The results of the reforms over the past two years have shown that the asset-end structure has improved, the core client base has expanded continuously, the risk profile has been robust and prudent, and the cost of financial technology has been cost-effective.
We predict corporate interest rate risks: market interest rates continue to fall, competition for high-quality customers increases and interest differentials narrow.
Business risk: Declining demand for finance slows credit growth and replacement rates continue to decline. Market risk: significant downswings in the economy, concentrated property risks and a significant deterioration in asset quality. 1 Merchant Bank: Unique with the times, corporate governance has an advantage
The Bank of Merchants, which was founded in 1987 in Shenzhen as the first pilot commercial bank in China with a full-share shareholding of corporate entities, and the State to promote banking reform outside the system, have four strategic transformations.
Merchant banks started with retail operations, with the central governance mechanism being “Directorship under the Board of Directors.” After 38 years of innovation, China’s banking industry continued to break down and gradually grew from a traditional bank to retail + gold, leading the bank. In late 2024, the banker’s assets amounted to 12.15 trillion dollars, ranking in the global banking sector.
The Bank of Merchants' path to development has evolved through a number of strategies, and, in summary, it has been made a distinct “King of Retail” mainly as a result of four key strategic choices. The first strategic transformation (1987-2004): Retail banking transition.
The banks hand over specific financial operations to the banks of the Quad countries with specialized banks, and successively approve the establishment of commercial banks in some of our special economic zones and open cities along the sea. At that time, China’s banking sector relied mainly on public business, essentially on debt, and not enough attention was paid to personal financial services.
In 1995, China’s first commercial bank credit card was issued, and again in the year, in the face of increasing competition in the market, the merchant banks took the lead in proposing a “retail banking” milestone strategy.
Rapidly developing retail, intermediate and small- and medium-sized enterprise operations, and introducing innovative products such as “breath accounts” and “Golden sunflower finance” have decided to make retail operations a central strategic direction. Second strategic transformation (2004-2002): integrated business transformation.
Establishment of branches in major cities such as Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou, and extension of services to corporate banking and international operations, and establishment of a network of services covering the entire country.
Retail operations have been the first to break down, individual lending has been rising year after year, and retail aum has grown rapidly. In this context, the 2008 gold crisis has erupted, capital regulations have become tighter, interest rates have become more marketable, traditional models of rough expansion have become unsustainable, and the retailing of banks has become more costly, and there is an urgent need to control costs through intensive operations.
Year after year, the merchant banks proposed a second transition to “reduce capital consumption and increase the return on equity”, a development model that shifted from an expansive to a conglomerate approach, aiming to improve operational efficiency. Working with ibm to promote process optimization, covering the main structures of zero sales, public, risk, business, etc., and thus achieving cross-line resource integration and convergence.
Third strategic transformation (2013-2021): light banking transitions. The first two transformations have resulted in a significant increase in efficiency in commercial banking operations and a further improvement in the business structure. In 2009-2012, the recruitment of commercial banks rose to 24.8 per cent each year. In 2013, the rise of the Internet finance sector, represented by payment treasures, posed a challenge for the traditional financial sector.
The rapid development of new technologies, such as big data, cloud computing, and artificial intelligence, is also shaping the business paradigm of traditional banks. In recognition of the fact that the income structure, dominated by interest differentials, and the banking structure, still need to be supported by high capital consumption, it is difficult to cope with intense industry competition.
The strategy, which is based on retail finance, with corporate finance and peer finance on both sides, is a “one-wing” strategy that seeks to escape from the effects of macroeconomic cycles, Internet shocks, and so on on on banking operations. In 2017, commercial banks proposed a “financial science and technology bank” strategy, moving from a “product-centred” to a “client-centred” approach.
The fourth strategic transformation (2022-to date): the transformation of value banks. Faced with the multiple challenges of narrow net interest differentials, financial intermediation, acceleration, and shift of real estate markets from incremental to stock markets, business banks propose new strategic directions for “value banks” centred on strengthening the three pillars of wealth management, financial science and technology, and risk control, and insisting on retail banking.
Building on the weak cycle advantage and the built-up capital advantage of “light banks” to build value banks that seek to maximize the value of customers, employees, shareholders, partners, and society as a whole. At the same time, engaging banks fully complete the “business cloud” that combines the “big wealth management” strategy with digital operations, further entrenching wealth management by building on the technological advantage.
At the end of 2024, the development process and several strategic transformations of the Bank of Merchant Banks and the active users of Mau Dynasty focused on the core of the current population’s wealth growth. From “one cartoon” to “one full cloud” – from a firm retail route to becoming a pioneer in financial science and technology – the Bank of Merchants insisted on it.
The concept of business services, "For You", is based on customer demand, and is driven by market-based reforms, leading to changes in the banking sector. Innovation-driven and differentiated competition strategies combine the development of banks with the growth of the wealth of the population in the areas of retail finance, wealth management, financial technology, etc.
1.2 The equity structure is clear, the major shareholders are stable, the equity structure is clear, and the conglomerate group is the largest single shareholder.
Marketized investors, while the share of major shareholders remained stable. By the end of 2024, the Hinzhen Group, the largest single shareholder in a merchant bank, had combined direct and indirect ownership of 29.97% of the Bank ' s shares.
In China, during the China Qingyang Ocean Campaign in 1872, the Recruitment Bank was created as an important catalyst for the modernization of national businesses in recent times.
The Board Group, whose successive chairman is also the Chairman of the Business Council Group, reflects the Group’s high interest in and strong support for the development of merchant banks. China’s Ocean Shipping Group, which is the second largest single shareholder of merchant banks, also holds important seats in the Board of Directors of such banks, has a combined shareholding of 39.94%, forming a relatively stable equity structure.
1.3 The roles of the board of directors and management are clearly defined and the strategic advantages are highlighted The corporate governance mechanisms are well developed, and the “head of the board” is integrated with the “head of the board of directors”. For more than 30 years, BP has maintained “the head of the board of directors”, i.e. the shareholders are elected by the board of directors and placed by the board of directors.
The Board is responsible for strategic leadership, risk management and incentives to ensure sound development of banks; management efficiently executes long-term strategic planning within the context of delegated authority to ensure professionalism and flexibility in day-to-day operations. This decision has allowed management to maintain day-to-day operational autonomy, with historically recruited banks having experienced only four governors, with an average length of service.
The board of directors led the strategic transition, which involved more senior executives, and more experienced financial careers. The Recruitment Bank, now Chairman of the Board, has been in office since September 2020, and has also served as Chairman of the Group of Recruitment Bureaus, a former Chinese national.
Financial institutions such as Sjumma, China People's Security and others serve as executives, understand the coordinated development of the financial sector and the real economy, respond to the challenge of “single development”, build the “Malik curve” and lead the strategic transformation of the Bank of Merchants; the current President, Wang Liang, joined the Beijing branch of the Bank of Merchants in 1995 and has been in charge of the Bank of Merchants since 2019.
Business Bank Asset and Liabilities Management Practice, a 30-year-old senior executive at a commercial bank, ensures that a firm bank continues to build a “bulk balance sheet.” Other members of the team of directors, such as Chief Risk Officer Chung Deok-jin, Financial Officer Peng, etc., are also vice-presidents of the business that grew up with a commercial bank.
Employers’ banks have consistently adhered to market-based pay incentives, following a “strategic orientation, risk constraints, efficiency priorities, and equity,” and have been able to pay their employees more effectively.
In 2023, the average remuneration of the merchant banks fell to 581,000 yuan in 2024. At the same time, in order to mitigate the various types of business and management risks, mechanisms were put in place for deferred payments and recovery of performance pay to ensure risk.