On 19 April, the company issued a report for the first quarter of 2021: 2.81 billion yuan in operating revenue, compared to the previous year.
+86.5 per cent; net profit of 495 million yuan, compared to 219.7 per cent; net profit of 485 million yuan, net profit of non-confiscation, double-litre, combined with a record growth rate of 86.5 per cent in the first quarter of a company, which in recent years has increased at a rate of 86.5 per cent in a single quarter.
Volume: The company’s 2021q1 filtration output of 222 million square metres, compared to +29.7%, is still sustained at the same rate of increase in the higher water season and the lower rate of start-up of components in the upper silicon chain of 2021q1. The company’s vinyl product still has a better growth in q1, extending once again the industry’s position as the absolute leader of the film.
The unit's trend compared to the depth of 300, is due to the price increase caused by the scarcity of raw materials eva resin. Māori rates are less affected by the increase in raw materials prices, and R & D rates are high.
The company ' s combined Māori rate of 20201q1 is 29%, compared to +7.1pt, ring ratio -6.5pt. Considering that the q1 membrane absorbs large flats better product class optimization and downscaling effects.
q1 accounts for credit impairment losses of $107 million, compared to +43%, and financial policy is more rigorous. The first-line target is strong growth. Raw material locking further strengthens future advantage.
Advances, inventories, and cash outflows have increased significantly, indicating that companies are more locked in upstream raw materials. q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 advance receipts and cost increases. The locking in raw materials stems, on the one hand, from the company’s leading position and its good partnership with upstream suppliers, and, on the other hand, from strong balance sheets of companies. Effective locking in upstream raw materials is expected to increase.
This round of upstream price increases will further widen the gap between the company and the micro-film industry and strengthen the company’s niche.
Looking-out capacity doubled, electronic materials became a new driver of performance, companies’ future master development and platform extension growth were identified, and “recommended” ratings were maintained. Photovoltaic demand was not as high as expected, raw materials were higher than expected, photo-dryans were less advanced than expected, and receivables were bad.
The company ' s financial statement data projections are summarized The Sino-Thai, Dong-woo, and Hwagon securities, joined in August 2020.Tinya, a multi-year photovoltaic industry research experience, was employed in Solarzoom, New Age securities, and joined in December 2020.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.