On 19 April, the company issued a quarterly report for 2021, which generated revenue of 2,814 million in the first quarter of 2021.
Dollars, 86.5 per cent increase in the same year and 3.8 per cent decline in the ring; net profit of $495 million, with a constant increase in the price of q1 resin, drags the company ' s Māori rate: RMB 2.56 billion (+86.8 per cent in the same year and -4 per cent in the first quarter of 2021), with sales of 220 million flats (+30 per cent in the same year and the ring - 4 per cent in the same quarter).
The price of raw materials for the industry continued to rise at the end of last year, with the company eva resin q1 buying at an average cost of 150,000 yuan per ton (excluding taxes), +27 per cent per year, ring + 26 per cent per year, further pushing the cost of film production, resulting in 1.
The q1 Māori ratio declined, and the demand for and supply of resins was tight throughout the year, and companies responded by increasing the availability of raw materials: by the end of March, public 2. q4 film levels had risen, with a significant increase in the performance ring.
119%, mainly due to the increase in raw materials storage and prepaid materials. The global economy accelerated after the epidemic, and the mismatch between upstream supply and demand led to a ten-point supply of film raw materials such as eva resin, titanium powder, and prices are on the increase.
4. " There has been a significant improvement in profitability, q4 film is expected to continue. From the construction of domestic capacity for eva resin, we expect that the supply of photovoltaic eva resin will continue to improve considerably in the second half of this year.
The supply of raw materials has been increased in q1 to ensure the stability of subsequent supplies, with an increase of 112 per cent from the beginning of the period, mainly from the 500 million m2 per year photo-voltaic membrane project in Xiangzhou, which is now well under way and is expected to be gradually consolidated by the end of the year.
The Bureau of Energy is open for comments, and the demand is expected to accelerate: today the National Energy Agency is open for comments on matters related to the construction of the 2021 Windlight project.
“Accelerating Progress” (formerly “Advancing Actively”) stock project as a sign of domestic demand throughout the year, and the release of comments is expected to accelerate domestic demand start-up and boost industry confidence.
Demand is not as high as expected; price increases in raw materials are higher than expected.