Resource and Environmental Research Centre Economic performance, pace of new business growth, business growth much faster than industry average, and business growth faster.
1.58 billion votes, an increase of 35.29 per cent, and an increase of 7.79 pcts over the industry average. The traditional operators are in the range of $9.88 billion, or 53.71 per cent.
In the first half of the year, heavy operations continued to grow at another profit point.
2. Rapid growth of operations in the first quarter, with full coverage of stock incentives.
In the area of distribution, retailing and so on; in the area of the cold chain of food, the new summer has been officially established, bringing about b-side and c-: parallel to old and new business, science, technology and innovation have increased efficiency - top-end advantages complement each other and continue to develop high- and medium-end clients, effectively increasing the turnover of goods and reducing operating costs.
In the first half of the year, the Australasia Airport was officially approved and its performance increased by four quarters, with a revenue of $343 million, or 158.79 per cent.
The multiplicity of business combinations for brand clients and individual exigents has been largely developed, and has been successful in developing the malaise of cost control, a single-season boom in the performance of new clients, such as homemakers, winners, and so forth.
A new firm, ups joint venture, has been formally established and is operational, and this cooperation has been conducive to the smooth international strategic deployment of shareholders, the optimization of international logistics networks, and the enhancement of the international competitiveness of enterprises.
Facilities are built and research and development capabilities are prominent, which will be effective in improving the logistics efficiency of business clients. Forecasting companies, 2018-eps, give 42 times as many as possible, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
25.49 per cent of the pre-dismantling share: the express delivery sector is competitive and integrated logistics is developing less than expected.
Figure 3: Accelerating growth in corporate business Figure 5: Analysis of relevant report rating ratios in the market with net profit deductions exceeding 2 billion in 2018
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment