In 2016, through a major asset restructuring, the company put in its original assets and liabilities and put in 100% of the stock holding surplus.
The company is the leading national courier logistics integrated service provider, and is now the first of a stock to use a straight-line mode of delivery. The company’s logistics package consists of a variety of couriers, such as time-bound, economic express, co-city distribution, warehousing services, international couriers, etc.
Services, heavy cargo transport services such as logistics, heavy cargo express, and cold-chain transport services for customers in the food and medicine fields. A total of 3,052 million tickets were delivered in 2017, representing an increase of 18.29 per cent; operating income of $71,094 million, representing an increase of 23.68 per cent, with speed goods.
The current revenue is 70.609 billion yuan, an increase of 23.57 per cent, and the overall income growth in the express delivery sector, which is expected to benefit from the depth of the industry’s high profile and increased market concentration. According to the National Postal Service, the contribution of the express delivery industry to consumption growth in 2017 was over 30 per cent.
Indirect contribution to economic growth is over 20%, consumption is continuing to increase, and the Express industry will play an increasing role. According to Express Delivery Development 135, industry concentration is still increasing, according to the National Postal Service.
The concentration index for courier and package services was 78.7 per cent in 2017, an increase of 2 per cent over the same period, with the top eight firms in the industry with a concentration of 78.7 per cent. The market structure is extremely high.
Postal agency data show 24.7 per cent growth in revenue from courier operations in 2017, compared with 23.57 per cent growth in company speed logistics revenues. The National Postal Service also projected a 20.2 per cent increase in revenue from courier operations in 2018, under the Consolidated Adjustment Act, taking into account the company ' s commercial retailing.
High R & D investment opens up room for growth of new business in order to sustain development, and the Department attaches great importance to R & D investment, which in 2017 amounted to $1,167 million.
The company’s smart logistics projects include logistics drones, smart equipment, smart services, smart decision-making, smart maps, smart packaging, machine image recognition, smooth car networking, smart cloud silos, full automatic sorting, etc.
The ability of the solution to provide a high-quality logistics service at the distribution end extends to the production, supply, distribution, distribution, etc. at the front end of the value chain. According to the company’s business plan, the year will be marked by a deep expansion of heavy cargo + cold transport + medicine + international + storage of new business blocks.
The Division’s leading business capacity + client resources + brand advantage is expected to further optimize the company’s product-earning structure, open up the space for new business panels to grow, and raise overall income levels.
The long trend is broadly consistent, with the National Post Office predicting a year-on-year increase in revenue from courier operations in 2018