The Chinese leadership is expanding in reverse cycles, management tools are helping to increase efficiency, the Chinese conglomerates (001979.sz) are expanding in reverse cycles, high-quality soil storage is increasing in profitability, and a “buy-in” rating is given.
As a well-funded and well-invested company, which is investing in the market at the lower end of the period, has a strong indigenous reserve, advanced management tools have helped to develop operational efficiency gains, and we believe that companies have the incentive and the opportunity to increase sales at a long pace and recover overall profitability. We expect the company ' s net profit to be 104.7 in 2022-2024.
• Sales are growing rapidly, and the land reserves are of high quality. In January-September of the year, the company took 55.920 billion yuan, or 54.6 per cent of the total, in the first-line city, demonstrating its commitment to deep-farming one-line city. As of 2022h1, the company’s uncompleted land reserves were 54.82 million, the value of which is recalculable.
• Diversity and development, digitalization and efficiency.
The company insists on implementing the “Three Ones” project, raising the level of the four main trades, writing buildings, apartments, and hotels, and releasing profits over time. At the same time, the company promotes the use of a two-rate system of dynamic monitoring to facilitate the acquisition of the site at a later stage; and improves the efficiency of its operations by covering the entire project cycle through digital construction tools.
The company's three lines of red line have been green, the average financing cost of 2022h1 has been reduced to 4.10%, and financing costs have been low in the industry. With the previous high-priced carry-over and second-line high-quality land reserves developed, it returns to the market.
In anticipation of warmth, the level of profitability with strong financial power can grow in the future.1 Under the umbrella of China’s leading city and park integrated development service providers 1.1, and under the auspices of the Business Bureau, a unique model has helped to expand.
On 31 January 1979, the Agency was established in Shenzhen, with the approval of the State Council, to sound at the top of the reform and opening of the first gun.In September 1990, the Chamber established China-China Joint Venture Company Ltd. on the basis of the former Commissary Ports and Harbours Ltd., which is a pre-natal service.
The shares, b shares, were traded on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange, and in 2004 the company changed its name to commercial property (the securities code is 000024.sz). On 30 December 2015, the merchant snakes absorbed the shares and engaged in commercial estates by issuing shares for the purpose of absorbing the mergers and bringing them on the market without precedent, and the securities code was 001979.sz.
After incorporating the combination of marketed properties, the commercial snakes have brought together the unique advantages of the former commercial estates and the snake-port industrial complexes, strategically positioned as the future Chinese leading city and park integrated development and operation service providers. Over the decades, the Department’s development has gradually uncovered the snake-port model of the “former port-central zone-back town” – the “front port” or the cruise industry.
In this process, the business community has developed a rich experience of integrated development and operation of urban and industrial parks, not only developing experienced management teams, but also developing experienced management teams.
The capacity to integrate resources has been built, and a complete system of integrated development has been developed, reaping due commercial benefits and bringing greater social benefits to the development of regions and cities.
After 42 years of continuous development and change, the company has accumulated a wealth of experience in urban development and operation and has become China’s leading provider of integrated urban and park development services.
(1) The company’s real estate business, formerly established in 1981 as the headquarters for the construction of the snake-port industrial zone, was founded in 1984 on the basis of which the snake-port industrial zone real-estate company was established, mainly for the development and construction of the snake-port industrial zone. In 1997, the snake-port real estate company was officially renamed Shenzhen Commercial Real Estate, and in 1999 it provided electricity and employment to vendors.
Commercial water was simultaneously injected into listed companies under the umbrella of the Group to engage in business ports, and the company’s real estate development was officially inaugurated. (2) In 2000, the company acquired two plots of land in the High Technology Park in Shenzhen City, marking the company’s official exit from the snakes.
Kyoto, Shanghai, Guangzhou, and the major cities in the Pearl Triangle, Long Triangle, Rim Sea region, and sub-economic regions with development prospects have been gradually expanded and nationalized. In 2014, the company initially completed its nationalization, ranking 14 in Kerret ' s sales scale.
(3) To provide greater support to corporate real estate development, the Group injected its high-quality resources from snakes into the Department in 2015 to fully advance its fast-tracking strategy, with a rapid expansion in location and sales, with total sales exceeding 100 billion in 2017, sales exceeding 300 billion in 2021, sales ranking 7 in Kerret, with global coverage 111
In every city and region, more than 620 projects for the development of refined products serve more than 10 million clients. 1.3. In addition to having a strong background, the parent company, through its subsidiary, holds 5.3 per cent of the company's shareholdings with the subsidiary.
The share of voting rights reached 64.83 per cent. 1.4, Communities, Parks, and Cruise Lines have been developed in a coordinated manner to create a zone-wide integrated ecosphere.
There are three main lines of business. Community operations focus on the purely residential business, and campus operations cover residential sales, shopping centres, writing buildings, hotels, industrial parks, long-rent apartments, healthy old-age pensions and property management.
In 2021, as a result of a significant increase in the scale of the carry-over, coupled with the listing of the snakesfield reits, there was an increase in the performance of the company, which resulted in an operating income of $16.643 billion, an increase of 23.9 per cent over the same period, while the carry-over of the 2022h1 company continued to grow, generating a revenue of $57.56 billion, an increase of 28.9 per cent over the same period, compared with the total operating income of the community, the park and the cruise operations, respectively.
The expansion gradually became a new pole of growth, with revenues exceeding 20 per cent in 2020-2021, with 2022h1 affected by the epidemic.
2.1 The cumulative increase in sales and the expected acceleration of the market share is expected to increase from 15 to 7, and the city share (the share of sales contracted as a proportion of the country ' s merchandise stock) has risen from 0.5 per cent in 2013 to 1.8 per cent in 2021, with industry concentration increasing.
In our view, the company’s sustained high growth over the past decade stems mainly from its model investment approach and its strategy to sustain deep-ploughing in high-impact cities, which has achieved scale effects, increased brand influence, and saved sales costs. In 2021, the company focused on developing business mobility, dynamic quality and services, and promoted the operation of quality and operation.
To achieve efficiency gains and achieve qualitative growth in the key performance indicators of the development portfolio. At the same time, the company continued to implement a strategy of regional focus, urban deep-farming, giving priority to the deployment of high-energy core cities, with 2022h1 being sold locally at the top 10 cities in Shanghai, Fertilizer, Suzhou, and Xian, among others, with urban deep-farming achieving milestones.
2.2. Land expansion has been rapid, first- and second-line investments have been high, and profits on new land have improved. At the investment level, companies have grown deep around regions and cities, giving priority to core cities with high-level configurations. In 2021, companies accumulated 113 plots of land, compared to 2020.
In 2021, as a result of the cooperative acquisition of more land rights than in 2021, the company had a regional focus and a deep urban cultivation that gave priority to the location of the high-energy core city. In 2021, the company invested 90% of the total investment in the designated “tight 30 cities” in equity.
In 2021, the company took 20 plots in the first line of cities, amounting to 66,066 million yuan; in January-September 2022, the company took over 20 plots in the first line of cities; and in January-September 2022, the city of Chongqing, the central cities of Shanghai, Nanjing, Guangzhou, Hangzhou, Wuhan, Chongqing and other cities, which accounted for more than 70 per cent of the investments.
The division’s land acquisition in first-line cities amounts to $55,922 million, or 54.6%, and 10 plots in the first three batches of land in Shanghai, demonstrating the firm’s determination and confidence to farm deep in one-line cities. The company’s land acquisition is diversified and maintains multi-channel investment expansion. (1) Mergers and acquisitions.
All are to be developed; 12 single projects were acquired and purchased in 2021, with cumulative supplementary project resources of 1.6 million square metres. (2) The production city and the port city were connected. In 2021, the company acquired 9 projects in connection with the production city connection, including the Yu An-New Zone, the Wuhan Dragon, the Fertilized New Station, the Ningpole Avenue, etc., which replenished the earth by approximately 2.15 million square metres. (3) Urban renewal.
The company mainly uses Shenzhen as its core area for urban renewal. The representative projects include Shenzhen Shenzhen, Shenzhen gold, and others. In 2021, the company acquired the status of a pre-service provider for three projects in the Great Bay region, graduated 14 old conversion projects throughout the year, and estimated a land reserve of 5.1 million square metres, with a value of over $12 billion.
The State Enterprise plans to set up a Shanghai Urban Renewal Fund of about $80 billion in total, targeted at investing in old district upgrading and urban renewal projects. We believe that, based on the strong corporate background of the Toto Corporation and the political ties in the deep-farming region for many years, business snakes will continue to have powerful access to a variety of diverse projects with low land costs.
2.3 In recent years, there has been a positive expansion of reserves in the core region, with sufficient land reserves and relatively high core areas. As of the date of the completion of the 2022h1 company, the area of land reserves has remained uncompleted. By region, the regions of China East, Jiangnan, Southwest and China China have a relatively high share of land reserves, both over and above those of China.
Over 15%, the Shenzhen region accounts for 7% of the total, and the earth storage structure is of better quality. In terms of urban energy, the company has 80% of the land reserves in the second-line cities, with a higher level of security for future earth storage. In terms of the distribution of land reserves in the cities, the company has more than 2 million plots and 21 cities in 10 cities.
In 2019, 1690 acres of the economic zone were taken by Kunming in cooperation, and more than 3.5 million acres were stored in Kunming. Wuhan, Chengdu, Nanjing, Shenzhen, Shanghai, Suzhou, among others, are the core cities of the public administration that have been under cultivation for many years.
At the regional level, the Department of Public Administration has been working on the priority areas, the second-line cities of the south-east and the central and western capital cities of China, 2021.
With more than 80% of the first and second-line cities added to the annual and 2022h1 earth reserves, investments in these regions are not only strong, but also long-term, and future sales are guaranteed by the development and demographic dividends of the core cities. At the strategic level, companies propose a “city-by-city” template for the country's “one-city-one-size-fits-all” from which to draw.
The six dimensions of development, design, cost, engineering, marketing and finance approach, building a gap list in line with local urban government policies, market conditions, marking management, implementation, overall exercise, and raising brand influence and cost-control costs through scale effects.
Land reserves are sufficient to meet development needs over the next four years, and high-quality assets in the core regions have ensured strong projects, financial strength and low financing costs on the basis of parent companies, and we expect steady growth in corporate sales, 3, industrial parks, holding operations, property management, cruise operations.
With the goal of “becoming the leading urban and park integrated development service provider in China” and through a unique model of integrated development of the former port-central zone-post-city, the Commissariat, as a flagship company of the integrated urban development operating plate under the auspices of the Business Agency Group, is fully involved in the urbanization of China and the important nodes of the “one-way” park.
The development and operation of special estates, large urban complexes, businesses, offices, hotels, and support industries involved in development, marketing and operation management operations, as well as property management operations. In recent years, the growth rate of the development and operation of parks has been significantly higher than that of community development and operations.
In 2021, the accumulated income from park operations increased to $32,533 million, with 20.3 per cent of revenue, a gross profit of $14,100 million, a gross profit of 34.5 per cent and a gross profit of 43.3 per cent compared to community operations, where gross profits of 34.5 per cent were generated with 20.3 per cent of operating income.
However, because of the impact of the epidemic on rent relief, the Māori rate has declined as a result of reduced revenues from park operations. 3.1. Park operations: annual increases in revenue, stable Māori levels.
The countries along the road, mainly from the three dimensions of creative incubation, niche industrial parks, and new industrial cities, currently have eight new industrial cities with priority in five regions: Guangdong, Fujian, Jiangsu, Wuhan, Beijing: 15 cities in industrial parks, mainly coastal cities.
There are also innovative incubation bases in the new city of the snake industry project, which covers approximately 468 square kilometres, and the operating industrial park project (Vill/Iku/Swissville) which is planned to cover approximately 4.75 million square metres.
In 2021, the company launched a “one-size-fits-all” initiative to improve the performance of each park in order to identify gaps, set targets, pursue implementation, divert and upgrade. With regard to the development of parks, the company continues to improve the organization of the industry, reserves the resources of the industry and the ecological partners, and uses the funds of the industry.
Based on the national strategy for services, the company has added new impetus to the new development landscape by developing priority regional projects such as the China-White Industrial Park, the Djibouti project, the China-China Development Zone, the Hainan Free Trade Port, the former Sea-Corpcon Free Trade Zone and the Yu An-New Zone.
In 2021, the company was listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange as one of the country's first nine infrastructure reits, which opened an industrial park of “inputs, concessions, concessions,” in the company's “sz.188001” account.
Building, managing, dropping out of “life-round development models and investment financing mechanisms” to provide for the development of new and innovative industries
In the face of the industry's cold winters, the company uses the “two hundred” strategy of holding business, collating the potential value of the city's business, explicitly using the business outreach concept of “one-line core business, two-line regional absolute core”, and “one-size-fits-all model” as a tool to enhance the ability of the catchers to perform the four main trades, apartments, writing buildings, hotels, etc.
As of 2022h1, the company achieved rental income of $1,593 million, reducing the income from a shopping mall and $10 billion in holdings. As one of the company's 1455 strategy's four core programmes, the industry's “one-size-fits-all model” was one of the largest suppliers to raise the ebitda rate of return, reshaping the whole industry chain standard, and raising the overall rate of return.
Resource acquisition, development and operational management capacity. 2022H1 Business Monument Complex, Inc., formally opened at 100%, business start-up at 91% and first-day arrivals at 150,000. As of 2022H1, the company was concentrated in 29 business projects in Shanghai, Shenzhen, Nanjing, Su, Chengdu and Kwok.
The company’s centralized business projects now have a certain commercial base, with high-quality resources and operational support, and are expected to develop in the future.
In the cities of Beijing, Shenzhen, Shanghai, Wuhan, etc., the main layout of the current managed writing building project is a company-owned project of the China-Church Centre for Business Studies of the Beijing Bureau of Recruitment and Commerce, which for the first time has core writing-building assets outside the Grand Bay area.
Renting income in the writing building is $270 million, with an average rent rate of 65 per cent, and the impact of the epidemic has declined. Long-lease apartments: the company chief's rental apartment has been growing for a long time, the first project in the “One” series began operating in 2012 and has now been under cultivation for more than a decade.
The company has built a system of products such as a “one shop” for talent, a “one house” for fine things, a “one cm+” for service, and continuously upgrades its core operating management capacity and brand value. As of 2022h1, the Director of Public Administration rented a total of 21 apartments in 21 cities across the country, amounting to approximately 37,000 units, with a cumulative rental income of $480 million, which is affected by the epidemic.
The average rental rate has fallen to 78%. Hotels: In 2021, hotel operations continued to upgrade their full-cycle management capacity, upgrade their hotel delivery systems and improve operating management standards, while actively building their own hotel brands.
Two brands are owned by Eden, the first overseas autonomous hotel of the company 2022h1, the Djibouti Idun International Hotel, which is expected to be officially open in the course of the year. As at 2022h1, 14 hotels were operated, including 12 in the country and 2 abroad, covering approximately 47.12 million areas, and were transferred to hotels and affected by disease.
As a result, accumulated revenues have fallen to 180 million yuan. 3.3. Business surplus: “Big Property + Big Capital” is the core industry.
In December 2019, China and China implemented a major asset reorganization, which resulted in the sale of 22.35% of the shares held by China and the acquisition of 100% of the shares in the commercial and commercial industries and renamed them “advocacy surplus” as of 2022q1.
The snakes directly hold the remaining 47.45 per cent of the acquisition stock, indirectly holding 3.71 per cent through the Shenzhen market property, with a cumulative share of 51.16 per cent, with the second largest shareholder remaining as the largest shareholder; the second largest shareholder is Shenzhen China, with a steady increase in the balance of business income and the area under management.
Business management is now initially integrated. By the end of June 2022, there were 1803 open-source projects, with a surplus of RMB 10,591 million, up from RMB 5,437 million, or 96.3 per cent.
Management area of 301 million square metres and property management business of 1,595 million yuan in new annual contracts, an increase of 17 per cent in comparison with the previous year. In December 2021, the balance of the offer to acquire 100 per cent of the share in the shipping industry at a total concession price of 284 million square metres (2.22 million square metres in the pipeline) and 95 per cent in the southern shipping industry (600,000 square metres in the pipeline) was followed up by companies
More state-funded logistics services have been able to model and continuously increase regional density and industry influence. On the evening of 26 January 2022, an announcement was issued that three subsidiaries under the banner, including the Shenzhen Capital Investment, the Kunshan Capital, and the Nine Party Commerce in the same state, would have a 100% shareholding of the controlling shareholders, with a total transfer price of about 7.78.
In our view, the proposed transfer is an important step forward in the business-based asset-diversion scheme, with the balance being used as a platform for carrying assets held by the business-seller, with property management and asset management as its core business. The sale of heavy assets also clearly contributes to the company's focus on ownership, optimization of asset structures, efficiency and profitability.
3.4. Cruise ship operations: The impact of the epidemic is cold, and the future market space companies ' cruise ship operations, which include, inter alia, cruise mother ports and supporting construction and operation, snake port passenger services, and port rental services, are new operations that have developed since the reorganization. The company has adopted a unique model for the former port, the central zone, and the rear town.
In 2011, the company officially launched the construction of the first cruise ship project, the Combine Mother Port, with a division of operations for the main battalion.
For traditional high-speed passenger ship operations and new and emerging cruise ship operations, the customs clearance capacity of 6.5 million times/years was designed. On November 12, 2016, the Combine Port of the Mothers of Snakes opened its main port. After that, the company, modelled on the Prince's Bay Port of the Mothers, began off-site replication and networking at the national postal port.
In 2021, the international cruise ship market became the largest shipping port operator in China, with major cruise companies steadily increasing the size of their re-entry efforts.
The timing of the resumption of the domestic check-in cruise ship operation is not yet clear, with some cruise ports using the stoppage period for equipment upgrades or internal reorganizations. In 2021, the company took the lead in forming the country’s first five-star cruise company, which engaged the Viking cruise ship, while the first five-star cruise ship, the Eden, was officially launched on a coastal route.
The Great Bay Area 2 is operational, the “Seawatch Bay” project enters a two-boat operating model, with a steady increase in the number of routes, reaching 270,000 visitors, the Shenzhen Snake Port, the Xiamen Port, the cruise ship operation, passenger transportation and port rental operations.
Over the same period, there has been a slight recovery, but overall performance and Māori rates have not been as high as they were before the onset of the epidemic. We believe that, with the country’s favourable policies, the growing demand for high-end coastal tourism in the post-epidation period and the upgrading of company cruise equipment, a gradual recovery in the future is expected, and Māori rates are expected to rise.
4. Management tools to improve operational efficiency, digital construction to cover the full cycle, development sales to the bottom of the real estate industry, decline in the Māori rate, and enterprises need to upgrade their integrated operations and management capabilities to cope with changes in the internal and external environment.
The “Three Ones” project, the two-rater system and the digital construction tool, with the different business modules following the “Three Ones” process, followed by management initiatives and investment operational requirements to achieve market leadership, and the entire process of operation was achieved through digital construction tools.
Figure 34: Three Business Management Frameworks for Merchant Crossings to Improve Management Efficiency 4.1, Adherence to the “Three Ones” project to improve the overall performance of the various trades. The Company's “Three Ones” project can be summarized as a “one city one” template for the development of the business, holding the “one business one”
The three strategies of the template and park operations are "one-size-fits-all" strategy. The management of stock assets and the demand for value-added services around the needs of customers will be the focus of the company's future integrated development and profit growth.
It is important to ensure the growth of companies’ operations in the future. Benefits.
Holding a business is an important point of growth for the company in the future. The company uses the “one-size-fits-all” template as a tool to overhaul the industry's whole chain of practice standards, conduct in-depth targeting of the entire business value chain, such as “inputing, melting, building, managing, withdrawing” and synchronizes the state of the hotel, apartment, writing building, etc. on the basis of pre-programming of centralized commerce.
The principle of park operations is to “precise the stock, control the incremental amount,” and the company uses light park development as its main development approach, to operate “one-size-fits-all” parks in different regions and to improve the overall efficiency and effectiveness of the industry as a whole.
Long-term competitiveness, coupled with increased synergy of operations through experience-settling and replication, and improved overall integration
In the context of industry downfalls and increased competition, it becomes more urgent to refine management claims. The company’s top two-rate system, from pre-investment measurements to the final delivery of the project, provides a dynamic digital monitoring of the cost-profit rate and the internal rate of return, while assessing regional corporate dynamics, makes project acquisition more prudent and prudent.
The two-rater system has four main functions: dynamic monitoring: once the project is acquired, the two-digit system tracks the monthly data of the project according to its project number, including changes in composition, design changes, changes in the price of the sale and changes in the value of the goods, keeping an eye on each node and moving to each stage of the project.
Emission analysis: the two-rater system allows analysis of deviations in the course of the project operations, searching for the causes of the two-rater dynamics of change, including multiple matrix analysis of project progress, design changes, cost inputs, price de-pricing, etc.
Business oversight: monitoring of business operations by locking in changes through a two-rate system. For example, at the cost management level, it is difficult for headquarters to grasp the results of projects without systematic monitoring of the cost change rate of the projects.
Precision: Regional ranking can be achieved through two-digit system monitoring, with follow-up resources directed to more efficient areas. Companies pursue regional focus, urban deep-farming strategies, with an internal “five-good” investment principle, i.e.
“Cities good, markets good, team good, projects good, savings low”, with the key to “team good” being two rates 4.3, digital operations cover the full cycle, big data-driven business decision making, digital technology construction becoming invisible and long in the integrated management of modern enterprises.
Key indicators of cohesion. After more than 40 years of integrated development and operation, a “good life circle” has evolved, diversified operations have flourished under the banner, with companies actively embracing the “Internet+” and promoting the digitalization of business, the use of technology-driven quality services, and the creation of “smart communities” to upgrade the landscape to strengthen it.
Business management efficiency and upgrading of client experience is a starting point, combining business needs with management pain points, and working on the overall dataization of corporate investment management, business management and marketing management Development operations: at the investment end, companies deepen the use of supporting maps to promote investment management effectiveness; at the operational end,
(b) At the marketing end, optimize the online marketing platform “Better Houses”, through digital marketing, enabling marketing management, holding business: visualizing business data through the development of a business analysis system for digital holding property;
Real-time management of business and insights into business dynamics: through the light asset operating service platform under the flag, to promote large-scale property + large-sourced eco-circle development, and to actively build an integrated cloud technology platform-type business model; and through the inpark platform for park integration, to integrate park resources to make it easier for park clients to experience them
and intelligent online life services: access to industry-wide data sources through a business-based platform, intellectual space connections are advancing steadily to achieve an integrated service and client-consistency experience.5 Financial architecture is robust and profitability can grow over time.
The growth of the market and the rapid rise in the prices of second-line cities, thanks to the lower cost of money and the rapid increase in the prices of second-line cities, have led to an annual carry-over of high prices and to the suppression of profit margins by second-line cities, resulting in a sustained net return to the mother, as shown in figure 37: Sustained growth in earnings from business activity of second-line cities.
Figure 38: The net return profit of the merchant snakes has been declining steadily since 2019, 5.2, the profit margin has been declining, the profitability industry has been leading, the size of the business has expanded and the prices of second-line cities have been rising rapidly, and companies have been growing steadily.
After the price was taken, the government introduced a price-limiting policy, and the profit margin was significantly reduced, and the time of the high-priced market entry coincided with the industry’s transition to a cold winter, with a slowdown in decolonization and increased price difficulties compressing the profit margin of the business. But, by the same time, the level of corporate cost control was gradually rising, and as the scale grew, the three-fee ratio was not increasing, but decreasing, from 2016.
and the phasing out of low-cost, low-profit land projects in 2018: (2) land market prices are expected to stabilize after the market cools and the space for space spreads; (3) low financing costs for State enterprises and the successive development of two-line, high-quality earth reserves, with companies not earning a profit level in the next two years after they have hit the bottom or will recover slightly.
Debt is low in the industry, and the financing cost advantage is clear in a relatively reasonable range. In the context of a comprehensive tightening of industrial policies, such as three red lines, two centralized supply areas, and so on, cash-rich and financially sound housing firms such as merchants will have access to more high-quality resources.
The company, as a developer with a strong background, has a combined financing cost of 4.10 per cent, which is 0.38 percentage points lower than at the end of 2021. As of 2022h1 banks, multi-channel assets have been seized and holdings have been withdrawn. Companies have sold part of their assets in exchange for investment earnings.
Reits finance, acquisition and acquisition of assets to raise their value, and introduction of fund partners. 202h1 Snake Parks successfully marketed as one of the first infrastructure public fund-raising reits, generating after-tax revenues of $1,458 million, which led to a significant improvement in the company’s performance.
The establishment of the platform has made it possible to improve the integration of the “inflow tubes” and to further the development of the corporate holdings on a larger scale,6 profit projections and investment proposals, and we have made the following assumptions about the company's operations from the three blocks of real estate development, park operations and cruise operations:
Set up, with profit projections: (1) real estate business: companies have more than enough resources to sell, taking into account corporate project clearing cycles, false (2) park operations: affected by spread rent relief, 2022h1 company campus revenue on a year-on-year basis
(3) The cruise business: The impact of the epidemic has affected the tourism industry, and the company's cruise business has suffered a cold winter, accompanied by policy gains, and we have chosen to compare the value of land beaks, Pudong Bridges, which are also heavily operated by the leading housing companies of the real estate industry, Vankoa, Paulie Development and Home Development and Parks.
Strong, diversified business expansion, and more room for growth in the future. Corporate performance in 2022 was estimated to be more advantageous at the financing and regulatory levels, under the “home-in-the-house” and industry-led policies. We believe that companies have incentives and opportunities to accelerate sales growth and overall profitability.
Levels are repaired. (1) The company has a strong financial strength, a robust debt structure and a lower financing cost, and is able to make steady investments with large margins of profit; (2) the background and resource consolidation advantages, which can be obtained through a political partnership with low-cost land; and (3) the company ' s total land reserve, which can meet a development cycle of about four years, will occupy a share of land in the two-line cities.
More than 80 per cent guarantee that sales will be de-drawn in the context of the market; (4) the company ' s mastery in deep-farming areas, combined with efficient three-cost controls, frees up a certain margin of profit; (5) the steady expansion of park operations, with high asset values and Maori rates, can lead to stable and sustainable profits; (6) the future increase in investment in holdings.
There are more stable returns and higher profits than community-based operations. Companies are well-saled, land reserves are abundant, financial advantages are evident, and future performance is expected to continue to be released, covered for the first time, with a “buy-in” rating.
Market recovery has fallen short of expectations, core urban house price regulation has outpaced expectations, and diversified business operations have outpaced expectations.