In September 2021, the company had 10.37 of its own capital.
By the end of 2021, the stock of the company's gold deposits in the Mang City gold mine had been increased by billions of dollars, which had acquired 60 per cent of Zhang Hui's holdings as shareholders in the Mang City Huaming gold mine. By the end of 2021, the stock of the Mang City gold mine had been 2,322.5 million tons, the gold metal had been 70.67 tons, with an average grade of 3.04 g/t.
Day. At present, the size of the Man City mine is 10.0 million tonnes/year, but it has ceased production since 2016, and applications are being made for a conversion capacity of 1.2 million tonnes/year, which is expected to be successfully certified by May this year, when gold production will be around 5 tons.
The year 2021 saw a steady increase in performance, which benefited from a sharp increase in volume prices. Revenue and net profits: in 2021, the company earned 9.40 billion yuan, an increase of 14.35 per cent over the same period last year; in 2021, the return net profit was reached at a high level of 1,274 million. The Māori rate of the company ' s main product was higher: alloys/alloys containing silver/
In terms of sales, the production of silver was 178.37 tons, an increase of 14.33 per cent, and sales of 194.28 tons, an increase of 19.57 per cent; and) lead concentrates, a growth of 9.21 per cent, an increase of 10536.58 tons.
In recent years, the company has focused on upgrading existing mining plants and expanding production capacity; increasing investment in exploration and excavation of potential ore resources and metals of all types. In 2021, the company invested $101.87 million in exploration, of which $81.51.9 million was invested in capitalizing exploration for the Great Chaidan in Qinghai.
(b) Jilin Plateau Temple: last year's acquisition of tile trenches was successfully transferred to Silver-Thai Gold Holdings.
In the name of Gilling Silver Tae Seon Mining Co. Ltd.: Qinghai Big Chaidan: 2021, the separation of mining rights, the detailed development of the transfer of areas, the completion of various mining licence pre-registration techniques, including the scoping of mining areas, and the expected acquisition of the Qing Chai Trench by mid-2022
In 2021, from the north to the north to the north to the north to the north to the south of the 323, further exploration was carried out to increase the amount of resources ore by 2,723.5 million tons, the amount of gold and metals, the completion of the technical adaptation of the Yulong mining industry, and production will lead to a jump in production throughout the year.
By expanding the original site, the silver mine was able to hold 5,000 tons of selected minerals in 2021, construction of support facilities, such as water treatment, heating, and access to production facilities are expected to be completed by May 2022, with full year-round production capacity in 2022.
The plant, which last year had about 890,000 tons of ore disposal, is scheduled to continue to rise to 1.2 million tons this year, and is expected to break by 1.5 million tons next year. This will lead to an increase in mineral and silver production. Silver products are pure mineral products. The future production of mineral and silver is expected to increase steadily.
Gold prices will continue to be strong in the medium to long term, driven by multiple factors. While the dollar index continues to rise in the short term, and the global central bank’s interest increase is expected to push the gold under pressure, it will continue to do so.
As the Fed fell, gold rose again, and as of May 5, 2022, gold prices rose to a maximum of $1909.8 per ounce, followed by a slight fall. In the medium and long term, interest increases are expected to slow down, together with a combination of external and objective factors, such as geopolitical conflicts.
Under, the risk of stagnation still dominates the market mood, and gold prices are expected to remain strong, with the prospect of a breakthrough of $2,600 per ounce. Investment proposal: We expect the company’s performance to continue to grow over the next few years.
The gold business is active, and the gold industry is on the front line, strengthening its position as a “gold-based, high-quality mining investment operator” and seeking to expand its operations through sustained outreach development. The silver-tale gold main metal (gold, silver) and non-ferrous (lead, zinc, etc.) mines are selected and traded.
There are five mining companies, including the Yulong Mine, the Black River Silver Tetau, the Jilin Temple, the Qinghai Big Chaidan and the Huaming Gold Mine, among which, the Yuklong Mine is a lead and silver polymetal mine, the remaining four of which are gold mines. Silver-Thai gold is of good quality, rich in mineral resources, high in quality, promising in exploration, and has a great deal of expertise.
(i) Primary non-ferrous metal selection: from silver lead and zinc to gold, the company has evolved into a “gold-based” multi-metal company. Formerly Chongqing Wujiang Power Company Ltd.
During the year, the company's former major shareholder, the Ujiang Power Group, agreed to transfer 53.20 per cent of its holdings of State-owned corporate units to Open Holdings (formerly “Ced Holdings Ltd. in Guangzhou”) for a total of 157,454 thousand shares, which became the company's major shareholder; the company was subsequently renamed “Scientific City Development Co. Ltd.”, and the main business was transformed into the investment and management of urban utilities.
29.90% of the holdings were transferred to Silver-Thai Investments Ltd. of China, where Silver-Thai became the company's first shareholder, where the company made a transition from a hotel and restaurant industry to an energy and mineral-resources industry. In 2013, after the company and the Yulong Mine of Inner Mongolia had completed their asset restructuring, the company's main business was changed to non-ferrous metals such as silver, lead and zinc, and the company changed its name to “Gold-Teon”
In November 2016, Silver-Thai gold acquired a large stock of high-grade gold assets and resources from the Canadian gold mines in El-Lado in China, using it as an opportunity to transform its business into a gold-mining company. In 2019, the Shareholders Assembly approved and changed the name of the company from Silver-Thai Resources to Silver-Thai Gold. In September 2021, the company changed the name from Silver-Thai Resources to Silver-Thai Gold.
(ii) Large shareholders: Silver and Thai companies are strong shareholders in the company owned by the Chinese company Silver and Thai Investment Ltd. (“Sing and Thai investment”) and are actually in control of Mr. Shen's army as of today.
At the end of 2021, Mr. Shen was directly in possession of 6.49% of silver and silver gold, and Mr. Shen was in direct possession of 14.44% of the company’s shares. Since Mr. Shen is indirectly in possession of 92.5% of silver and silver gold, Mr. Shen is directly or indirectly in possession of 20.93% of silver and gold and is in line with his investment.
Internal and external listed companies and more than 100 holding and participating companies are involved in a number of industries, including real estate, finance, investment, minerals, tourism, and the company ' s main subsidiaries are Shanghai Seinji Mining Investment Company Ltd., Inner Mongolia Yulong Mining Co. Ltd. and Silver Tae Seong Supply Management Company Ltd., respectively, are involved in gold mining, silver lead and zinc mining, and trade in precious and non-ferrous metals.
The company operates mainly through its subsidiaries. At present, the company owns five mining companies, namely, the Inner Mongolia Yu Dragon Industries Company Ltd., the Black River and Galaxy Mining Development Company Ltd., the Gilling Temples Mining Company Ltd., the Qinghai Great Tsai Mining Company Limited, and the Man City Huaming Gold Development Company Ltd. In addition, the company's subsidiary, Silver Seung-hung, is a valuable metal and colored company.
Metals trade is dominated by financial instruments as an integrated trade service provider that mainly provides customers with services such as purchase and distribution channels, risk management, trade finance, supply chain finance, etc. (iii) senior management, and robust employee incentives
Management has a wealth of experience in the management of mergers and acquisitions and productions in the gold industry, and has a great influence within the industry. The company’s business management team is composed of experts with extensive experience in mining and capital markets and covers a wide range of specializations in business management, mining, mineral selection, geology, surveying, finance, law, etc. The following are the company’s main management:
Chairman Yang Hai Fei, with a complex financial and industrial background, has served in the company for many years and has a very high qualifications. He has served as a senior executive in the head of the country, since 2005 as Director-General of the Investment Department of Silver and Thai Investment Ltd. of China, as Chairman of the Board of Directors of Jinzhin and the Board of Directors of the company from January 2007 to May 2009, and since November 2008 as Chairman of the Board of Directors of the company, 2017
From February to the present, he has served as Deputy General Manager of the China Silver-Thai Investment Company, Senior Manager of Commerce, Exploration, Senior Engineers, etc. of the company. From April 2018 to September 2019, he has served as Chief Engineer of the company, since September 2019, and since November 2020 as Chief Executive Officer of the company.
In July 2019, Silver-Thai Gold ' s first employee holdings were completed by the company ' s repurchase of a non-trading account, with a total of 2,541.1 million shares, or 1.28 per cent of the company ' s total stock holdings, with a fixed fixed-term lock-in price of $8.41/stock. The total number of employees participating in this scheme was 43. Of these, 11 were directors, supervisors, senior managers, and core cadres.
(iv) Gold operations are dynamic, driving performance growth.
In terms of operating income, silver and Thai gold earned $9.04 billion in 2021, an increase of 14.35 per cent over the same period last year. Specifically, non-ferrous metal extraction generated 3,787 million yuan, an increase of 0.53 per cent over the same period, making a smaller contribution to the gross revenue. In the first quarter of 2022, the company earned 2,234 million yuan in operating revenue.
At the profit end, in the first quarter of 22 years, the net return to the mother fell short of expectations. In 2021, the company achieved a net return of $1,274 million, an increase of 2.49 per cent. Despite the increase in gold sales, the net return to the mother grew less because of the weak gold prices in 2021.
Strong gold mining assets contributed 79.74% to the company’s net return on its home base. At the same time, this year’s return on investment and fair value changes amounted to $274 million in the first quarter of the year, representing a decrease of 8.99% in the same year, mainly because of the management costs of Silver Tae Sung-hong and his subsidiaries, of which $265 million, accounting for the largest share, about 78.0%; and an increase of 11.6% in the same year, specifically sales fees.
With an increase of $0.04 billion, or 98.18 per cent over the same year, this is mainly due to an increase in storage costs in the current year; an increase of $0.08 million in management costs, or 3.13 per cent over the same year; and an increase of $ 24 million in finance costs, mainly due to an increase in corporate bank loans in the current period. In the first quarter of 2022, the company ' s total cost for the period was $0.07 billion, an increase of 29 per cent over the same period.
Levels. Companies have a strong financing capacity and have good partnerships with financial institutions, such as banks. As a resource industry, asset-based debt ratios have been a major focus for investors, with a slight increase in corporate asset-liability rates since they entered the gold-selection area in 2018, and a small increase to 20% after the completion of the acquisitions last year, but still a low debt rate and corporate cash flows, which are rare compared to their counterparts.
In the last two years, the company has increased its investment in exploration to exploit potential ore resources and metals of all types. In 2021, the company invested $3,943,700 and $8,159.9 million in capital exploration for the Jilin Plateau and Qinghai Chaidan, respectively, and $13,21.4 million and $3.2 million, respectively, for cost exploration for the Yulong Mines and the Black River.
Five Dragon Mines: In 2021, $13.240 million was invested in exploration in the concession for silver and silver lead mining, the main element of which is to secure mining by encrypting the volume of resources. The deep-discovered copper and tin mines are being explored and no resource estimates are being carried out, and in the future the amount of copper and tin will be estimated in detail in the report on exploration in the advanced mining rights.
Jilin Plateau: In 2021, survey activities were mainly concentrated within gold mining rights, with a total of $3.9437 million in capitalized exploration investments (including prospecting rights in plywood trenches).
There are four major gold mining companies under the silver-thai gold flag, the Black River, the Jillin Tablet Temple, the Qinghai Big Chaidan and the Hua Sein Gold Mines, all of which are large gold mines, with a total of 7 mining rights and 13 prospecting rights. Of these, prospecting rights are explored in 157.9 square metres, according to the Chinese Gold Association, the company ' s mineral production is fifth among the companies listed in the gold market in China, and the company is also the gold mine.
By the end of 2021, the combined amount of silver and Thai gold (including surface deposits) ores had increased by 101,941,700 tons, gold and metals by 170.45 tons, silver and silver metals by 7,154.06 tons, lead and zinc metals by 10,764 tons, copper and tin metals by 6.35 million tons, and tin and tin metals by 18.2 million tons.
(i) Excellent mineral endowments to tap into the incremental potential of 2.1.1 Black River Milky Way: from Lulu to actively promote expansion.