Hale's holdings are entering a new phase of development, and the slurry station expansion is expected to be rich in M & As experience, excellent in profitability, top-notch in the industry.
In 2019, the company produced its own blood products in the first line of the industry.
The level of Māori is close to 60%, and profitability is at the forefront of the industry. After 2021, the agency will be represented by billions. A ten-year renewal of the agency with Kilifor will guarantee certainty and continuity.
In 2023, more than 12,000 tons of slurry were extracted, increasing the supply at the 14th Plan's slurry station and raising the awareness of the masses. The demand for blood products as a whole continued to grow steadily, while the supply of some products such as Silicon C was in short supply, and the price system was relatively high.
Stable. Due to supply side limitations, the blood products combined in the two regional unions have been reduced by the highest/minimum price within 52 weeks. Good supply side growth, coupled with continued good demand, is expected to lead to better business performance.
In recent years, state-owned companies with holdings of blood products, publicly owned companies with a background in China, have been able to market blood products with greater financial strength and slurry capacity, with a concentration of industries in terms of grifols, s.a.
In June 2024, Hale and Kilifor formally completed the cut-off, Heil Group became corporate realist, and Shanghai Lax's long-standing lack of real control was reversed.
There are three big health boards, three listed companies, Heir Organisms, Yonkian Life and Shanghai Laith, Heir Organisms with the wisdom of a combination of blood solutions, and Healthy Lives.
Ecology, both of which have good synergies with Shanghai Leis blood products. The company currently has 44 slurry stations, of which 41 are in camp slurry stations, one is in construction and two are in the process of acquiring slurry stations in the coming year.
Phase V is expected to see the Heir Group's enabling effect on the Shanghai Leis slurry station, where the company's slurry is not as high as expected; the product sales are not as high as expected; the new product is not on the market as the 1st Platoon in the blood industry, and the Heir Group's holdings are rejuvenated.
The Shanghai Vegetables, founded in 1988 and listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange in 2008, is a leading domestic blood industry that collects raw materials for plasma collection, blood products development, production, and sale in one. The company has five blood license plates (Shanghai Vegeters, Lisi, Cheongzhou, Hokang, Guangxi Crest), and its subsidiaries, Sun and Sun, have 44 single-plastic plasma stations.
The company is at the top of the country in terms of the number of slurry stations, the number of license plates, and the number of products. In September 1988, the rare antibody antigen supply company of the United States (Les America) and the blood transfusions of the blood center in Shanghai.