Qingdao Port (601298.sh) reported in the first quarter of 2025: net parent return: Qingdao Port (601298.sh) issued its first quarter report in 2025; operating income: $4.807 billion in the first quarter of 2025, an increase of 8.51 per cent.
Mother-to-child net profit: 1,402 million yuan in the first quarter of 2025, an increase of 6.51 per cent in the same year.\triangleright, in the first quarter of the year, the company achieved 8.22 million TEU in container throughput, an increase of 7.2 per cent in the same year.
The volume of exports in Shandong Province is 53 trillion yuan, an increase of 3.5% from the same year, supporting container throughput. Industry dry bulk, liquid bulk throughput pressure, we believe, has benefited from a steady increase in the volume of cargo throughput in the hinterland.
In the first quarter of 2025, iron ore, the main imported iron ore in the country, reached 339 million tons of iron ore in the port, a decline of 1.68 per cent compared with 1.68 per cent.
Coal: In the first quarter of 2025, coal throughput by the main coal-discharged port enterprises in the country Crude oil: in the first quarter of 2025, crude throughput by the main crude offloading port enterprises in the country reached 98 million tons, a decrease of 7.95 per cent from the previous year.
Qingdao Harbour (601298.sh) 2024 Annual Report Review: Taking into account the impact of container throughput, we believe that the company's dry bulk, liquid bulk throughput is the mother's net profit + 6.33%, continuing the previous period's distribution.
Overall performance is better than industry, benefiting to some extent from the resilience of the hinterland demand. Red: We believe that the company maintained a high-scoring capacity to ensure the value of its investments. Qingdao 1 (2025), Qingdao 1 (601298.sh) performance report 2024
Quarterly, the company achieved a net operating cash flow of 1,237 million yuan, an increase of 120.47 per cent over the same period.
Qingdao Port (601298.sh) incident review: reorganization to cash acquisition, plus or better than the original scheme
Profit forecasting and investment rating: not taking into account the impact of the company's M & As programme, we expect the company to be in touch with the company,
Risk factors: Port integration progresses below expectations; container throughput falls short of expectations; bulk liquids logistics, roads, railways, ports, aviation, maritime transport, major areas of transport, new wealth surged in 2021 and 2022, joined in 2022 and was mainly responsible for research in the aviation, airport and other industries.
This part of the report is not relevant, is not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report. Sinda Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications of the CSRC-regulated securities investment consultancy business.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference in investment decisions for this category of clients. Both parties have strict agreement on rights and responsibilities. The present report is only available to the above-mentioned specific clients and is not intended for public publication.
The opinion and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report alone suggest that the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and that historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.