Merchant securities zheshangsecurities (601878ch) Quarterly Review 2022: The first success of the transformation of wealth management and better performance of brokering, etc. 1q22 sources: wmtransformistakingeffects, with brokerage & mbusessesbesolid
Investment Focus (pleaseeeseappendix1forenglichsummary) Investment Point: HQ is located in Zhejiang, plowing long triangles and has formed "Secret + Futures+"
In the highly competitive brokerage market, the market share has steadily increased through a low commission rate strategy. Brokering has remained at a high rate, managing a large share of business income +65.3%, and futures have been active.
[Incidents] Business income of $3.13 billion was realized in the first quarter of 2022, i.e. -3.9 per cent of the year; net profit of the mother was $320 million, i.e. 23.2 per cent of the year; the ratio of eps.0.08 was positive, and the construction of “Project No. 1” of the wealth management business was very effective.
Making full use of product distribution channels and regional advantages, it continues to push for a change in wealth management, with revenue from brokering + 21% of the same amount. Corporate brokerage revenue is $520 million, with sales of all types of financial products +45.4% of the same year.
There is a volume of $44.5 billion, or +32.4 per cent, in which the equity product has grown in size — a development strategy for Deep Farming + Focus, which strengthens the capacity of integrated services and seeks to overcome the adverse effects of the new crown epidemic and economic fluctuations.
At the beginning of 2022, the new coronary virus pneumonia epidemic spread across the country, causing capital markets.
With a certain impact, and with a negative impact on the development of the Bank's operations, the Corporate Investment Bank will pursue its development strategy of Deep Farming + Focus in an effort to overcome the adverse effects of the new crown epidemic and economic volatility, seize opportunities, work hard and effectively promote sustainable development.
• Take full advantage of market opportunities to improve product performance. In the first quarter of 2022, 81% of corporate capital was actively managed.
ivianxu