On 25 April 2024, China Sea Oil released the company ' s report for the first quarter of 2024, which stated that the company ' s operating income of 2024q1 was $111,468 million, an increase of 14.10 per cent over the same year;
The net profit of the mother is now 39.719 billion yuan, an increase of 23.70 per cent over the same year. The company's performance in crude oil has been significantly repaired, and barrel oil costs have been well regulated: 2024q1 Brent crude oil period 1. China Sea Oil Company Stocktaking: Powerful Performance Re-emerged!
The average price of the goods settlement was $81.76 per barrel, a decrease of 0.49 per cent in the same year, and a decrease in the ring ratio 2. China Sea Oil Company ' s Stocktaking: Scarcity of Sustained Production! The average price achieved was $78.75 per barrel, an increase of 6.20 per cent in the same year.
3. China Sea Oil Company Review: Scarcity, Beyond Expectations!, 2023.8.18 Efficiency gains, good management of barrel oil costs, with a major cost of 2024q1 barrels at $27.59 per barrel, a decrease of 2.23 per cent from the same year, and a strong advantage of company barrel oil costs.
(b) In response to calls for increased production, the level of capital expenditure was maintained at a higher level, with firm expenditure on exploration and development amounted to $28.72 billion for 2024q1, a higher increase of 16.81 per cent.
Capital expenditure levels guaranteed the company ' s oil and gas production, with 2024q1 producing 180 million barrels of oil and gas equivalent, an increase of 9.88 per cent in the same year, with crude oil production of 141 million barrels, an increase of 9.58 per cent in the same year; and natural gas production of 22,95 million cubic feet, an increase in the same year.
New projects are well under way, and the company’s high-growth advantages are highlighted: in 2024, the company’s new projects were set to proceed in an orderly manner, of which the secondary redevelopment projects for the 26-1 and Brigades Great 5-2 fields were launched earlier than planned and were expected to peak in 2025.
In order to sustain the company’s higher growth in oil and gas production, the company’s high growth advantage is highlighted. Profit forecasting, valuation, and rating.
The growth of capital spending has led to an upward revision of corporate profits for 2024-2026 (1) lower than expected: (2) less intensive implementation of the cut-off in oil production + less than expected: (3) abnormal disruption of crude oil supply and demand: (4) energy policy and sanctions
Impact of business operations: (5) Exchange rate risk: (6) Other force majeure risks.1 The oil price is more than expected to perform at the same level as the ring comparison, and China Sea Oil released the company ' s report for the first quarter of 2024 on 25 April 2024, bringing the company 2024q1 into operation
Revenues of $111,468 million, an increase of 14.10 per cent over the same period; net return returns of $39,719 million, an increase of 23.70 per cent over the same year; company performance increased significantly and exceeded expectations, with crude oil prices falling by 0.49 per cent over the same year.
Cost demand has continued to recover, and oil prices have shown a shock upward trend over geo-conflicting factors. 2024q1 Brent crude oil futures are settled at an average price of $81.76 per barrel, a decrease of 0.49 per cent and a decline of 1.32 per cent in the ring. In companies with substantially equal oil prices, efficiency gains have been implemented, barrel costs have been well managed, with a major cost of 2024q1 barrels of oil at $27.59 per barrel.
In response to the call to increase production, the company maintained a high level of capital expenditure, with 2024q1 spending on exploration and development. The company ' s total oil and gas production amounted to 180 million barrels of oil equivalent, an increase of 9.88 per cent over the same period, of which the crude oil production amounted to 141 million barrels.
In 2024, the construction of the company ' s new project progressed in an orderly manner, with secondary readjustment development projects for the 26-1 and Brigade Great 5-2 fields growing at a relatively high rate, with the company ' s high growth advantage highlighted.
1) Not as fast as expected: The oil and gas field is a long process from exploration to exploitation, in which delays in the production of the field may occur. 2) The implementation of the crop reduction is less intensive than expected: the OPC plus reduction plan represents a significant reduction in the marginal supply of crude oil worldwide
Impact factors, if the implementation of the OEC+ reduction is less than expected, or if the results of the current supply end calculations are affected. 3) The supply and demand of crude oil are abnormally disturbed: geopolitical events such as changes in the situation in the Russian Federation, the conflict in the Middle East, the advance of the Iran nuclear agreement and the lifting of sanctions in Venezuela, or uncertainty at the supply end, while oil prices remain high and oil companies are modified.
Possibilities of production plans, strong US Federal Reserve interest or dollar-led indexes, which are usually negatively related to crude oil prices, assuming that the Fed raises interest rates or disturbs crude oil prices. 4) Impact of energy policies and sanctions on business operations: companies have large offshore hydrocarbon assets, offshore hydrocarbon assets
Development and production are governed by local energy policies, assuming changes in energy policies in countries where hydrocarbon assets are located or have an impact on business operations: trade and economic sanctions resulting from the deterioration of relations between different countries may have significant adverse effects on intra-industry operations, existing assets or future investments, while different levels of United States federal, state or local government
Countries or areas and their residents or designated Governments, individuals and entities are subject to varying degrees of economic sanctions. If the United States Department of Commerce puts companies on the list of entities in the month, or has some negative impact on their engagement in international trade. 5) Exchange-rate risk: global crude oil prices are predominantly denominated in United States dollars and companies have some assets in overseas markets, but not public.
The financial statements are usually expressed in the renminbi, if there is a significant fluctuation in the exchange rate between the renminbi and the United States dollar, or if there are other force majeure risks to corporate performance remittances.