Production performance was higher than expected, with cost-reducing spaces continuously filling up with billions of yuan, an increase of 23.7 per cent over the same period; net profit from non-repatriation of 39,475 million yuan, an increase of 25.5 per cent over the same period; million barrels of oil equivalent, an increase of 9.9 per cent over the same period, was realized in the subregion as a result of the domestic production of new oil and gas fields.
Millions of barrels of oil equivalent increased by 17.1 per cent, or 31.6 per cent of total net production, mainly thanks to the production contribution of Guyana and Canada. By variety, oil liquid production was 140.7 million barrels, or 9.6 per cent, and natural gas production was 22,95 billion cubic feet, or 10.6 per cent.
In this context, the company’s oil fluids averaged $78.75 per barrel, an increase of 7.9 per cent, to $11.774 billion.
The cost is further reduced, and the Māori rate is higher. The company further digs down the cost of submersible, with 24q1 \triangleright having a major cost of $27.59/barrel equivalent, a 2.2 per cent decrease from the same time.
Depreciation amortization/disposal/sales management costs/taxes other than income tax, respectively, were successfully advanced on new projects, and Afforders increased production. 24q1, the company obtained two new discoveries, which were successful \triangleright
2. China Sea Oil (600938.sh) incident rating: four oil- and gas-bearing structures were evaluated during the year; among them, China ' s maritime area was successfully evaluated south of 8-3 and opened the sea ' s depths, and two billion tons were found, with energy giants growing at a steady pace of 20-20.
In the area of oil and gas exploration, new discoveries of bluefin have been made in the overseas Guiana Stabroek, which further expands the size of the south-east storage of blocks. In the area of production development, the secondary redevelopment project for the 36-1/B Great 5-2 oil field was compared to the 3. China Sea Oil (600938.sh) incident assessment: production target.
Plan to start production ahead of schedule, with a projected peak production of 30,300 barrels of oil equivalent/investment in 2025: high storage space, high cost-control capacity, both growth and high-scoring characteristics of the company, and with the incorporation of listed company value realization and market value management into the company performance evaluation system and the development of market value management, respectively, by the National Finance Committee
The undervalued valuation is expected to return to rationality. We expect the company to be 2024-\triangleright.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.