China Sea Oil (600938.sh): The performance is in line with Hong Kong Investment Holdings, which operates in China Sea Oil Trading.
International oil prices declined in 2023, barrel cost control remained visible and performance decreased less than in conventional oil and gas operations, shale oil and gas operations, oil and sand operations and other non-conventional oil and gas operations.
In 2023, the average price of crude oil was $82.56 per barrel, compared with the exploration, exploitation and production of products such as crude oil and natural gas, which were traded by the trading branch.
19.29 per cent. In 2023, the company insisted on efficiency gains in the form of boosters, good control of barrel oil costs, and the barrel master division operated mainly in markets such as China, Canada, the United Kingdom, Nigeria, Indonesia and Brazil.
Oil and gas production is five years old, and companies will perform with certainty in the future. In 2023, the company produced oil and gas, debt and cross-equity: five years old, net oil and gas production of about 678.0 million barrels equivalent, exceeding what was set at the beginning of the year.
New projects are moving ahead in an orderly manner, capital spending is increasing production up to a new level, and companies are expected to grow up. In 2023, the company was able to discover a total of 9 new discoveries and to evaluate successfully 22 oil- and gas-bearing structures, with a replacement rate of 180 per cent, an increase of 1 new discovery over the previous three quarters, and a successful evaluation of one oil- and gas-containing structure.
Life expectancy has been maintained for more than 10 years in a row for seven consecutive years, with a steady pace of increase in reserves. Companies have accelerated their capacity-building, and the global economy is expected to grow weak over the years. China’s long-term trend towards good basics will remain unchanged, and companies will be strong.
The company continues to maintain high dividends and a high return on shareholder investment. In 2023, the total cash share of the company was forecast for corporate profits and investment rating: we're looking at a solid future stock space in the oil price center, s1480122080006
High cost-control capacity and performance stability sustains our predictions of the risks of corporate wealth booming in 2024-2026; (3) exchange rate fluctuations and foreign exchange control risks; and (4) forward-looking judgment and actual emergence of hydrocarbon prices
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, China Sea Oil (600938.sh): Performance meets expectations, and capital expenditure increases to boost production reserves.
Cao Fung, Bachelor of Mathematics and Applied Mathematics, University of Gangan, Master of Financial Mathematics, six years of experience in investment studies, 2015-2018.
Research Assistant Introduction Mau Wenjun, Research Assistant, Energy Industry, Ph.D., Visiting Scholar, Cornell University, United States of America 2019-2020, for biomass energy. Joined in 2022.
East Hing securities, covering mainly research in the fields of energy extraction and transformation, non-ferrous metals, carbon neutrals, and so on.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports China Sea Oil (600938.sh): Performance meets expectations, and capital expenditure increases production reserves up and up.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know it, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter evaluated or recommended in this report. Where the law so permits, my company and its affiliated institutions may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.