China Sea Oil (600938.sh) China Sea Oil discovered the first ultra-deep water super-light gas field in the west of the South China Sea.
Petroleum petrochemical oil and gas exploitation ii. Investment rating: superior (maintained) to the city. On 6 June 2024, China ' s sea oil announced a major breakthrough in the exploration of the super-deep water super-light atmosphere in the west of the South China Sea.
1) We have made a major breakthrough in exploration in the area of super-deep water super-light atmosphere: the mausoleum 36-1 gas field is located in the western sea of the South China Sea, at an average depth of about 1,500 metres; the main air cover is the fourth department of the Le Dong group reservoir, which is 210 metres deep in the air layer, and the well testes for uncontrolled natural gas flows exceed 10 million square metres/day (approximately 57,000 barrels of oil equivalent/day), and in 2023 Chinese sea oil and gas production was about 1.57 million barrels of oil equivalent/day. The mausoleum 36-1 is China ' s sea oil relay.
After oil and gas fields such as Bay 3-1, Deep Sea 1 (Maal Water 17-2), Deep Sea 1 II (Maal Water 25-1), Bo Island 21-1, and Kaipingnan, there will be another major breakthrough in deep-water exploration. China's sea oil will continue to carry out critical technological closings for exploration and exploitation of the super-surface reservoirs, contributing to the use of new natural gas resources and accelerating exploration and exploitation of deep-sea oil and gas resources.
2. In the medium- and long-term, the country ' s gas demand has been growing at a relatively rapid rate: in 2023, the country ' s natural gas demand rose from 3900 billion cubic metres in the year in question to 300 billion cubic metres in the year in question. According to the 14th-day modern energy system, gas consumption in 2025 will reach 420-46 billion cubic metres, with a compound increase of about 7 per cent, with a peak in natural gas consumption expected to occur in 2040, at about 700 billion cubic metres.
Gas and industrial fuels are the main current demand, and in the process of future growth gas generation and urban gas will contribute a major increase. (3) The company has developed three trillion-dollar strategic plans for the atmosphere, with clear production paths: in 2022, China ' s sea oil proposed a fuel and gas supply guarantee centre.
The trillion atmospheric areas of the South China Sea cover mainly the Ringo Basin, the Jong south-east Basin and the Pearl River mouth basin of the South China Sea, the trillion atmospheric areas of the South China Sea, mainly the Chinese Sea Oil Mine, which is located in the Sea Sea of the Bay Basin, and the trillion Sea Area of Sea Oil, which is located on the land of Odong, refers to China Sea Oil, which is a non-conventional gas mine in the Ordos Basin, the Eastern Ribbon and the Saltine Basin. China ' s Sea Oil Strategic Plan proposes that the South China Sea be built by around 2025.
The South China Sea is one of the main battlegrounds for the increase in natural gas reserves in the public sector, and the testing of the Sea’s 36-1 has been successful, further tightening the resource base of the South China Sea’s ‘Billion Million Atmosphere Area’. Companies will continue to scale up oil and gas exploration in the South China Sea, increasing their energy supply capacity.
4. The price of the international gas market in May has recovered steadily: since May, with the onset of the northern hemisphere summer, the demand for power generation refrigeration has increased as a result of high-temperature weather, while the US export terminal for freeportlng has returned to normal operation, the US export volume for ng has increased and the price of the international gas market has recovered steadily in May. In May 2024, the average collection price for nymex gas futures was $2.41 per million.
Increases of $0.62 per million British heat units (+34.9 per cent) compared to the previous month; henryhub gas averages $2.15 per million British heat units, with an increase of $0.55 per million British heat units (+34.5 per cent) compared to the previous month; North-East Asia ' s average C.O. value of liquefied natural gas is $11.23 per million British heat units, with an increase of $1.16 per million British heat units (+11.5 per cent) compared to the previous month; and China ' s average L.E. gas export price is $4319 per tonne, compared to the previous month.
This is an increase of 189 yuan/tonne per month (+4.6 per cent). A major breakthrough has been made in the exploration of our super-deep water super-light atmosphere, where 36-1 mausoleum fields are located in the western sea of the South Sea, at an average depth of 1,500 metres.
Deep 210 meters, wells test the flow of unhampered natural gas in excess of 10 million square/day (approximately 57,000 barrels of oil equivalent/day) and China ' s sea oil and gas production in 2023 amounted to approximately 1.57 million barrels of oil equivalent/day.
In the medium- and long-term, the country's gas demand continued to grow at a relatively rapid rate. In 2023, the country's gas demand rose from 39 billion cubic metres of gas consumption throughout the year.
Gas consumption is planned to reach 420-46 billion cubic metres in 2025, at a compound rate of about 7 per cent, and a peak in natural gas consumption is projected to occur in 2040, at about 700 billion cubic metres. In the consumption structure, urban gas and industrial fuels are the main current demand, and future growth will result in a major increase in the generation of gas and urban gas.
In 2022, China's sea oil proposed a programme for the construction of an oil and gas supply and security centre. It developed a strategic plan for the three trillion atmospheric areas, which is a guide to the sea atmosphere, the Chinese sea atmosphere and the Earth's land-based oceanic atmosphere.
The Sea's Google Basin, Jong-nam Basin and Pearl River mouth Basin, the Sea of China's Sea Oil Mine, which is located mainly in the sea of the Bay Basin, and the Sea of China's Sea Oil Zone, which is located on the land of Odong, refers to China's unconventional natural gas mining areas in the Ordos Basin at the eastern edge of the Ordos Basin and in the river basin. China's Sea has built trillion atmospheres around the year. The South Sea is one of the main battle sites for the company's natural gas reserves, and the testing of Mahal 36-1 has been successful.
The company will continue to increase its oil and gas exploration efforts in the South China Sea, increasing its energy supply capacity. Since May, the international gas market has been warming.
Export terminals have returned to normal operations, the export volume of ng in the United States has increased, and prices on the international gas market have recovered steadily in May. In May 2024, the average collection price for nymex gas futures was $2.41/million British Heat Unit, an increase of $0.62/million British Heat Unit (+34.9 per cent) compared to the previous month; the average spot price for henryhub natural gas was $2.15/million British Heat Unit, an increase of $0.55/million British Heat Unit (+34.5 per cent) compared to the previous month;
The average CIF for LNG in North-East Asia was $11.23 per million, an increase of $1.16 per million in HEU (+11.5 per cent) compared to the previous month; The average LNG outage price in China was $4319 per tonne, an increase of 189 ton (+4.6 per cent) compared to the previous month.
Investment proposals: maintain profit forecasts and maintain the risk of significant fluctuations in crude oil prices “better than the big market”; the risk of frequent natural disasters; the risk of new projects falling short of expectations; geopolitical risks; policy risks Author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic is based on the author's professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion,
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author