China's oil was awarded a contract for the development of five oil and gas blocks in Mozambique.
On 24 May, China Sea Oil announced that its wholly-owned subsidiaries had entered into oil exploration and production concession contracts for five maritime blocks in Mozambique with the Ministry of Energy and Mines of Mozambique and the Mozambique National Oil Company (enh). 1) The company was awarded a concession contract for five oil blocks in Mozambique: this contract involved a total of S6-a, S6-b, a6-d, a6-e and a6-g.
Five blocks, all located in Mozambique ' s maritime area, with a total area of approximately 29,000 square kilometres and a depth of 500 to 2,500 metres. Under the terms of the contract, the first phase of the exploration period for each of these blocks was four years, with five wholly-owned subsidiaries under the Chinese flag of sea oil acting as operators in the exploration and exploitation phase and each with rights and interests (s6-a 70 per cent, s6-b77.5 per cent, a6-d77.5 per cent, a6-e 80 per cent, a6-g79.5 per cent), Mozambique.
The National Oil Company has the remaining non-operators ' interests. (2) The company is expected to expand its operations in the oil and gas sector in Mozambique rapidly in the future for the first time in Mozambique: in November 2021, Mozambique ' s Ministry of Mines launched the sixth round of national oil and gas concessions, involving a total of 16 maritime blocks.
According to the National Petroleum Association of Mozambique (inp), the first phase of the exploration plan proposed by the China Oil and Eni Group will invest approximately $370 million and drill at least four wells in deep water areas. China ' s oil will be engaged in seismic data collection and deep water drilling once the contract enters into force, and new oil resources will be discovered at that time, a strategic initiative that marks its presence in Mozambique.
There has been a significant expansion of operations in the oil and gas sector, with China ' s net production of 12.3.2 million barrels of oil equivalent (+6.9 per cent of the year) and overseas production of 56.9 million barrels of oil equivalent (+16.9 per cent of the year), largely benefiting from the production contribution of the Guyana and Canadian Long Lakes oil sand projects.
The company obtained a concession contract for five petroleum blocks in Mozambique: the contract was signed for a total of five blocks of s6-a\times6-b\timesa6-d\timesa6-e and a6-g, all located in the maritime area of Mozambique, covering a total area of approximately 29,000 square kilometres and water depths of 500 to 2,500 metres, in accordance with the terms of the contract.
The first phase of the exploration phase of the said blocks was four years, with five wholly-owned subsidiaries under the Chinese flag of naval oil acting as operators in the exploration and exploitation phase and each with the rights and interests of the operators of the five blocks (s6-a70 per cent, s6-b77.5 per cent, a6-d77.5 per cent, a6-e80 per cent, a6-g79.5 per cent), and the remaining non-operating interests of the State Oil Company of Mosambik.
During the month, Mozambique's Ministry of Mines launched the sixth round of national oil and gas concessions, involving a total of 16 maritime blocks. Eventually, China's oil won five blocks in the sea and Italy's Eni Group one block. According to the Mozambique National Petroleum Association (inp), the first phase of the exploration plan proposed by China's Sea Oil and Einique Group will invest approximately $370 million and drill at least four wells in deep water.
This will be followed by seismic data collection and deep water drilling, at which time new oil resources may be discovered, a strategic initiative that marks a significant expansion of its operations in the area of oil and gas in Musambik. The company’s offshore oil and gas production has grown rapidly: its net output in the first quarter of 2024 was 180.1 million barrels of oil equivalent (year-on-year +9.9%), of which the company’s net output was 180.1 million barrels of oil equivalent (+9.9% per cent).
The net domestic production of 12.32 million barrels of oil equivalent (year-on-year +6.9 per cent) and the overseas production of 56.9 million barrels of oil equivalent (year-on-year +16.9 per cent) was largely the result of the contribution of production from the Guyana and Canadian Long Lakes oil sand projects. According to the Government of Guyana, the average production in January-April 2024 was 625,000 barrels per day in the Guyana Stabroek, with a combined production of 18.7 million barrels, after 18.9 million barrels in March.
Risks of significant fluctuations in crude oil prices; risks of natural disasters; risks of new projects not operating as expected; geopolitical risks; policy winds Author ensures that data used in reports are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic is based on the author's professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions from any third party by reasoning judgement or drawing conclusions; authors have not studied them in the past, now or in the future