The performance of 2401 exceeded expectations, and resource endowments continued to materialize: on 25 April 2024, China Sea Oil issued its first quarter report for 2024. China Sea Oils (600938.sh) in 2024
During the quarter, the company achieved operating income of $111,468 million, i.e. +14.08 per cent, ring + 1.53 per cent; net profit of $39,719 million, i.e., +23.69 per cent, ring + 51.61 per cent, net profit of the mother; price differential of the company to $2.61/b., international oil prices in the Middle East.
\triangleright Practice No.: s150051807001 Maintenance of a high shock at risk, with an average crude oil price of $81.36 per barrel in Brent, which is essentially the same as the comparable rate.
The company achieved an oil price of $78.75 per barrel compared to +6 per cent and an average discount of $2.61 per barrel compared to the price of $7.93 per barrel for the same period last year, resulting in a gas price of $7.69 per cubic foot compared to 8 per cent for the same period, mainly affected by the exchange rate conversion of the renminbi.
Research assistant in the Xiaoxian petrochemical industry 24q1 fuel and gas production increased by 9.9 per cent: 2024q1, company net oil and gas production 180.1 million barrels \triangleright
Oil production was 140.7 million barrels (78 per cent of the ratio), +9.6 per cent of the year, natural gas production was 22.9 billion cubic feet (22 per cent of the year), +10.6 per cent of the year, domestic production was + 6.9 per cent to 12.3.2 million barrels, overseas production was +16.9 per cent to 56.9 million barrels, and overseas production was 31.6 per cent of the year.
+2pc, mainly due to production contributions from Guyana and Canada. In addition, the Guyana Stabroek block has been newly discoveredbluefin, or will further expand the size of the block south-east storage. US$ (same-$0.63). Of this, barrel oil is depreciated, depreciated and amortized, and barrel oils are sold.
The decrease in sales and management costs was significant, ranging from US$ -0.45 to US$ 0.30, respectively, and depreciation, depreciation and amortization were mainly due to the combined effect of changes in exchange rates and production structure. Taxes other than income tax were equal to US$0.39 per barrel, mainly affected by the collection of mineral rights gains.
\triangleright billion yuan, or +17 per cent, of which expenditures on production capitalization were equal to +65.67 per cent, and the proportion of real investments in exploration, exploitation, production support and development and production capitalization increased.
Profit forecasts and investment ratings: we forecast net return profits for the company in 2024-2026 to be 8.32, 7.70 and 7.33 times respectively for the \triangleright shares and h for the round.
Given that the company benefited from high crude oil prices and production growth, it is expected that the company will continue to perform well in 2024-2026, that there is still much room for restoration, and that it will enjoy high dividends, and that we maintain the “buy-in” of the company's shares a and h shares.
Risk factors: economic fluctuations and downside risks of oil prices; and the rate of output increase in the company ' s reserves at a lower rate than expected;
\triangleright House No. 1 of 9 West Side Street, Beijing City, economic sanctions and geopolitical risks.
Mr. Zhog Ming, Ph.D., Registered Consultant (Investment) Engineer, Deputy General Manager of the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, Member of the China Society of Geology and Minerals Economics, Member of the China International Engineering Advisory Corporation's Pool of Experts, Member of the China Price Association's Sub-Committee on Coal Prices, former Deputy Director of the Advisory Division of Industry of the China Coal Industry Association (chaired) for more than 10 years, conducted research and advisory work in coal and energy-related fields, and presided over the “13th Five” National Coal Survey and Development
Planning research, revision of technology policy in the coal industry and enterprise-related advice were conducted on 100 topics, and in June 2016, the Union ' s Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre was responsible for research in the coal industry. From 2019 to the present, it was responsible for research on large energy panels. Liu Hong Guang, a doctor from Beijing University, and a member of the Carbon Central and Professional Committee of the China Environmental Science Society.
The Director-General's assistant led a study on medium- and long-term projections of energy consumption, and the editor-in-chief published and published China's Energy Outlook 2060; completed a study on “Category Carbon Reaching and Implementation Path” in the petrochemical industry, and participated in the preparation of relevant policy documents on oil and gas industry planning, construction of a new energy system, industry carbon peaks and high-quality development in the national ministry.
Hu Xiao Yi, Master of Economics, University of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, and Bachelor of Science in Finance, University of Finance and Economics, South-West China. Joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for research in the petrochemical industry.
Liu Xing, Master of Arts, University of Hong Kong, Bachelor of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 to work on the petrochemical component, which has no connection with, has no connection with, and will not be directly or indirectly related to, the specific analytical opinions or views contained in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindam Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy approved by the CVM. This report is produced and published by the Sindha Securities Corporation.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.