High net oil and gas production, with overperformance of 2024q1 - China Sea Oil (600938.sh) incident assessment report, China Sea Oils issued a one-monthly report in 2024: 111,468 million operating income achieved by the company
Realization of net profits attributable to the shareholders of the parent company The net profits of the shareholders of the municipal company netting off non-recurring gains and losses of $39,475 million, together with the continued insistence on increasing production in reserves and a high rate of net oil and gas production growth
The company has continued to increase its oil and gas exploration development efforts and has firmly advanced the lifting of the lifting of the lifting efficiency of the fuel efficiency by a million barrels of oil equivalent, an increase of 6.9 per cent in the same year, mainly from the production contribution of new projects; the net overseas production of 56.9 million barrels of oil equivalent, an increase in the same amount.
16.9 per cent, mainly due to increased production in Guyana and Canada. 2024q1 obtained a total of 2 new discoveries and successfully evaluated 4 hydrocarbon-containing structures. Of these, China ' s maritime area successfully evaluated 8-3 south of the delta, opening up offshore ultra-deep hydrocarbon exploration
New areas. Overseas, Guyana's stagroek block was discovered new bluefin, further expanding the size of the area's south-east storage. Development of the side of production, and secondary redevelopment of the 36-1/B Great 5-2 oil field have been successfully invested
Production, other new projects are well under way, enabling companies to achieve the 2024 oil and gas production target of 700-72 million barrels of oil equivalent.
1. China Sea Oil (600938), with high levels of re-innovation in yield and long-term growth in mitigation efficiency
The international oil price of 2024q1 went up, with Brent crude oil futures at an average price of $81.76.2 and China Sea Oil (600938), which continued to increase production, with a market value management test of high catalytic value
At the same time, the cost of oil per barrel fell by between 2.2 and 27.59 per barrel per barrel on a year-on-year basis, leading to higher oil prices and a step-by-step reduction in the cost of oil per barrel.
Maintenance of high-intensity capital expenditure, with growth advantages highlighted: 2024q1 company capital expenditure amounted to RMB 29.1 billion, up from RMB 4.85 billion, or 1.4 per cent, in exploration capital expenditure; and development capital expenditure.
174 billion yuan, or +10.5 per cent of the year; expenditure on the capitalization of production of 6.4 billion yuan, which remains high in terms of capital expenditure and production, and the planned increase in oil and gas extraction over the next three years is higher than that of other major enterprises in the industry.
Taking into account the continuing upturn in crude oil prices as a result of a combination of geo-climatic conflicts and the high growth in net oil and gas production of companies, we are making an appropriate upward adjustment to the company's performance projections, predicting downside risks, the risk of large fluctuations in product prices, and the fact that the project is not building as much as expected.
Risk: Limited risk from environmental policy start-up: downstream demand less than expected Corporate profitability projections (millions of dollars)
Zhang Weibao: M.A. in Chemical Industries, South China University of Technology, 13 years of research experience in the chemical industry, 3 years of experience in research by sellers, 10 years of experience in research by buyers, good at judging industry and corporate trends through supply-demand relationships and changes in competition, and committed to recommending high-quality companies with long-term competitiveness.
Liu Han: I do not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for any of the specific suggestions or opinions in this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the projection of a stock or industry index vis-à-vis the main indicators of the relevant securities market illustrates that: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes: a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreed transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer)
The Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
It is reliable, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information. We have tried to report it objectively and fairly, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See. For all consequences arising from the basis or use of this report, Chinese securities and/or their associates