On August 29th, 2025, Central Heart International published its 2025th semi-annual report.
2.301 billion yuan, an increase of 39.8 per cent, the same day Mid-Cryston International issued an announcement that it was intended to acquire the small North-Small shareholdings of the controlling subsidiary Liu Kyung-shoa in the form of a share issue, and that the stock of the company would open the cut-off order.
At the end of the spectrum, the replacement cycle promotes demand expansion, and the company’s capacity utilization continues to be ahead. We believe that the steady expansion of the company’s performance in the first half of the year was driven by both supply/demand dimensions: demand on the demand side, the first half of the year by United States tariff policies, geopolitical conflicts and the continued recovery of emerging markets.
The smartphone market as a whole shows a steady and rising trend due to multiple factors; at the same time, the pc market has a new cycle of demand, driven by consumer electronics and smart appliance applications at the end of the day, and the overall demand in the crystal round industry continues to grow. On the supply side, the company is in the first half of the supply side.
With the addition of nearly 20,000 units of standard 12 inches of logical monthly capacity per year, the capacity utilization rate has kept the industry in the lead, and continues to be the second highest in a global pure crystal round. The cost ratio has declined overall, and the profit level has risen steadily.
Shares have decreased by 2.64 percentage points in comparison with the previous period by 300 depths in the last year; in absolute terms, there has been a tendency to split costs, with sales/management costs increasing by 31.27 per cent in comparison to 24.24 per cent in the previous year, while research and development costs have increased by 31.27 per cent in comparison with the same year.
Ryo has made a contribution, with company operating profits/net profit rates reaching 25 years and 1 year, respectively, and the acquisition program has accelerated and long-term growth of the center core. We believe that the advanced process is still a strategic point for full-blown semiconductor giant competition, while the maturity process is currently contributing to steady income.
We believe that the core competitiveness of Mid-Key International is reflected in its ability to guarantee a stable supply of existing products on a sustainable basis, and to move towards the succession and upgrading of high-end technology nodes. We believe that this acquisition will not only help to further upgrade the company as a whole.
The company is the world’s leading miller of the crystal round, and is expected to build a new growth cycle based on capacity expansion & product upgrading. We expect the company to earn 705.11 per cent of its operating income in 2025-2027.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, is committed to an independent, objective and professional approach.
In addition, any part of the author’s remuneration is not directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendation or opinion contained in the present report, and the company is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.