The company intends to acquire a small number of shares in the middle core north, increasing profitability, and increasing profitability in the middle core north.
When the deal is completed, the company will hold a stake of 10.00% of the centre core north, and the centre core north will become a fully-owned subsidiary of the public sector. The centre core north has been focused on integrated circuit technology for many years.
The development of 12-inch crystal circle generation engineering and technical services for global clients, applied to different process technology platforms, with multiple processes of logical circuits, low-power logical circuits, high-volatile drives, embedded non-volatile storage, mixed signals/radio frequency, image sensors, etc.
The station’s capacity to produce is such as smartphones, computers and tablets, consumer electronics, interconnectivity and wearability, industry and automobiles.
It was established in July 2013 and its 12 inches of mature production line became operational in mid-2016, with a depreciation peak. By the end of 2024, the net asset of the middle core North was $40,758 million, and it was realized in 2024.
Synergy in arts and technology, customer networks, supply chains, core technologies and production-capability layout, and this transaction has contributed to further improvements in the quality of corporate assets and business synergies
Local world demand has increased, with 50,000 12 inches of monthly production per year growing and tied up. In the second quarter of the year, the company's production in the US and Eurasia has increased, in part because of the market share in China, so it's as profitable as possible to sell it in China.
But many of their products are sold to the whole world, and companies want to be able to guarantee the productivity, quality and price competitiveness of their customers, enabling them to make a greater share of the world's markets.
The company is expected to grow further by the end of the year. The company is expected to maintain about 80% of every $7.5 billion to buy equipment, and the rest to buy land, house, and build.
Infrastructure, etc., total capital expenditure of 2025h1 amounted to $3.301 billion.Macroeconomic fluctuations; recovery of downstream demand less than expected; pace of expansion of production less than expected; old Maori pressure: increased market competition.
The company is one of the world's leading integrated circuit-crystal-crystal-crystal-crystal-crystal-crystal-crystal-crystal-crylic-crystal-crystal-crylic-crystal-crystal-crylic-crystal-crylic-crystal-crystal-crylic-crystal-crystal-crypter companies, leading the manufacturing industry on the mainland of China, with the leading process manufacturing capacity, output advantage, and service packages, providing 8 inch and 12 inch of the world's customers.
Technical services. In addition to integrated circuit crystal round workers, companies are also working to develop a platform-based eco-service model that provides a one-stop shop with ip support, photo masking, etc., and promotes up-and-down synergies in the integrated circuits industry chain, working with partners across the industry chain to provide comprehensive integrated circuit solutions for customers.
We've been able to get a comparative valuation analysis of the US stock supply, which is 2025q2 at p.01x. We're benefiting from a major smart player, aigpu, laptops, and pc's strong climber cycle, a 2025q2 crystal round output, and a further increase in sales, with 2025q2 revenue rings growing by 18.5 per cent to $30.24 billion, while it is expected that the ai chip will be added in the future.
As the world’s third-largest-largest-largest-ever, Chinese-continent-based industrial-worker, the gap between companies and industry’s second-star industry has narrowed, while at the same time continuing to break through the advanced-procedure layout: on the one hand, benefiting from a strong demand drive, such as downstream simulations, and local
In addition, the company, with its leading advanced process technology, has become the backbone of the country’s inner crystal circle industry as a whole. In the current market environment, where high-end chips are being supplied, the technology and capacity of the company is being enhanced.
Looking ahead, as demand for arithmetic rises in the area of artificial intelligence rises, market demand for high-end chips will continue to rise, adding the localforcal factor, the company’s strength in productivity in advanced processes and its leadership in process research and development will further consolidate its position in the industry, and the company’s competitive edge and valuation support are expected to increase further.
The data used in the present report are derived from information that we believe is now publicly available and, through independent judgements and conclusions, seeks independence, objectivity, fairness, and the conclusions of the report are not shared with other parts and persons of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, foundations, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.