\triangleright \triangleright
The (a) method of purchasing a minority share in the manufacture of an integrated circuit in the north (Beijing) of the company’s holding subsidiary.a The share increases a minority of 49% in the north of the core, and the specific scheme is yet to be determined.
A minority of 49% of the share in the middle-core north is purchased in the form of an ordinary (a) RMB. The trading parties are now being approached, and the first identified parties are the National Integrated Circuit Industry Investment Fund, Inc. (large fund), the Beijing Integrated Circuit Manufacturing and Equipment Equity Investment Centre, and the Beijing Institute for International Investment Development.
China-Kuan Village Development Group Ltd., Beijing Industrial Development Investment Management Ltd., etc.
In July, \triangleright was a 12-inch integrated circuit manufacturing plant that was jointly financed by China Point International and the Beijing municipality.
40 nanometres and 28 nanolysion process products; the second production line has a 28 nanomhkmg process and a higher level of technology, with a combined monthly capacity of 70,000 units.
\triangleright is based on the following considerations: 1) Recovering profitable assets and increasing the profits of listed companies.
1. Midheart International (688981.sh) Quarterly 2025, based on equity structure, Central Hedge International Holdings Ltd., Central Hatch Investment (Shanghai) Ltd., Mid-Change Review: Short-term Volatility No. Growth Trends, Energy Release Drive Camps
Cycling International Integrated Circuit Manufacturing (Beijing) Ltd. holds 51% of the total, which is actually from China Point International uplifting by 2025/05/09, or indirect control. Cyclops International completes the acquisition of 49% of the minority shares in the centre core north and holds shares in the centre core north.
Mid-Cryston International (688981.sh) Fourth quarter of 2023: Rapid performance rating: performance meets expectations, 24q1 ring to represent shareholder exit needs.
3. Mid-Crystal International (688981.sh) In-depth report: National Production has been in place for almost 11 years (2014.9 years) and is now in “extension demand” after 24 years. The expansion of semiconductor crystal round manufacturing projects addresses financial needs by introducing external financing for subsidiary projects.
It is more common for listed companies to complete the acquisition by issuing shares plus cash, and then close \triangleright more competitive, with a clear long-term growth logic and a “recommended” rating.
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.