A two-fold increase in capacity and capacity utilization continues to benefit from localization of the crystal circle Investment rating: an increase (maintenance) of 8 pcc over the same period, a net return of $300 million to the mother, an increase of 36 per cent over the same period.
• Double growth in capacity and capacity utilization to validate the trend of crystal circle localization as the industrial chain continues to grow stronger, more crystal circle workers need to return to their home countries, company prices compare to 300 deep.
In the first half of the year, sales of the crystal round (equivalent to 8 inches) increased to 4.68 million pieces, an increase of 20% over the same year. Driven by the localization of the crystal circle, companies continued to expand their production capacity, adding nearly 20,000 units per month to the standard 12 inches of logical production in the first half of the year.
q2 output utilization rate, 92.5%, continues to grow around the clock. Companies expect production capacity to remain in short supply, with a limited impact on capacity utilization in the light quarter of the four quarters.
The company intends to issue shares to the National Integrated Circuit Fund, the Integrated Circuit Investment Centre, the Bank of the Republic of China, China and China, and Beijing workers to purchase 49 per cent of the shares in the north (the company already has 51 per cent).
In 2024, about $13 billion was earned, making about $1.7 billion. There are synergies between the company and the north central core in terms of technology, customer networks, supply chains, core technology, and production layout.
The recovery of the industry has been slower than expected, and geopolitical conflicts have intensified.
2. Mid-Crystal International: The need for crystal circle localization drives the receipt of new highs and the rate of single-season Māori has improved significantly, with eight years of buyer investment experience, among others.
Li Mei-hyun, Master of Arts, Chinese People’s University, joined the Huaan Securities College in January 2024. He worked in the E-Computer and Telecommunications industry for four years. He was good at retracers overseas, focusing on the areas related to analog chips and soc, fpga, gpu, etc.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.