As a national semiconductor, with sustained technological innovation and self-existing semiconductor equipment, U.S. Shanghai's years of high growth have largely benefited from the semiconductor landscape.
Advanced, nationalized, highly representative and scarce semiconductor equipment technology differentiation, product platform differentiation, client globalization targets. ▪ Core technical team: rich semiconductor industry chain experience, and semiconductor equipment forward-looking country
In the '80s, the founder Wang Yu went to Osaka University, Japan, to focus on semiconductor equipment and process directions, from technology differentiation, product platforming, customer globalization, copper plating, cmp, ion injection, etc.
Industry chain and equipment, process experience, supporting continuous breakthroughs in the development of one-size-fits-all, non-responsible polishing and copper plating products in Shanghai, United States of America, and forward-looking development of a number of core equipment processes.
Leisure, Anthropology, etc., a semiconductor equipment and materials company of the old state, has been working in the semiconductor equipment industry around the world for 16 years. In 2020, the company earned 1,007 million yuan, a 33 per cent increase in the same year, a net profit of 197 million yuan, a 46 per cent increase in the same year, and a combined Māori rate of 43.8 per cent. According to the Satiti Consultant ' s World Semiconductor Congress 2021, the Chinese semiconductor 5 companies were rated China ' s semiconductor. According to China ' s international bidding network, the company ' s market share of cleaning equipment on part of the 12-inch national production line is more than 20 per cent.
Companies include dry, wet-tech, dry-tech, lpvcd, alloy fires, etc. Wet-tech equipment includes copper plating.
(ecp), cleaning, sfp, etc., through endogenous development to platform products and nationalize a number of key process equipment. See acr, the company's existing products are globally available. Market size is about $5 billion, of which cleaning equipment is about $3 billion, copper-plating equipment is about $500 million.
Ipcvd is about $1 billion, and sfp has better prospects. Technology differentiation: mastering global leading technologies such as saps, tebo, tahoe, non-responsible polishing, copper plating, lpcvd, and global patenting. Companies insist on differential competition and innovation.
Development strategies that effectively improve the productivity of clients, improve product productivity and reduce production costs through autonomously developed single-megagram sound cleaning technology, single-shelter combination cleaning technology, electroplating technology, non-responsible polishing technology and stubble pipe technology. Companies have successfully developed the world’s first saps, tebo megasonics, etc.
The washing technology and the tahoe single slot-type combination cleaning technology can be applied to the field of crystal circle cleaning at 45 nm and below, to effectively address the problem of corrosioned organic contamination and particle cleaning, and to significantly reduce the use of chemical reagents such as sulfuric acid.
▪ Internationalization of markets: Core clients include domestic storage plants, domestic first-line crystal round-workers, powerware clients, and so on. Successful research and development of Saps technology in Shanghai, United States in 2008, product entry to global storage taps in 2009 and product validation by Hercules in 2011, first obtained a formal Hercules order, and in 2013 acquired sea power.
In 2015, companies began acquiring orders from China’s leading customers, such as the Yangtze Storage, China Hari International, and the China Rainbow Group. The top five clients by 2020 were the China Rainbow Group, the Yangtze Storage, the Central Kingdom, the Sek Hercules, and Long Electric Technology.
• Fund-raising projects: innovative research and development based on differentiation and committed to becoming an international semiconductor-led enterprise. The company raised funds for the Shanghai Equipment Research and Development Centre in the United States, the Shanghai High-end Semiconductor Equipment Development Project in the United States, the rapid realization of sink-cleaning equipment, scalding stoves (replacers, oxidators, lpcvd, etc.)
Some of the investment funds are invested in more effective R & D efforts around cleaning, sfp, copper plating, stand-up furnaces, and ald in advanced SISCOC process applications, working to become an integrated international integrated circuit equipment group.
The company, as one of the vanguards of scarce indigenous semiconductor equipment, will fully benefit from the risk of up-to-date supply of spare parts over the course of the semiconductor cycle; the risk of under-research and development of new products; the risk of brain drain; and the risk of increased competition.
Technical team: The company with a wealth of domestic and foreign semiconductor industry experience was founded in 2005, while the Chinese company, China Moi, was founded in 2004, the scientific instrumentation of wisdom was founded in 2005, and the technology of Anthropology was founded in 2006. Shanghai is the country's oldest semiconductor equipment company.
The shareholders in the company are acres, the founder of which is Dr. Wang, who is the actual controller. The United States has 91.67% of the shares in the company, which exercises shareholder rights through the general meeting of shareholders, and has been engaged in research and development of semiconductor-specific equipment since its inception in 1998.
In addition to controlling shareholders, the remaining shareholders are Pu Donghua (1.18%), Shanghai IEC (1.18%), Hae-tung Xiaochu (0.59%) and Sang-Hing (0.53%) without the five holding subsidiaries and three participating companies in Shanghai. The company owns five holding companies in Hong Kong.
The management team, the technology team, mostly has a professional background at well-known universities in the country and abroad, and a professional experience in well-known semi-conductor enterprises based on love.
After graduation, you will study at the Nano Laboratory of the University of Cincinnati Electrical Department in the United States, and then at the Silicon Valley in the U.S., you will develop semiconductor equipment and process.
Industrial status: The country’s high-growth semiconductor equipment lead company, established in 2005 as part of the old national semiconductor equipment and materials industry, along with the Chinese emblem, wise, and Anthropology.
In 2020, the company earned $1.007 billion, an increase of 33 per cent, a net profit of $197 million, an increase of 46 per cent, a combined Māori rate of 43.8 per cent.
The company has always focused on the development, production and sale of semiconductor-specific equipment, mainly semiconductor cleaning equipment, semiconductor plating equipment and advanced encapsulation wet equipment, dry wetting equipment.
Cleaning equipment such as cleaning; front-line copper interconnection plating equipment for chip manufacture, advanced back-stream containment plating equipment; wet etching equipment for advanced containment, coating equipment, visual equipment, decoupling equipment, non-resilient polishing equipment and scalding tube series equipment, etc.
One of the top five companies manufacturing semiconductor equipment in mainland China, based on the data from Sadie's consultant at the 2021 World Semiconductor Congress, was selected as the top five Chinese semiconductor equipment companies, along with China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China
From an income point of view, the United States position in Shanghai is in the first class of semiconductor equipment in the country. In 2020, the United States business income in Shanghai was about $1 billion, after the level of income from the corrosion of the medium half-conductor, slightly higher than the sales of the Qing Tang semiconductor in the country of 970 million yuan (data taken from the Qing Tang semiconductor initiative statement), and the sale of semiconductor equipment in the country.
In terms of market penetration, the U.S. Shanghai dominates the national production of 12 inches of cleaning equipment. The level of national production of cleaning equipment is roughly the same as that of cmp, pvd, etching, heat treatment equipment, etc., and is significantly higher than the rate of national production of light-engineing equipment, cvd, coatings, osmosis, measurement, ion injection, etc.
According to China’s International Tender Network, data from the Yangtze River storage, Shanghai Hua Li, and China China’s Rainbow Tinless Project are the second largest suppliers of semiconductor cleaning equipment. The cumulative data from the past year show that China’s Shanghai Cleaning Equipment City is the second largest supplier of semiconductor cleaning equipment.
The figure is 23%, followed by 47% in the city of dns, which is significantly higher than the rate of 16% in the city of lamresearch and 9% in the city of tel. From 2020 data, the share of the city in Shanghai rose to 31%, narrowing the gap with the dns.
According to China ' s International Tender Network, the cumulative winning statistics for the years revealed that the rate of domestic production of semiconductor cleaning equipment was 25 per cent, of which the share of the United States Shanghai market was 23 per cent, and the share of Shenyang's source was 0.9 per cent, while the share of the North Chinese market was 0.6 per cent, so that the national production of cleaning equipment was largely due to the contribution of the United States.
Of all the 12 inches of cleaning equipment produced in the country, Shen was 94% in Shanghai, 4% in Shenyang, and 2% in North China. As a result, Shen was the absolute leader in the country’s cleaning equipment. (3) The leadership of Shanghai’s industry in the field of semiconductor cleaning equipment is strong.
The statistical results of the cumulative data show that the rate of domestic production of semiconductor cleaning equipment increased to 33 per cent in 2020, compared with 25 per cent of the national production of cleaning equipment in the cumulative data of the calendar year, and 31 per cent of the market share in Shanghai, United States, in 2020, compared with 23 per cent of the market share in Shanghai, United States, and an increase in the market share in Shanghai, United States.
According to China's international tender network data, the Yangtze River storage, Shanghai Wally, and the 12 inches of China's rainbow-free project are the sources of information.
The trend of annual increases in the cleaning of equipment statistics, with the rankings in Shanghai in 2018, 2019 and 2020 at 16 per cent, 20 per cent and 31 per cent, is mainly due to the need for national production to add to the growing abundance of Shanghai cleaning equipment product lines in the United States and to the growing number of national and international crystal-crystal plants that identify and purchase them.
In the 2020 income structure of companies such as cleaning, copper plating, non-responsible polishing, scalding stoves, 7.5 million yuan, or 0.8 per cent, and plating devices, or 53 million yuan, compared to the enterprises that currently provide semiconductor cleaning equipment in mainland China, including, among others, the United States Shanghai, the North China and the Microchip.
Shanghai is the leader of the industry in the field of semiconductor cleaning equipment, the main product being single-discreet cleaning equipment in the area of integrated circuits, including single-saps megasonic cleaning equipment, single-separated tebo-sonic cleaning equipment, single-separated back-washing equipment, single-swap washing equipment, slot cleaning equipment, and single-shelter combination cleaning equipment. Companies insist on differentiated competition and innovative development strategies, through autonomous research and development of cleaning technology,
Electric plating technology, non-resistance polishing technology and tile pipe technology to provide custom-made equipment and process solutions to global crystal round manufacturing, advanced encapsulation, and other customers. Corporate chip manufacturing cleaning equipment: saps/tebo megasound cleaning technology and tahoe single-hull combination cleaning technology will be the first in the world
Through years of technological research and development and process accumulation, companies have developed core technologies, such as saps/tebo megasound cleaning and tahoe single-shelter combination cleaning, that can be applied to crystal-crystal cleaning at 45 nm and below. Effectively address the problems of organic contamination after corrosion and the cleaning of particulates, significantly reduce the use of chemical reagents, such as sulphate, and effectively improve the productivity of customers, improve product efficiency and reduce product productivity.
saps and tebo cleaning equipment: first solves two major worldwide problems with the application of megasonic cleansing technology to single-separated cleaning equipment, i.e., crystal-trigger trajectories causing uneven distribution of surface-sonic energy, and cellular damage caused by the bursting of megasonic gas dens on the surface of a graphical crystal. The saps technology has been successfully applied to the manufacture of advanced storage dram, 3dnand, and logical circuit chips.
After the semiconductor silicon silica was polished, the equipment entered several 8 inches and 12 inches of semiconductor silicon film producers in mainland China and Taiwan, raising production rates. Tebo technology was initially validated at the logical chip factory, resulting in clean-up on the graphic chip, particularly with respect to the efficiency of the cleaning of small particles.
Tahoe single slot combination cleaning equipment: with global intellectual property protection, initially validated by large domestic clients, significant savings in the use of sulphuric acid compared to existing single-plate cleaning equipment will be addressed in the coming years as a global challenge that has plagued the global integrated circuit manufacturing industry for many years.
Figure 19. Characteristics and applications of semiconductor cleaning equipment in the U.S. Shanghai
Purges after corrosion, ions poured into ash, chemical fluids, which can be used for single wet cleaning and single sheets, mechanically grinding, polishing and excreted clean-up.
Wet etching processes. Washing, chemical wet etching processes.
The main technology developed for megasonic cleansing (saps) is designed primarily to level the pre- and post-separation cleaning of the film that can be used for chip-making, dry, the process of cleaning the surfaces and deep holes of the crystal circle, focusing on the purge of small pyrotechnics, ions poured into dusting, particle removal, effective post-ecort mechanical grinding, polishing and exterior processes at less than 45 nm.
The problem of organic contamination and granule cleaning, the efficiency of cleaning, is well mentioned by adding the time-sequencing stench control (tebo sound wave cleansing) developed by the company based on the configuration of the traditional single-simple cleaning equipment, which can be used for pre-sedimental cleansing, drying, for chip manufacture.
After corrosion, the ion is injected into industrial techniques like ash and scrubber techniques that provide efficient cleaning of the 3d structure crystal circle. Tebo technology can be used if the 3d chip is higher in depth than it is gradually increasing.
By stabilizing the bubble's concussions, reaching low or even zero damage. By means of a Bernoli suspended non-contact trap, effective protection is provided for the transcrystal surfaces, and chemical fluids on the transcrystal backs are used to wash the crystald backs and backs of crystals made of chips.
Purge or wet etching, which can be used in processes such as super-thin crystal surface wet etching.
A single cavity is used to wash the back of the crystal circle in a processable manner, and the process consists of a transcrystal back brush, a transcrystal edge brush, a medium front to a back wash that can be used for chip manufacture, a second-stream wash, etc.; the equipment is small in size and capacity.
In 2020, the U.S. Shanghai equipment introduced 18 cavity ultracvi monocrystal cleaning devices for advanced storage. The new product was based on the beautiful Shanghai-developed multi-cam technology and further expanded the cleaning equipment product line. The ultracvi system was equipped with 18 single-separated cleaning cavities.
In contrast to the U.S. Shanghai 12 cavity ultracv system, its cavity size and capacity have increased by 50%, while its width has increased only slightly in the length of the equipment. ultracvi can perform advanced dram products as low as 1y nodes and below and advanced 3dnand products in 128 layers and above.
. The equipment may be used in front and back lane processes, such as polymer removal, cleaning of mid- or back-stage tungsten or copper processes, pre-sediment cleansing, post-aggression and chemical machine polishing (cmp), deep ravine cleaning and rca standard cleaning, depending on the chemical method used and involved.
According to statistics such as gartner, the share of cleaning equipment in the wfe market is about 5 per cent; based on the size of the global wfe market in 2020, the market size of semiconductor cleaning equipment is extrapolated to about $3 billion; the market size of the wfe market is expected to grow by more than 30 per cent to $80 billion in 2021, and the market size of the global market for semiconductor cleaning equipment will reach over $4 billion in 2021.
Copper plating: A small number of companies around the world with core patents and industrialization of chip copper interconnection technology Development of electroplating equipment in both the chip manufacturing front and the advanced back-way encapsulation: chip manufacturing forward copper interconnection plating technology (ultraecpmap): autonomous development, targeting 20-14nm and more advanced technology nodes,
New current control methods using multi-oppolar local plating techniques allow for a quick millisecond-level switch between anodes, a cave-free filling on super thin seed crystals, and, through current adjustments to different anodes, a better saturated, semiconductor plating device with a thick sedimented copper film after filling without holes has been continuously ordered by the client.
Advanced encapsulation plating: Discrepam development to solve the challenge of achieving smooth plating under larger plating fluid flows, improved membrane equilibrium control of crystal-circle horizons or gap areas at the process formulation level through the creation of a second anode control technology, improved containment of seals, improved plating equipment for advanced plating in back lanes, market entry and repeated orders.
Figure 21. Characteristics and applications of semiconductor plating equipment in Shanghai, United States, for front-track copper plating technology ultraecpmap, for technical nodes of 55nn, 40nm, 28nm and 20-14nm, mainly used in dual-mass use for logical circuits and storage circuits
The crystal circle deposits a layer of denser, porous holes, crackless and other tannery copper plating processes; trapped, evenly distributed copper.
Diffusion development for advanced capping plating requirements applicable for advanced plating pillarbump, rdl, hd, high current high-speed plating applications and modular design
Fan-out and tsv, copper, nickel, tin, silver, gold protection and control, reduced equipment maintenance time and increased equipment to allow market space for ecp products to reach $1.5 billion in the next few years. As Moore's law moves forward, the rear lane is being changed.
The company’s ecp series includes map equipment for the damscenecoperintercontraction, throughsv (throughsiliconvia) equipment and paps that are advanced from $500 million in 2020 to $1.5 billion in the next few years.
Tile furnaces: first lpcvd post-oxidation furnaces, diffusion furnaces and ald equipment applications Stersters are one of the key process equipment in the integrated circuit manufacturing process, capable of batch processing crystal roundes, which can be divided according to process pressure and application for both the normal and the low-pressure furnaces, which are mainly engaged in heat diffusion, membrane oxidation, high-temperature decomposition; lower-pressure furnaces are mainly achieved
The same type of membrane sedimentation process on the crystald surface, mainly polycrystal silicon, nitrogenated silicon, and silicon oxide, is being developed by the company and consists mainly of the crystal-crystal transmission module, the process cavity module, the gas distribution module, the temperature control module, the tail gas treatment module and the software control module, which are designed and constructed for different applications and process needs, and which is concentrated in the first place.
The rpcvd equipment, which was re-developed to the oxidizers and spreading furnaces, was gradually introduced into the ald equipment application. In 2020, the ultrafurnace stationary equipment was released to the dry-law market in Shanghai and could be applied to oxides, silicone nitrogenide (sin) low-pressure chemical phase deposition (lpcvd) and alloy re-fired processes.
300mmultra dry process equipment product series with additional semiconductor manufacturing processes such as non-combined multi-crystal silicon deposits, mixed multi-crystal silicon deposits, fencing, polar oxide deposits, high-temperature oxidation and high-temperature decomposition fires.
(1) Oxides, silicone nitrogen (sin) low-pressure chemical deposition (lpcvd) and alloy firefighters may conduct batch treatment crystal round processes to achieve different types of non-gold
Sediment processes that are part of thin membranes on the crystald surface, mainly multi-crystal silicon, (2) non-combined multi-crystal silicon deposition, mixed multi-crystal silicon nitrogenification, silicon oxide, etc.
Silicon deposition, grid polar oxide deposition, high temperature, oxidation and high temperature decomposition.
At the beginning of the year, it was delivered to a major logical manufacturing customer, and a large-scale mass production test was conducted at the plant. At the same time, another mini-top, super-high vacuum-scale alloy-removement set-up device was delivered to a power device-making customer at the end of 2020, and the production-capacity certification was completed.
According to the Chinese company ' s 2020 performance statement, the global market for thin film equipment is over $10 billion, of which pvd $3.1 billion or 14 per cent of the cvd equipment.
Based on advanced techniques for cleaning equipment at the front end of integrated circuits, product applications are extended to the field of advanced containment applications.
Figure 24. Characteristics and applications of advanced containment wet equipment in the United States of America in Shanghai, using a single cavity for wet etching of the crystald surface, will allow for a 12-inch and 8-inch crystal round that can be used for advanced containment.
All liquids of the complete process, pure water and the gas used for drying silicon etching and ubm copper, titanium, nickel, tubeways are integrated into a cavity with small equipment, chemicals.
Tin, metal moist etching processes such as gold, with low consumption of pure water and high process elasticity.
In the cooling board, the subsequent baking and cooling process is completed; the first cavity is self-cleaning, replacing the traditional manual removal of the 12 inches and 8 inches of crystals that can be used for advanced encapsulation, and avoiding the frequent manual dismantling of the sophisticated coating table.
The damage to the platform has also significantly increased the efficiency of the cleaning, reduced the cost of maintenance and increased the useful life of the platform.
A single cavity is used to spray the crystal surface and a visualized crystal circle can be cleaned and dried after 12 inches and 8 inches of crystal circle, which can be used for advanced encapsulation.
The device integrates the chute decoupled with a single film, completes the soaking process in the chute, softens and removes most of the thick glue, which can then be used for advanced encapsulation 12 inches and 8 inches of crystal.
The removal of the glue, the removal of the contaminants and the removal of the particles are carried out through a single piece of decoupling process, which can compensate for the deficiencies in the production capacity of the single piece of equipment.
Use a single cavity, spray chemical fluids on the back of a crystal circle or go to a 12-inch and 8-inch crystal circle that can be used for advanced encapsulation.
The non-responsible polishing technique (ultrasfp) is based on electrochemistry and integrates stressless polishing, chemical machinery grinding, and wet etching works that can be used for advanced encapsulation of 3dtsv, 2.5d silicon intermediaries
Artefacts, in advanced containment applications, can significantly reduce the amount of polished fluids, rdl, hdfan-out, etc. Costs and reduced chemical emissions.
Technology differentiation: saps, tabos, tahoes, sfp, etc., leading international technology research and development teams are centred on Dr. Wang. The company has an international, specialized technology research and development team with Dr. Wang Jing as its core, with most of its core technical staff with overseas learning or professional experience, an internationalized vision and thinking that is conducive to learning and hands-on.
In addition, the company has formed a professional research and development team in Korea, relying on Korean technicians in the field of mechanical electronics, to complement its research and development teams in mainland China, maintain a strategy of differentiated technological innovation and competition, and ensure continuous roll-out of new products and improvement of existing ones, thereby consolidating and upgrading technological research and development capabilities. As of 31 December 2020, the company had technology research and development personnel.
Of these, 140 were granted domestic patents, 158 were granted offshore patents, and 293 were patented. The main subjects of major Chinese “02-specific” scientific research projects, such as “Research and development and application of copper plating equipment 20-14nm and 65-45nm copper interlocking non-responsible polishing equipment”, were awarded the title “Shanghai Market Advanced Wet Process Equipment Focus Laboratory”.
Single cleaning equipment: maximum single-stage configuration of 18 cavity saps megasonic cleansing technology, international advanced: mainly applied to flat crystal round surfaces and deep widths compared to the perforated structure. Use a fan megasonic generator to control the even distribution of megasonic energy on the crystalline surface, introducing hydrogen-gas.
The functional water process also has a certain technical advantage in deep-hole cleaning at a depth-wide scale, and can better eliminate residues and other random defects in the interconnection structure during chip production. Tebo megasound cleaning technology, leading the international lead: the graphic crystal circle applicable to 28nm and below includes advanced 3d graphic knots.
. Through a series of rapid changes in pressure (the frequency reaches a million times per second), the bubbles are kept in their size and shape at controlled temperatures and are contained in a stable shock state without implosion, thus keeping the crystalline microstructure intact and cleaning the crystal surface graphics. They can be applied to a more finer configuration.
3d structure products such as finfet, dram, and emerging 3dnand, as well as new nanoware and quantumware. tahoe single-share combination cleaning equipment, with international leadership: two major modules: an integrated slot module and a single-shape module, with cleaning effects and process applicability comparable to a single-swap cleaning facility, can also significantly reduce the use of sulphuric acid and help clients reduce production costs.
It can be used to remove photorestrictions, wash them after corrosion, wash ions after injection, mechanical throws, post-light cleaning, and dozens of key cleaning processes. Semiconductor copper-pumping equipment, leading the international lead: sfp without stress, using electrochemical response principles, in deciphering the surface of a crystal circle.
During the metal membrane process, the mechanical pressure of the polishing process is completely abandoned, and the damage to the wires of the metal is eliminated. The advantage of sfp non-responsible electrochemical polish on the graphics is not to cause mechanical damage to the crystalline surface and to ensure the quality of the copper interconnection.
Quick millisecond-level switching to complete empty cave fillings on super thin seed crystals, while achieving better thickness of sedimented copper film after filling in empty caves by fine-tuning the currents of different anodes. The original second anode field control technique is better controlled.
Figure 26: China’s ongoing research projects in Shanghai: Client internationalization: close cooperation with Hercules, Luxurious, China Rainbow, Smic, etc. Internationalization of client groups and diversification of downstream areas. Company marketing strategy, starting with global semiconductor leading business customers, acquisition
Its recognition of corporate technology and products, and its continued development of emerging regional markets in semiconductor industries such as mainland China, based on the performance and reputation gained by the international industry. More stable partnerships have been developed with semiconductor industry leaders, such as South Korea, the Sears, Yangjie, the China Rainbow Group, China Harbour International, and long-electric technology.
Number of semiconductor-specific equipment providers with a certain international competitiveness, accredited by a large number of mainstream domestic and international semiconductor manufacturers, have achieved a good market profile. The client area includes crystal round manufacture, advanced encapsulation, semiconductor silicon production and recycling, and research institutes. The sales of the top five clients of the company from 2018 to 2020 were 92.49%, 87.33%, 83.36%, and customer concentration was spread year by year.
By 2020, the top five clients were the China Rainbow Group, Yangtze Storage, China Hari International, Sk Hercules, and Long Electric Technology. Of this, the China Rainbow Group contributed 33.5% of income, the Yangtze Storage Contribution, 22.1% of income, the Smic Contribution, 12.7% of income, and the Hercules Contribution.
9.9%, with 5.2% of income from long-range electricity and technology, and 16.6% from other clients
In 2015, companies began obtaining orders from China’s leading customers, such as the Yangtze Storage, China’s Heart International, and the China Rainbow Group. According to sales announced by companies over the last three years, global customers include Hercules, Taiwan Crystal, Asmamerica, inc.
Competition patterns: the dominant international brand, the U.S. Shanghai cleaning/copper-plating, etc. Cleaning equipment: dns, tel, lam monopoly, 25% of the global semiconductor cleaning equipment market is highly concentrated, and the market size is growing year by year. As chip manufacturing is advanced,
In the area of single cleaning equipment, dns, tel, lam and Semes have combined market ownership of 90%, of which dns have the highest market share, with a market share of more than 40%. According to Gartner, the global semiconductor cleaning facility market in 2018.
With a field size of $3.417 billion, the downside of the global semiconductor industry was reduced in 2019 and 2020, to $30.49 billion and $2,539 million, respectively, and with the expected recovery of the global semiconductor industry in 2021, the global semiconductor cleaning equipment market is expected to grow year by year, and the global semiconductor cleaning facility industry is expected to reach $3,193 million in 2024.
Figure 30. Pre- and post-crystal manufacturing of semiconductor cleaning equipment The share of national production cleaning equipment in mainland China has reached more than 20%, with China’s Shanghai leading national producer. With China’s semiconductor construction boom, investment in China’s semiconductor industry has increased dramatically, China’s semiconductor-specialized equipment companies have made technological breakthroughs in mainland China, and they are cleaning up equipment collars.
Within the inch crystalline, the market share of the United States Shanghai, in order of winning numbers, is second only to the dns, the leader of the 12-inch nationalization of cleaning equipment, which accounts for more than 90 per cent of the national production of cleaning equipment.
Figure 32. Winning of cleaning equipment for the country's main 12-inch crystal circle plant  Global semiconductor cleaning equipment market (millions of United States dollars) Semiconductor plating equipment: monopolized by lamresearch, U.S.A.
As chip manufacturing processes become more advanced, interconnectivity within chips begins to shift from traditional aluminium materials to copper materials, and semiconductor copper plating equipment is widely used. Semiconductor plating is no longer limited to copper line deposition, but also metals such as tin, tin, silver alloy, nickel, gold, etc. The concentration of metal copper remains dominant.
Chart 33. Map of the front-line copper interconnection plating process for chip manufacture
According to data from the China International Tender Network, the country’s leading 12-inch crystalline line is, in order of winning numbers, in the order of lam and the United States Shanghai, where the dominant copper plating is compared with the core competitiveness of its peers.
Cleaning and copper-plating technologies have achieved national and international co-leading levels, and the world’s leading semiconductor cleaning equipment companies include the North’s domestic firms, such as Sakamoto, Harbour, and the United States’ Shanghai, as well as international giants, such as amat, lam, tel, dns. Through differentiated innovation and competition, companies have successfully developed the world’s first saps/tebo omens.
Soft wave cleaning technology and single-bed combination cleaning technology. At present, the company's semiconductor cleaning equipment is used mainly in the field of 12 inches of crystal circle cleaning, and there is no competition with similar products from the international giants for the size of the semiconductor cleaning equipment.
The most abundant product lines, according to data from the international bidding network, company announcements, etc., are from North China, followed by the United States Shanghai: North China: products include pvd, lpcvd, cleaning equipment, etching equipment, heat treatment equipment;
(c) China: clean-up equipment, lpcvd, copper-plating equipment, non-resilient polishing equipment, alloy fire-retrieval equipment, etc.; (c) Medium and low: corrosion equipment, lpcvd development, measuring equipment; (d) Tang: corrosion, decoupling, repulsion of fire;
(5) The core source: cleaning equipment, coating cameras. The combined Māori ratio maintains the industry average.
43.8 per cent of companies have an average level of profitability in the industry; investment projects: differentiated, autonomous innovation R & D, improved integrated competitiveness, corporate fund-raising for the United States Shanghai Equipment Research and Manufacturing Centre, the United States Shanghai High-end Semiconductor Equipment Research and Development Project and supplementary mobile capital.
Equipment R & D and manufacturing centres: Extension and establishment of wet- and dry-water-combined product lines The proposed funding of $700 million will be used to build new semiconductor integrated circuit facilities and manufacturing centres in the new area of Shanghai port. The project is based on the construction of two production plants, one auxiliary plant, two R & D buildings, and chemicals.
The project is being built for 36 months and is expected to be operational in 2023, and the company’s full capacity will be relocated to the new R & D manufacturing centre. A demonstration base for advanced and intelligent manufacturing should be built in response to the continued growth in the global scale of orders.
Integrated development and production of core electrical control and software modules for wet equipment, such as single-swap cleaning equipment, through the introduction of advanced process hardware modules and process technology for top-class teams abroad, and the rapid realization of integrated development and production of associated processes such as sink cleaning equipment, stand-up tube equipment (removers, oxidizers, lpcvd, ald), thereby expanding and building a full range of product lines for both wet and dry equipment to respond to the global paradigm
On the other hand, the transfer of research and development equipment and related technologies to the Centre for Research and Development and Manufacturing in Shanghai, China, and the construction of demonstration bases for advanced and intelligent manufacturing have continued.
Technical improvements and development of tebo megasonic cleaning equipment: Acoustic wave control model for 14 nm and the following technical nodes for different crystal round sizes and structures; Tebo cleaning process for very diluted fluids to control less material loss.
Drying techniques, such as high temperature ipa drying, special solvent drying, etc., in conjunction with the tebo cleaning process. Tahoe single-hull combination cleaning equipment technology improvement and development: for the next 14 nm and the following technical nodes better adapted to small particle control slot structure and cleaning sequence optimization
R & D for photo-removement of high energy, high-dose ion injection process Technical improvements and development of back cleaning equipment: development of cleaning technology for 14 nm and below
Control of the air field in the stable and balanced cavity, control of the back etching process of the gelatinous reflux, control of both the edges of the crystal circle and the corrosion of the side wall.
Optimizing gas liquid second-fluorescent nozzle structures and cleaning techniques Introduction of functional water cleaning processes in the washing board process and technical improvements and development of pre-copper interconnection plating equipment
How to avoid corrosion of the seed layer by plating fluids while at the same time ensuring that sedimentation is not evenly distributed throughout the crystallized cylindrical intake process.
▪ Technological improvements and research and development of non-resilient polishing equipment: emphasis will be placed on the development of non-responsible polishing technology in the 2-Damascus process at 7nm, 5nm and the following technical nodes on the logical circuit:
A combination of etching processes that satisfy the choice of copper, thallium, and lower media layers would be a major technical difficulty. Technical nodes below 25 nm address the vertical side of the line when using wet etching techniques to remove the new shoal blockers.
The wall has been etched Technical improvements and research and development of the stationary tube equipment have focused mainly on low-pressure chemical deposition equipment, which is then shown to the oxidizing and spreading furnaces, and eventually to the ald application. The following technical difficulties are addressed for 28 nm and the following technical nodes:
(c) The development of high temperature oxidizers to address the reliability of 1,200 °c high temperature oxidizers and to improve the homogeneity of silicon temperature.
Development of ald equipment, development of new pre-discharged chemical materials, and improvement of the membrane efficiency and quality of the membrane at ald. We counted the Chinese International Tender Network data, reference to the storage of the main domestic production line Yang, Shanghai Hua Li (Wailong Six Plant), China ' s Rainbow Tinless Project, 12 inches of cleaning equipment, with the Shanghai market in the United States accounting for 16% in 2018, 2019, 2020.
At the same time, the Yangtze Reserve and the China Rainbow Group, two of the top two customers in Shanghai, have been active in the bidding phase, the number of hand tenders is still significant, and higher rates of market access have also demonstrated the superiority of the United States' more Shanghai-based products and high levels of customer stickyness and recognition, which have a good impact on the United States’ ability to enter other production lines in Shanghai.
Among the other production lines currently being built in the country, the United States of America has cooperated fully with Shanghai, Shanghai, and others. With strong incentives such as the stickyness and recognition of domestic main abortion routes, product differentiation and specialization, and the support of macro-politics, domestic production lines such as the Yangtze Reserve are actively promoting the process of building and nationalizing equipment for expansion of production capacity, we believe.
In view of the recent performance statement meeting, where new products will be presented, we believe that the company’s sales, management, R & D rates will remain stable or improve.
Quite well, so the Māori rate of major equipment may be maintained at a higher level. The company is valued on the basis of a comparable firm’s pricing, taking into account the ps valuation method, and we “buy in” it for the first time in Shanghai, the United States, an international semiconductor cleaning equipment star, has an absolute advantage among domestic semiconductor cleaning equipment manufacturers, and corporate research.
Development, technology, and products have been recognized by leading international and domestic crystal-crystal manufacturers. Given the periodicity of the certification and dissemination of process equipment, the pace of production expansion planning and equipment acquisition, the company’s overall size, compared to the international semiconductor cleaning equipment giants, dns, etc., is in the early stages of rapid growth, and the scale and growth of sales represents a growth rate.
The company’s recognized market branding status is being established as a comparable indicator between semiconductor equipment and even simulation chip, fpga taps, so local semiconductor manufacturers can usually use ps valuations. Taken together, ps valuations are comparable to those of China and Micro, North China, Cynchronous, China Peak, Hasegawa Technology, Schree.
The average value of ps (2021e) in seven comparable companies is 29 times, and if consideration is being given to graduation, considering the business structure, market position and rhythm of national production in Shanghai, we believe that the reasonable ps valuation area in Shanghai is about 40 times 2021e, compared to the price of 85 bucks/share corresponding to the ps valuation, with a larger margin for improvement.
With the global semiconductor industry booming, semiconductor industry technologies are changing rapidly, and the control of crystalline surface pollutants by cleaning equipment is increasingly sought in order to avoid impurities affecting chip wellness and product performance. In addition, customers’ demands for cleaning equipment to clean off surface pollutants have evolved.
Development strategies that do not sustain sufficient R & D inputs, or the continued narrowing of chip process nodes, or the emergence of new chip manufacturing techniques, may lead to a decline in the sophistication of core technologies and related products such as company saps, tebo, tahoes, and could adversely affect the company ' s performance.
The global market for semiconductor-specific equipment is highly competitive, dominated by international giants, whose products compete directly with international giants. International giants have greater financial power, technological reserves, marketing teams, manufacturing power, distribution channels, market visibility, a wider range of customers and partnerships, and a longer business history and a richer one.
Some international giants can also offer binding discounts to customers who buy a variety of products simultaneously. As China’s semiconductor end-use market continues to grow in recent years, China’s semiconductor manufacturing, containment, materials, equipment, etc.
With the third transfer of the global semiconductor industry, the mainland Chinese market is expected to become the main battleground for global semiconductor equipment companies, companies will face a double competition between international giants and new entrants to China in the future. There is a gap in the application of technology nodes, market occupancy rates, and so on, in comparison with international giants, if firms are unable to respond effectively to competitors like this.
The risks associated with reliance on suppliers of certain key parts are currently dependent on the company's current suppliers for some of the key parts used in the company's equipment, such as: productionsystems, inc.
The only suppliers of key parts and components in a single-discrete cleaning equipment are the microscopic generator; neinebell is the main supplier of robotic arms in a single-discreet cleaning equipment; advancedelectricco., inc. is the key supplier of valves in a single-discrete cleaning equipment. If there is a negative change in the company’s partnership with such suppliers, or if there is a difficulty in the supplier’s own operations, it will be the company.
As a technology-intensive industry, skilled talent is a key determinant of the competitiveness of semiconductor-specific equipment industries. With China’s mainland half-way, it is likely that it will have a negative impact on the company’s performance.
If, for remuneration or other reasons, companies lose a significant amount of critical technical talent, or they are unable to incentivize existing technical talent or attract outstanding technical talent, companies may be unable to continue to develop and sell new products because of the understaffing of their technical teams, or to provide quality services to their clients, public, etc.
The Division may also face higher recruitment and training costs, which will have a negative impact on corporate technological R & D capacity and business performance.