The Center for Research on Innovation Technology and Business Services (CITE) The purchase (first rating) of the semiconductor cleaning equipment in Shanghai (688082.sh)
The company is a global layout for deep-deep semiconductor wetting equipment, which accounts for 84% of the collection, and continues to be directed to semiconductor plating equipment and advanced encapsulation wetting equipment, and stands.
58%-62% of the total Māori ratio is 45% compared to international giants like shoulderasml, amat, etc. The company ' s ipo runs 43.36 million shares and actually raises RMB 3.7 billion for equipment development and manufacturing centres, high-end semiconductor equipment development projects, code cleaning, electroplating, advanced containment and stove tubes, etc.
Cleaning equipment industry: increased technical difficulties, rapid growth in the number of cleaning steps, expansion of market space year by year, heavy rains. 1) Cleaning equipment accounts for about 5% of crystal-crystal processing equipment, and the global market for cleaning equipment is expected to be large
About US$ 3 billion. 2) The number of cleaning steps is about 30% of all chip manufacturing steps, and there will be a corresponding increase in the demand for cleaning equipment as the technology nodes continue to progress.
More than 100 steps of the 60nm process have increased to more than 200 steps of 20-5nm. 3) In a competitive pattern, the global sales of cleaning equipment account for 50 per cent of Japanese Diens, 27 per cent of Japanese electronics in Tokyo, 12 per cent of US research and only 3 per cent of US market share in Shanghai.
The company develops different technologies and successfully solves the two main problems of the uneven and easily damaged megasonic cleansing. The new product singles/channels together will continue to lead to technological advances, and the whole product will be cleaned up in the equipment market.
According to the international bidding network, companies have a rising trend of winning numbers for cleaning equipment in the Yangtze, Hua Li, and Juao Tinless Lines. The company expands on cleaning equipment in the direction of plating, advanced encapsulation, etc., and targets the size of the market.
In terms of product expansion, companies are judged to be plating/advanced encapsulation/tile tube equipment, most of the national manufacturers of semiconductor equipment only deliver to China's continental crystal circle plant, the company obtains international storage devices, Korea Hercules repeats orders, and the alternative technology routes developed autonomously are widely recognized and given to the company.
▪ Subsistence of the firm’s downstream client certification to the expected risks; increased risk associated with market competition; and the risk of dependence on some key zero suppliers.
The semiconductor plating equipment and advanced encapsulating wet equipment are the company’s core products, accounting for the company’s main business revenues for the period 2018-2020.
The cleaning equipment has become well known as Hercules, Yangjik storage, Middle Core International, among others, and has grown rapidly with the reduction of the width of the line, the number of cleaning steps and the expansion of the market space year by year.
The market for semiconductor equipment is close to US$71.2 billion, of which approximately 80% is for crystal-crystal processing equipment, about 5% for cleaning equipment, and around US$3 billion for cleaning equipment. In hundreds of microchip-manufacturing processes, all have been set up after repeated processes like light etching, etching, sedimentation, etc.
The washing process, where the number of cleaning steps is about 30 per cent or more of all chip manufacturing steps, is the largest of all chip manufacturing process steps, and as the technology nodes continue to progress, the number and importance of cleaning processes will continue to increase with the achievement of the same chip manufacturing capacity.
There will be a corresponding increase in the demand for cleaning equipment. In 80-60 nm, the cleaning process is about 100 steps, and in 20-5 nm it is about 200 steps.
From the practical questions the client has encountered in the process, she has developed saps, tebos, and so on. Compared to traditional saps, her first saps technology has cyclically changed the gap between the saps generator and the crystal circle.
Melting, with precise control over the distribution of the megasonic energy on the crystald surface, effectively solves the problem of an uneven distribution of the megasonic energy over the crystal surface. The technology of tibo cleaning allows for the production of megasonic cleanings that do not explode, and achieves important breakthroughs in the homogenous and non-destructive silicon silicon silicon silicon sonic cleansing.
In the area of washing equipment, the company’s most recent semi-critical equipment, flagship products saps, tebo and tahoes can cover more than 80% of the cleaning equipment market, with higher investment in pre- and post-reform improvements and higher R&D costs from year to year.
And the company’s R & D expenditure is fully costed. Nearly half of its R & D investment is capitalized with the industry’s M & D companies, and Uttar Pradesh, with firm profits. Figure 4: Comparison of R & D investment by domestic and foreign equipment companies
The Chinese International Tender Network (ICN) recorded the storage of domestic representation with publicly available winning information and the selection of 12 inches of cleaning equipment for the Yangjiang storage, the Hua Li Wei electron, and the China Rainbow Tinless Project.
In 2020, the city of Dienss, Japan, accounted for 45 per cent of the cleaning equipment, with a significant increase from 31 per cent to 10 per cent and 7 per cent, respectively, of the electronics and research in Tokyo. The city was bided for 164 cleaning equipment at 2018-storage, 21 per cent of which was below 35 per cent in Diens.
(These are sales, and we expect sales to be even lower than the average)3 in the direction of cleaning equipment, plating, advanced containment, etc., opening up collection space, product extension, judging companies' plating/advanced encapsulation/blocking equipment against global market space.
This is $518-23/17-20 billion, respectively. It is expected to open up as the client certification of the new products of the company moves forward and as the internal product development of the Department moves forward, the collection space of the company is opened.
Seven products, including tebo, front-track washing equipment, entered internationally known surrogates, storage, etc.: (approximately 90% wet cleaning)
(covering 80% of 90% of thermo-cleaning) (e.g. Shanghai microelectronics, middle-core international, Hercules)
There's a total of two products in the front and back lanes.
It includes warm etching, decoupling, coating, visualization, and successful entry into the country's most advanced encapsulating customers.
(e.g. long electrical technology, microelectricity, medium core, long power, nepes) (covering all single-separated temperature devices)
Ipcvd product available, ald is in the layout for easy access to the client for verification.
The global scale of $1.7-20 billion (developed jointly by China and the United Republic of Korea, the national production of second and semiconductor equipment is imperative, and the importance of cleaning equipment is growing.
The market for semiconductor equipment in China has grown rapidly, with cleaning equipment accounting for 5%, and the global market in 2020. Over the past five years, the sales of semiconductor equipment in the country have increased at a combined rate of 31% (cagr), about twice the global rate of 14%.
As the global semiconductor chain continues to shift to mainland China, China’s semiconductor equipment continues to grow rapidly. Although our semiconductor equipment market is growing at a high rate, our self-sufficiency rate in semiconductor equipment is far from that.
Figure 8: Rapid global growth in the market for semiconductor equipment in mainland China Figure 9: Exports from manufacturers of semiconductor equipment in North America (monthly data)
Semiconductor manufacturing equipment consists mainly of crystal-crystal process manufacturing equipment, test equipment, encapsulation and assembly equipment.
The silicon silica must be clean on the surface before entering each process, requiring multiple and repeated cleaning steps to remove pollutants such as particles, organic matter, metal impurities and natural oxidation from the surface.
Cleaning equipment is an important part of the semiconductive system, with global cleaning equipment reaching $3 billion in 2020. Distinguished from different types of equipment, cleaning equipment represents about 5% of the market model for crystal-crystal process equipment, which is used for cleaning raw materials and possible impurities on semi-finished products, made in single crystal silicon tablets, etc.
Critical processes such as light etching, etching, sedimentation, etc. are essential, as well as in the encapsulation process. The market for cleaning equipment will be further developed with the progress and technological development of the semiconductor process. The process will be extended as the semiconductor technology nodes enter more advanced levels such as 28 nm, 14 nm, etc.
One of the reasons for this is that advanced processes are more sensitive to impurities and more difficult to clean up small-scale contaminants efficiently. The solution is mainly to increase the cleaning process. Each chip needs more than 200 clears throughout the manufacturing process.
The cleaning process has become more complex, important and challenging. Figure 12: The global market for cleaning equipment is about $3 billion.2 The importance of the cleaning chain has increased, with single-discrete cleaning equipment becoming the mainstream
Advances in chip manufacturing drive the rapid development of semiconductor cleaning technology. The chip technology nodes are rising up, and the control of pollutants on crystalline surfaces is increasingly demanding, often with light etching, etching, sedimentation etc. Reciprocal processes require a step-by-step clean-up of the process before and after the process, and the number of cleaning steps is around all chip manufacturing processes.
Step 30 or more. During the manufacture of semiconductor silicon silicon tablets, the polished silicon tablets need to be cleaned to confirm their surface level and performance; in crystal circle manufacturing processes, the key is washed before and after the process, removing chemical impurities contaminated with the crystal circle and reducing the rate of defects; and in the encapsulation.
Phases require tsv washing, ubm/rdl cleaning, etc., based on the encapsulation process. As technological nodes continue to progress, the number and importance of cleaning processes will continue to increase, and the demand for cleaning equipment will increase as the same chip is produced.
One way to increase the good rate of crystal circle manufacturing is to increase the clean-up process, which is about 100 steps in the 80-60nm process, and 20-10 nm, which rises to more than 200 steps.
Wet cleaning accounts for 90% of the total, and single-swap cleaning, which replaces bulk cleaning, is the dominant part of the advanced process. The cleansing process can be divided broadly into two types: dry and wet, and the current silicon-silent cleaning is the mainstream programme, which accounts for more than 90% of the total.
The batch cleaning is no longer suitable for the 45 nm process because of problems of cross-contamination, homogeneity control, and subsequent process compatibility, and the single is beginning to replace the slot washing machine gradually. The single cleaning improves the homogeneity between individual crystals and different crystals, and improves the good rate; the larger size.
Crystal circle and more compact process designs are more sensitive to impurities, and if cross-contamination occurs in batch cleaning, the impact will be greater, thereby endangering the goodness of the whole crystal circle; and if a single edge is more effective, the advantages of a multiplicity of small batches, such as their suitability, are also one of the advantages of a single batch cleaning.
In the first half of the year 2021, Deans reported 70 per cent of the revenue from single-distribution cleaning equipment and 25 per cent from slot cleaning equipment.3 Industry competition patterns: Deans is at the top of the list, and four manufacturers in the country are starting to break out.
The global semiconductor cleaning equipment is supplied mainly by foreign firms such as Japan and the United States, which together account for more than 80%. Among them, the Japanese manufacturer Diens is an absolute leader, accounting for more than 50% of the market.
At present, there are fewer companies in mainland China that can provide semiconductor cleaning equipment, mainly in Semami Shanghai, China.
In the North, it's made up of a semiconductor cleaning facility. The main product is a single cleaning facility in the field of integrated circuits, including one-size-fits-all, one-simple back-cleaning equipment, one-simple washing equipment, slot cleaning equipment and a single-simple simple combination.
(a) Cleaning equipment, etc., which has a rich product line; a variety of types of single cleaning and sink cleaning equipment, which has been widely applied in the areas of integrated circuits, semiconductor lighting, advanced encapsulation;
Technology; core-source micro-products are currently used in the single-discrete area of cleaning in the area of integrated circuit manufacturing. Dines, the world’s leader in cleaning equipment, recently collected around 19.1 billion yuan yuan in a fiscal year, making a net profit of 900 million yuan, with half-conductor equipment accounting for 75% of the total.
In comparison with the profitability of the two companies, Dinse products include not only cleaning equipment, but also visual equipment, decoupling equipment, gel machines, measuring equipment, and so forth.
The Māori ratio is significantly lower than that of Sumi. Shenmmy's net profit in 2020 was 19.5% higher than the Dinx net profit.
The main products currently include semiconductor washing equipment, electroplating equipment, and advanced encapsulation wet equipment. The company’s controlling shareholder, the United States acm research, was established in 1998 and the United States acreage investment in Shanghai in 2005.
The company’s predecessor is limited, and access to the semiconductor-specific equipment-related technology it developed earlier is limited. The company, insisting on differentiated competition and autonomous innovation, has now developed into a small number of semiconductor-specific equipment providers with some international competitiveness on mainland China, whose products are available.
The company’s main products include semiconductor cleaning equipment, semiconductor plating equipment, advanced encapsulation of wet equipment, and four main categories of stand-alone tube equipment that cover the pre-crystal manufacture and manufacturing of integrated circuits.
In the case of cleaning equipment, the cleaning equipment developed by the company covers 80% of the cleaning chain, such as single cleaning, slot cleaning, and single slot cleaning; in the case of electroplating equipment, the company ' s forward copper plating interconnectivity, and the back lane advanced sealing of two pieces of equipment can be used before and after integrated circuits.
In the context of the process of metalization, advanced encapsulation of wet equipment and tiles equipment, the equipment developed by the company for wet etching, coating equipment, filming equipment decoupling equipment, non-resistance polishing equipment and tiles can be used in the various stages of the advanced containment process for coating, visualization, decoupling, etching, etc.
The unit price of the company’s main product is at the industry average. The unit price of the company’s cleaning equipment is about 20 million yuan. For the target industry, the unit price of the slot 8 and 12 inches of cleaning equipment is between $150 and 250 dollars per table (approximately 96.6-16 million yuan); for the unit cleaning equipment, eight cavities.
The price of a single piece of cleaning equipment for a 12-inch ordinary process is approximately $3.5 million (approximately RMB 22.4 million) and, if there are special processes, more one piece of cleaning equipment similar to the cavity, the price of which is 2 and the product is approved by mainstream semiconductor manufacturers at home and abroad, with a customer certification advantage
The company’s products, which are recognized by mainstream semiconductor manufacturers in the country and abroad, now have a certain customer certification and household sticky advantage. Some of the company’s products have now entered a number of production lines by authenticating and becoming suppliers to recognized semiconductor enterprises such as Hercules, Yangjie, China Rainbow Group, China Harbour International, etc.
By validating the products of the above-mentioned integrated circuit manufacturing enterprise, the company has a deeper understanding of the core needs of its customers and of the trends in technological development, which has helped to bring the choices made by the R&D community closer to the needs of its customers.
Typically, integrated circuit manufacturing firms require equipment suppliers to provide equipment products for testing, pending internal certification (part of which requires certification by their guest households) before formally entering into a procurement contract.
The company’s top five clients are well-known domestic and foreign semiconductors, 2019-2021h1, with the company’s top five final customers selling 87%, 83% and 79% of the total sales for the current period, respectively.
The company has adopted a development strategy of cutting front-line customers, with a higher concentration of the top five clients. But the top five clients' share of revenue has declined year after year, and we judge that the company's client structure does not provide a company's belt,3 cleaning equipment: the product covers about 80% of the cleaning equipment market.
The cleaning equipment produced by the company consists of one-size-fits-all cleaning equipment (including saps, tebo), one-size-plating equipment (tahoes), one-piece back-cleaning equipment, front-way washing equipment and five types of fully automated sink cleaning equipment.
▪ Single cleaning equipment: 1) saps megasonic cleaning equipment, mainly for flat crystal round surfaces and deep width perforated structures; 2) tebo megasonic cleaning equipment, mainly for graphic crystals, including advanced 3d graphics. Companies develop autonomously and have global intellectual property rights.
Protected saps and tebo megasonic cleaning technology solves the global problem of how megasonic energy is evenly distributed on crystal circle, and how graphics are not damaged. The saps technology is now applied to logic 28nm technology nodes.
and dram19nm technical nodes, with more than 70 paces of application in dram, and nearly 20 paces of use in logical circuit finfet structural cleansing; tebo technology, which focuses on the non-destructive cleaning of the crystal circle of 45nm and below, is now applied to the logic chip 28nm technical node, in dram
There are more than 70-step applications, and there are more than 10-step applications in the logical circuit finfet structural cleansing.  single-hull combination cleaning equipment: the company's single-hull combination cleaning equipment is tahoe, which integrates the advantages of single-hull cleaning and slot cleaning. A single-hull cleaning cavity can be configured flexibly according to the needs of the client.
For example, with standard cleaning fluids, hydrofluoric ozone water, and a variety of other process fluids. Tahoe cleaning is ready to be used for photo-removement, post-coupling, ion-injecting, machine-out, washing, etc. In dozens of key cleaning processes. Single-hull combination devices have now completed logic chip logic.
40 nm and 28 nm technical node line validation, which can be used for washing high-temperature sulphuric acid and high-temperature phosphoric acid at 20 paces and above. 4, plating equipment and advanced containment equipment entered the market and obtained duplicate orders
According to gartner, the global market for plating equipment is around $500 million. Semiconductor plating refers to the plating of metal ion from plating fluids to crystallized surfaces in the manufacture of chips, metal interconnections, and plating equipment is essential for the process.
The plating equipment that has global intellectual property protection includes the front copper interconnection equipment, the back lane advanced seal, and the plating equipment, both of which have been validated by downstream customers, and the plating equipment used for the advanced back lane covers has entered the market and has been duplicated.
Figure 25: The semiconductor plating market is about $500 million in size, and in terms of the pattern of competition, in the field of plating equipment made from the forward crystal circle, the global market is now dominated by Lam. In addition to Lam, the United States is a handful of countries around the world that have access to chip copper interconnections.
One of the companies patented in the core of copper plating technology is the autonomous development of copper plating (ultraecpmap) in front of a chip for 20-14nm and more advanced technology nodes. At present, the popular semiconductor plating equipment has been continuously ordered by customers.
In the area of equipment, major global equipment dealers such as appliedmerials and lam in the United States, ebara in Japan and asmpacific in Singapore; and in domestic enterprises, the differential development of advanced encapsulation processes in the United States has improved the quality of the encapsulation chain.
The company ' s ecp series includes map equipment for the Damascus copper interconnection, throughsv (throughsiliconvia) equipment and $1.5 billion worth of dollars to double over the next few years.
Advanced sealing refers to the more advanced forms and techniques of encapsulation at that time, with semiconductor encapsulation equipment consisting mainly of wet etching equipment, brushing equipment, coating equipment, visual equipment, decoupling equipment, thinning equipment, cutting product competitiveness, in the field of advanced encapsulation of wet equipment, where the main ones in China are the same industry companies.
The company’s advanced encapsulation of wet equipment-related products is at the same level as China’s counterparts as a whole. The company’s products are currently in the advanced encapsulation industry.
The area has covered all of the monochrome equipment, and the products have been placed in sealed enterprise production lines and scientific institutions, including long-electric technology, micro-rich electricity, medium-core long power, nepes, HPR and the Chinese Academy of Sciences5 and the company ' s net profit cagr in 2017-2020 was 58 per cent 62 per cent full of hand orders, respectively.
The net profit of the parent increases from 0.1 to 200 million yuan, with a composite growth rate of 62%. The rapid growth in corporate operating income is due to the growth in semiconductor cleaning equipment, semiconductor plating equipment, and advanced encapsulating wetting.
As a result, the demand for semiconductor manufacturing enterprises increased, capital spending increased, and the demand for semiconductor-specific facilities increased. Cleaning equipment accounted for about 80% of corporate income, with a Māori ratio of about 45% and an advanced semiconductor.
The share of encapsulation equipment in revenue collection has been increasing, at around 10 per cent in 2021h1. As the size of corporate income has increased, it has been rising year by year. Semiconductor-specific equipment is more customized, downstream customers have higher requirements for specifications, product standards, technical parameters, etc., and industry has higher barriers.
The Māori rate is similar to the average water for companies that are listed in the same industry. The Māori rate for companies is at the same level as that for amat, asml, and Lam, compared to international semiconductor equipment leading manufacturers.
The company has a higher Māori rate than the company’s differentiated technology route, and the technology is patented. Based on this, we judge that the company’s high Māori rate is more sustainable.
Figure 31: Cleaning equipment as a proportion of corporate income has remained at around 80%
Figure 35: Changes in fixed assets of company ' s main downstream customers (millions of yuan) Figure 36: Different settlement policies granted by companies to different customers: $3.7 billion plus semiconductor equipment development and manufacture by ipo
The company's ipo is going to raise 1.8 billion yuan, actually $3.69 billion, and it's going to raise a huge excess. The company's ipo is going to spend 1.8 billion dollars, after deducting the cost of distribution, to invest in each of the centres for the development and manufacture of half-conductor equipment, high-end semi-conductor equipment development projects for the United States semiconductor, and to replenish liquidity.
On 18th, a marketing deal began, and the Shen Mei semiconductor equipment development and manufacturing centre project: the Shen Mei semiconductor equipment development and manufacturing centre project is to build two production units, one auxiliary plant and two research and development buildings in the new area of Hong Kong, Shanghai.
Work has started on the day. The project is centred on the globalization development strategy of the American semiconductor. On the one hand, it is based on core electro-control and software technology for wet technology such as advanced megasonic single-simple cleaning equipment, which is controlled by the company, and is fast-tracked by the introduction of advanced technological hardware modules and technology for first-class teams abroad.
Integrating the development and production of associated process equipment such as slot cleaning equipment, stand-up tube equipment (e.g., furnaces, oxidizers, lpcvd, ald), thereby expanding and establishing a full range of product lines with wet and dry equipment in order to respond to the continued growth in the size of orders on a global scale; on the other hand,
The upgrading of the level of new plant intelligence will effectively upgrade many of the company’s productive capacities, such as inventory management, production control, etc., thereby reducing the company’s production costs and thus increasing its profitability.
Preparation of technical improvements and research and development, technical improvements and development of tahoe single-bed combination cleaning equipment, technological improvements and development of back-of-side washing equipment, technical improvements and development of single-screak washing equipment, technological improvements and development of front-tracking equipment, technological improvements and development of plating equipment, technological improvements and development of non-resistible polishing equipment and stand-up furnaces
Preparation of technology improvements for seven R & D directions, investment in R & D materials related mainly to R & D projects, payment of testing, testing costs and salaries of personnel, etc.
The demand for cleaning equipment has increased, and the volume of company-specific cleaning equipment will continue to grow in the future, with slot-type equipment and single-bed-type combinations gradually being released. Companies are actively working with domestic crystal mills to complete expansion and increase national production rates, while taking advantage of technological and cost advantages to further infiltrate overseas customers, such as Hercules.
An increase in the price of the medium cavity is expected to benefit from the cleaning equipment, and a small increase in the Māori ratio. The plating device, considering the time between delivery and confirmation of income, is expected to be used for approximately six months.
Copper interconnected map equipment, front-end tsv equipment, ap advanced encapsulation equipment, products of a relatively small size of 6-8 inches for copper plating, chromosome semiconductor, covering the front and back lanes, forward equipment, higher prices, and we expect rapid increases in equipment prices in the coming years as the forward equipment is released.
Māori rates for front-line plating equipment are also higher than for back-track equipment, so Māori rates for future plating equipment are expected to continue to grow. 3) Advanced encapsulation equipment: rising capital costs for downstream containment plants and higher levels of advanced encapsulation
By 2020, the company will have achieved 20 sales. It is expected that the installation will continue to be in high demand in 2021-2023, with 30/42/59 items sold for advanced wet cover equipment. The Māori rate is expected to rise again at a flat price.
The company's planned standpipe development path is lpcvd - the oxidizer and the diffusion furnace - and the price will increase with the R&D process. Similarly, the Māori rate will increase with the product progress.
The five domestic semiconductor equipment companies, such as Surveying, Hasegawa Technologies, are comparable companies, with semiconductor equipment located at the top of the entire semiconductor chain, with extremely high technical barriers, and with domestic infrastructure companies at zero to one or one to two, at the pre-break and release stages, unlike most countries.
Inner equipment companies have infiltrated only in China's continental crystal circle plant, and Shenhua Shanghai has achieved bulk delivery at the large international storage plant, Hercules, and has obtained approval and duplicate orders, so we believe that the company is expected to obtain graph 39: Compared with the valuation of semiconductor equipment by major listed companies, ps
Sps Chart 40: Compared to the valuation of semiconductor equipment, the company’s downstream customers verify that the expansion is not as high as expected.
Market competition increases risks. The semiconductor professional equipment industry is more concentrated, with the top five semiconductors globally.
The market share of proprietary equipment companies has collectively reached more than 70%. The international semiconductor equipment giants have the advantage of long-term market entry, large size, prominent market position and well-developed internationalization, and there is greater competition in the market.
▪ Risks on suppliers of some of the key parts. Some of the key parts used in the company's equipment depend on the company's current suppliers, such as: productionsystems, inc., the only supplier of the company's single cleaning of the key parts of the equipment; and neebell, the company's single clean.
The main supplier of the robotic arm in the washing system; the key supplier for the company's single-swap cleaning of the valves in the equipment.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment