Global Semiconductor Cleaning New Star, platform layout open, December 08, 2021.
The company is the leader of the indigenous semiconductor cleaning equipment, masters the original technology of saps, tebo, tahoe, etc., and is at a global level, with products covering semiconductor cleaning equipment, advanced encapsulation wet equipment and semiconductors.
Three major categories of body plating equipment have been successfully supplied to well-known national and international crystal-crystal plants, such as Hercules, China Rainbow Group, Yangtze Storage, and China Harbour International. Downstream customers have continued to break through, and corporate performance has increased rapidly: 1 end of income: the cagr collected between 2017 and 2020 was 58.38%, and reached 1,007 million yuan in 2020.
The income scale has expanded rapidly; the profit margin: the net return to the mother in 2017 was only 11 million yuan, the alternative space for cleaning equipment was vast in 2020, and the company cleaning equipment had a large growth space, and the semiconductor industry on mainland China has entered a period of gold development as an easier link to national production.
In the short term, the expansion of the Transcrystal Mills in mainland China continued unabated, with 8 of the 29 new crystal mills built around the world in 2021-2022.
On the mainland of China, there is a strong push for cleaning equipment requirements; in the medium and long term, in the context of technological upgrades, the chip production process has increased and the structure is complicated, the demand for semiconductor cleaning and the technical difficulty of cleaning will increase markedly, and the demand for cleaning equipment is expected to rise.2 The global market for cleaning equipment is from dns, tel, lam.
In 2019, the three combined cities accounted for nearly 90 per cent (by volume) of sales, and Shen Mei has achieved a national production substitution breakthrough on the mainland, with the winning bid ratio (by volume) reaching 20.5 per cent in 2019 in mainland China, after dns, driven by the twin logic of raising market demand and national production substitution.
The market share of the company’s semiconductor cleaning equipment is expected to increase continuously, with the potential for sustained growth. Wet & dry equipment combined, the platform layout opens up the space for company growth.
In the wet process, the company expands horizontally the advanced encapsulation & electroplating equipment: in the advanced encapsulation of the rear lane, the company has successfully expanded its access to micro, medium core, nepes.
The company's client group is expected to break out once more, with a 2021m10 order from a major semiconductor manufacturer in Asia, ultra ecpmap copper plating device.
The development of an oxidizer/distribution furnace, finally applied to ald, where the company sold its first equipment in 2020, with subsequent product release, further opening up the growth space.
For the first time, it was covered with an “enhanced” rating. Increased reliance on some key spare parts suppliers, controlling shareholders facing class action, etc. 1. Global semiconductor cleaning of equipment is a new star, and performance continues to increase rapidly
1.1. The indigenous semiconductor cleaning facility is at the forefront, and the product is supplied to mainstream transistors in the country and abroad.
In keeping with its development strategy of differentiated competition, companies have successfully developed the world’s first saps, tebo mega-sonics, washing and tahoe single-shelter combination cleaning technology, and cleaning equipment is more competitive in the global market. The company has now become the “Focus Laboratory for Advanced Wet Process Equipment for Integrated Circuits in Shanghai” and has assumed “20-14nm copper plating”
Major scientific research projects such as the Copper Equipment Development and Applications and the "65-45nm Copper Interconnected Unresistible Lighting Equipment" , “China's Semiconductor Equipment Unit 10”, 2015-2017, were awarded honorary titles such as “China's Semiconductor Equipment Five Enterprises” in 2018, “Shanghai City Science and Technology Award 1” and “China's Semiconductor Innovative Products Technology Award”.
The company ' s main product consists of three main categories of semiconductor cleaning equipment, advanced encapsulation wetting equipment and semiconductor plating equipment: 1 semiconductor cleaning equipment: equipment types such as single-swap cleaning, slot cleaning and single-shut combination cleaning, using company-initiated saps, tebo megasound cleaning techniques and tahoe single-shut combination cleaning techniques.
The technique, which can be applied to crystal circle cleaning at 45nm and the following technical nodes, effectively solves the problem of organic contamination and the cleaning of particles after corrosion and significantly reduces the use of chemical reagents such as sulfuric acid.
Pressure polishing equipment, etc., applicable to wet silicon etching and ubm metals at 8 inches and 12 inches of crystal circle, wet etching, coatings of positive and negative glues and thin glues, visualization, decoupling and scrubbing processes.
Two main categories of plating equipment applicable to the two Damascus copper plating process in logical circuits and storage circuits, respectively, to the electroplating of thin films such as copper, nickel, tin, silver, gold, etc. in advanced encapsulation processes.
In terms of income composition, the single cleaning equipment is the company's current pillar. 1 Overall, the semiconductor. Cleaning equipment is the company's most important operating block, accounting for 92.91 per cent, 84.10 per cent, 83.69 per cent and 83.16 per cent of the income of the main battalion; and 2, broken down by product, the single cleaning equipment of the 2021h1 company was cleaned in the semiconductor.
Figure 3: In the main business, 2021h1 companies received semiconductor cleaning equipment, technology leads & product lines, and company products were successfully imported into mainstream semiconductor manufacturers, both within and outside the country. The company obtained the first order from Hercules in 2012, the order for advanced long-electric technology containment equipment in 2013, and in 2015
Obtaining orders from the China Rainbow Group, the Yangtze Storage and the Central Core International saps equipment. The existing client groups of the company have covered the semiconductor segment of crystal circle construction, advanced encapsulation, semiconductor silicon production and recycling, and have successfully entered the Chinese Academy of Sciences microelectric company, which has stabilized its head customer resources and actively developed new client groups.
High priority is given to R & D-side inputs, adherence to differentiated R & D routes, a professional and well-established technical team, and ongoing R & D inputs are important tools for semiconductor equipment companies to maintain technological leadership, a quality that companies clearly possess.
Prior to listing, the founder, Mr. Huiwang, was the only real controlr of the company through the acromr control company in the United States. Mr. uiwang, a Ph.D. in precision, was the director of the United States Questertechnologyinc. Research and Development Department from 1994 to 1997, with many years of overseas research and development experience, and was honoured with the Shanghai City “Purajiang Talent”
We believe that the firm’s deep academic and industrial background, as well as its overseas R & D experience, have set the tone for its technology-oriented development. Sustained attention is being given to R & D inputs, which are stronger than other indigenous semiconductor equipment enterprises.
It is significantly higher than the national average for the same industry;2 a multidisciplinary body of electronics, electricals, machinery, materials, automotives, etc., has been developed, with the proportion of technology developers in company No. 2021h1 reaching 42.02% and the proportion of R & D is significantly higher than in core sources (34.5.8% in 2021h1), in North China (23.67% in 2020) and in pure technology (2020)
Figure 9: Corporate R & D costs are significantly higher than the local average for the industry, and since the beginning of its development strategy, firms have maintained differentiated competitive, independent innovation R & D paths: 1 in the field of semiconductor monolithic cleaning, unlike second-stream technologies that are dominant in the market, companies have adhered to sound wave technologies.
More specifically, in 2008, 2015 and 2018, companies developed the world’s first saps, tebo and tahoe technologies: saps and tebo technologies solved the megasonic waves for the first time on a global scale.
The uneven distribution of surface energy and the rupture of the gas dens have caused two major problems with chip structural damage; tahoe technology can solve the worldwide problems that have plagued the industry for years with high levels of sulphuric acid use and difficult treatment.2 In the field of semiconductor electroplating, companies have solved the diaphragm of crystal-circle edges and gap areas with unique proprietary technology.
Control problems, breaking the international monopoly on giants.3 In the area of advanced containments, non-resilient polishing techniques independently developed by companies can significantly reduce the cost of polishing consumables compared to traditional cmp equipment.
With continued high R & D investment, the company ' s technological reserves are well advanced in the industry, such as cleaning, advanced encapsulation and semiconductor plating. As of 2021h1, the company and its controlling subsidiaries have been authorized to patent 322 items, 152 in the country and 170 outside the country. In particular, according to the National Centre for Innovation of Integrated Circuits and the Shanghai Centre for Integrated Circuits Development and Development.
It is assessed that the company ' s saps megasound cleaning technology, tebo sound cleaning technology, single crystal-cylinder combinations of tahoe high temperature, sulphate cleaning technology, non-responsible polishing technology and multi-opinal electroplating technology have reached an international lead/advanced level. Based on technology storage and R & D layout, the company plans to construct a product line with wet & dry equipment.
Consider: 1 longitudinal deep-deep wet process. On the one hand, technological advances in saps, tebo, tahoe, sfp, ecp, etc. are optimized to widen the field of application and, on the other hand, the development of multi-channel-based cleaning techniques;2 horizontal expansion of dry-method processes.
In addition to “supplementation of liquidity”, the company's capital market advantages have been used mainly for “Son America semiconductor equipment research and development” and “Son America semiconductor high-end semiconductor equipment research and development projects”, in particular:
(b) The Centre for the Development and Manufacture of Semiconductor Equipment in the United States of America: 1 Based on existing wet technology and active introduction of advanced overseas team processes, rapid integration of the development and production of joint process equipment such as slot cleaning equipment, stand-up furnace equipment (release, oxidizer, lpcvd, ald);2 and the construction of demonstration bases for advanced manufacturing and smart manufacturing.
(b) A project for the development of high-end semiconductor equipment in the United States of America semiconductor: for more advanced process nodes, use of existing research and development systems for semiconductor cleaning equipment, semiconductor plating equipment, advanced encapsulation of wet equipment, and upgrading of high-end process equipment such as stressless polishing equipment, sterilized pipe equipment and product extension.
1.3. The scale of income has expanded rapidly, and the level of profitability has increased significantly, with the growing abundance of the product system and the expansion of customer resources, the size of the company ' s income has expanded rapidly.1 Overall, operating income of $1,088 million has grown rapidly; 2-point products have grown rapidly as semiconductor plating and advanced.
The introduction of new equipment, such as wet sealing and sink cleaning, and the share of revenues from single cleaning equipment from the company 2018-2021h1 as a percentage of revenues from operations, which decreased by 91.11 per cent, 72.81 per cent, 71.08 per cent and 70.18 per cent respectively, remained stable at over 70 per cent, which was the main driving force behind the rapid growth in the size of the company ' s revenues.
In the first three quarters, there was a certain decline in profit levels, mainly q1 as a result of the low-season effect, and we will analyse it in detail below. At the Māori end, the overall Māori ratio remains high, with a slight decline in interest rates in the first three quarters of 2020-2021 as a result of the rise in the share of new products.
High levels, with a more stable integrated Māori rate hub for the company; 2-half-conductor plating equipment and advanced encapsulation wet methodology ready for new company products, with fewer deliveries, prior roll-out and different product lines leading to greater volatility of Māori rates, low gross cost end, scale effect, significant decline in company-time costs in 2018 compared to 15.57 pct, net profit on sales
A significant improvement in the rate was the main reason why the company ' s profits grew at a significantly higher rate than the revenue end, and the increase in the cost rate during 2020 was evident mainly in exchange gains and losses, but the net gain on fair value changes of $150 million led to a negative growth in net interest rates on corporate sales in 2020. The cost rate for the company ' s period in the first three quarters of 2021 was only slightly lower than in 2020, on the one hand, and higher on the other.
R & D inputs, on the other hand, q1 is a low season of traditional income, thus affecting the level of net interest rates on sales in the last three quarters.
2.1. In the context of the expansion of the indigenous crystallization plant, which will give rise to hundreds of billions of class semiconductor equipment demand, the semiconductor industry in mainland China has entered a period of gold development.1 At the end of the production supply, the global semiconductor industry has begun shifting eastwards since 2011 and China has taken the opportunity to complete one.
In terms of demand, the mainland of China has become the world ' s main semiconductor consumption market, with a global share of sales of 2021h1 semiconductors reaching 35.22 per cent;3 but high-end chips remain highly import-dependent, with successive government policies to accelerate the pace of national production substitution, and home-grown chip self-production is expected to increase rapidly.
Figure 25: The global semiconductor industry is shifting from Taiwan and South Korea to mainland China for the second time (1990-2010): The industrial shift to manufacturing is closely linked to the specialization of integrated circuits
• South Korea has continued to invest in technology and production at the dram, establishing its dominance in the city of Ic, and the rapid rise of companies such as Samsung and Hercules.
For the first time in mainland China (1970-1990):
The transfer of the industry to manufacturing, covering, crystal-crystal manufacturing, etc. The transfer of the industry to technology, low-profit sealing, the stripping of the manufacturing and sealing sectors by semiconductors in the United States, or
• The lower labour costs in mainland China and the gradual acquisition of part of the foreign semiconductor encapsulation, manufacturing, etc. to complete the initial build-up transfer of the testing plant to Japan; the Japanese semiconductor industry has thus moved to Japan.
In a context of rising consumption, the demand for semiconductor consumption has grown rapidly and has become the world's largest consumer electronic production and manufacturing base.
Toshiba, Japan, Japan, and other well-known companies such as Japan’s home-grown crystal-crystal mills have continued to expand, and the crystal-crystal manufacturing industry is developing at a fast pace.1 With policy support, the indigenous semi-conductor industry has started to scale up, with 26 of the 62 crystal-crystal plants that were launched around the world between 2017 and 2020 sitting in mainland China.
As a proportion of 42 per cent, mainland China has become a new production centre for the global crystal circle;2 as new production lines have been built, China ' s trans-crystal production has grown rapidly, reaching 256 billion yuan in 2020 and cagr in 2013-2020, but China ' s transcrystal production capacity remains relatively high, and the expansion of the mill has continued to increase.
1 With the release of new production capacity, China’s continental crystal-crystal capacity global share has risen significantly, reaching 15.3 per cent in 2020m12, compared to +1.4pt, but still far below the global share of semiconductor sales (34.38 per cent in 2020), and national production replacement space, with 8 of the 29 crystal-crystal plants to be built globally in the year.
The market for semiconductor equipment in mainland China has shown greater elasticity, driven by new production lines.1 From 2012 to 2020, the capr was 28.62 per cent higher than the global average for the same period (8.56 per cent);2 the global share of semiconductor equipment sales in mainland China was only 6.78 per cent in 2012 and was fast-growing in 2020.
As can be seen, China’s mainland has become a major source of growth in the global semiconductor equipment market. Looking ahead, in the context of short- and medium- and long-term alternatives to domestic production, indigenous crystal-cryswing plants are starting a massive expansion program that will boost the demand for hundreds of billions of class semiconductor equipment.
In China, Sri Lanka, the Purple Group, the planning of the compost, the pit core, the towers and the sea semiconductor, the construction and production capacity, the investment in the slopes is 98.51 billion yuan, the construction of new production lines is 12 inches of advanced production, and, assuming 70 per cent of the investment in equipment, we estimate that the investment in the corresponding equipment will be 699.3 billion yuan, which is expected to be released centrally in the next five years.
The process of manufacturing chips is the largest of all the steps of the chip manufacturing process. The production of chips is very demanding for industrial purity and reliability, affecting the rate of chip production in order to avoid the creation of, or exposure to, micro-pollutants during the manufacturing process.
According to the company's offer, the number of cleaning steps is about 30% or more of all chip manufacturing steps, and the first process for chip manufacture is:
(b) In the crystal circle manufacturing process: clean-up prior to critical processes such as light etching, etching, deposition, ion injection, de glue, removal of chemical impurities contaminated with crystal circle and reduction of defects rates;
In the encapsulation phase: tsv washing, ubm/rdl cleaning, key cleaning, etc. The semiconductor cleaning technology has a lot of pathways and the wet method & single-sampling is the mainstream of the current industry. 1 If the semiconductor cleaning equipment is different from the medium, it can be divided into wet cleaning and dry cleaning of the two technical routes.
The crystal circle manufacturing line is still dominated by wet cleaning, accounting for about 90 per cent of the chip manufacturing process;2 under the weting process route, it is broken down into single cleaning equipment, slot cleaning equipment, combination cleaning equipment and batch rotation, spray cleaning equipment, among other things, where single cleaning equipment has a very high degree of process control and insignia removal capability and can be effectively addressed.
Cross-contamination between crystal circles, widely applied, is the main method of cleaning used in the crystal circle manufacturing process.Semi data show that the value of crystal circle manufacturing equipment in 2020 was about 86 per cent in semiconductor-specific equipment.In particular, in 2019, 22 per cent, 21 per cent and 21 per cent, respectively, of film deposition, photo-engineer, etching equipment.
In the short term, the beneficial indigenous semiconductor capacity has expanded and our market demand for cleaning equipment has risen rapidly. 12019, the global semiconductor cleaning equipment market was $3.28 billion, and the 2015-2019 caagr 5.98 per cent.
In the case of mainland China, in the absence of official statistics, if cleaning equipment is valued at 5% of semiconductor equipment, we estimate the size of the market for semiconductor cleaning in mainland China in 2020 to be about $936 million, and the capr in 2016-2020 to be 30.47%.
The rapid release of the semiconductor cleaning equipment market is the main driving force behind the steady growth of the global cleaning equipment market. In the medium-to-long term, in the context of technological upgrading, chip production has increased – with structural complications – and the demand for semiconductor cleaning has increased markedly, with demand for cleaning equipment expected to increase at a very high price.
First of all, an increase in the number of crystal-crystal manufacturing cycles under advanced processes will directly lead to an increase in cleaning steps. The semiconductor nodes are moving towards advanced processes below 28 nm, corresponding to more than 200 cleaning steps during crystal-crystal manufacturing.1 On the one hand, the number of cycles of crystal-crystal processing under advanced processes has increased, both before and after each etching, spreading, etc.
In addition, advanced process techniques are more sensitive to impurities, and in order to ensure a good chip rate, they also need to increase the frequency of cleaning at every step of the process. Second, the complex structure of the chip – the emergence of new materials – will increase the difficulty of cleaning technology.
The degree of impurity of crystal circle processing to impurities is reduced and the impurity of impurities to be washed is reduced and the difficulty of matching them will increase; the complexity of the two cores, such as the complexity of structures such as depth and width ratio, 3d etc., is no longer limited to crystalline surfaces, but also includes deep-cleaning of the hole interior without damage, which has increased the difficulty of cleaning; and the advanced process 3 is used.
The different tolerance of new types of materials poses new challenges to the process of cleaning, such as the high-k-line metal material used in the 3d structure, which requires a stronger material protection capability for the cleaning equipment.
On the whole, semiconductor equipment in mainland China is still in its early stages of development, with large national production alternatives. As the core equipment, such as cleaning, corrosion, and thin film deposition, breaks through, the sale of semiconductor equipment in the country reached $21.3 billion in 2020 and 32.25 per cent in the period 2013-2020, which is higher than the overall increase in the sale of semiconductor equipment in the mainland during the same period (27.76 per cent).
The side reflects an increase in the domestic production rate of semiconductor equipment in mainland China, but we estimate roughly that the national production rate of semiconductor equipment in mainland China was still only 17.50% in 2020, that there was a large national production replacement space, and that the pace of national production was about to accelerate.
The global market for cleaning equipment continues to be dominated by Japan, and Shenxia has achieved a home-grown alternative breakthrough.1 Overall, the global semiconductor cleaning equipment market is highly concentrated, with Japan taking the lead, with dns and tel together accounting for 77 per cent of the global market share in 2019;2 local suppliers are currently mainly from the United States, the North, the North, the Hearts, and pure technology.
Of these, Semmi has been replaced by one-size-fits-all cleaning equipment, with 20.5 per cent of the bid for semiconductor cleaning equipment on mainland China in 2019. If the sales are statistically measured, we estimate that during the period 2018-2020, Sem Mi has made a substantial breakthrough in the supply chain of several mainland customers.
The main suppliers of indigenous semiconductor enterprises such as Iris, Yangtze Storage, Central Core International, split the customer bidding, according to which we were not entirely counting: 1 as of 2021m9, of the 31 cleaning equipment that had been tendered for the Huailong Macro (No Tin) project, 7 were the winner, with the winning number reaching 22.6 per cent, after dns; 2 as of 2021m9 were stored in the Yangtze.
Of the 159 clean-up devices that have been released for winning candidates, the number of winnings reached 18.9 per cent, just after dns.
At 22.6% of all requests for bids for equipment, cleaning equipment will be the first step towards full nationalization, with a target of 40% to 45% in 2030. At the core, the technical barriers to cleaning are relatively higher than the processes of light, membrane deposition, etching, etc.
Low: 1: Qualitatively, washing is mainly used for impurity removal, is essentially an assistive process, and does not involve the fine processing of materials; 2 side analysis, which accounts for more than 30 per cent of the chip manufacturing process, but only 5 per cent of its value.
Wet & dry, platform extension opens up the company’s growth space. 3.1. semiconductor equipment is a big track for global growth.
The semiconductor is a typical technology-intensive industry, with overseas taps relying on long-term R & D inputs to build solid technical barriers. According to Vlsi, the top 10 semiconductor equipment firms were concentrated in the United States and Japan by 2020.
With materials, asml, lam, and tel, $163.65, 153.96, 119.29 and $11.321 billion, respectively, the corresponding market share of sales aggregates 59.6 per cent, with a clear monopoly effect on the industry. As the leader of home-grown cleaning equipment, the company collected only $1.007 billion in 2020, with a smaller volume of business than overseas, and a large space for growth.
By looking at semiconductor equipment from both within and outside the country, most of which have a rich product matrix, the platform extension is a necessary route for semiconductor equipment firms to do a great deal. Through the platform layout, the integration of advanced processes can be achieved, market competitiveness can be enhanced, and the advantages of scale can be enhanced, reducing the business risk of relying on a single operation.
Shenmi started with cleaning equipment and, through autonomous R & D and technological extension, is building semiconductor equipment platforms with wet & dry methods. 1 In the wet process, advanced encapsulation equipment and electroplating are developed from cleaning equipment to backtracks, ready for expansion; 2 with a tile tube as an entry point for dryers, ipcvd, oxidators & decomposition furnaces, ald etc.
The company's platform development path has become apparent, and growing ceilings are rising. 3.2. Differential core technology, cleaning equipment still has a large growth space. The company's semiconductor is rich in cleaning equipment, and a single piece of cleaning equipment is a fist product.
In order to cover the three broad categories of singles, slots and single slot combinations, the product abundance is relatively advanced, with single cleaning equipment being the focus of company development, consisting of both saps and tebo technical routes that can be applied to crystal-crypting processes of 45 nm and below, effectively addressing the problem of organic contamination and particle cleaning after corrosion.
Horizontal versus internal and external counterparts, based on original core technology, companies have the potential to highlight re-enhancement in the area of cleaning.1 In the area of single cleaning equipment, second-stream technology is mostly used for level large particle cleaning, with technological nodes lagging behind compared to the company ' s saps/tebo megasonic technology; 2 companies have single slot-type cleaning equipment that is the first in the world and the only in the case of singles.
Cleaning equipment can significantly reduce the amount of sulphuric acid used, and can significantly increase the capacity to clean, compared to slot-type equipment. With hard technology, companies are successfully certified by large customers, and client groups are growing.
Hari International saps equipment orders. The top five clients of the China Rainbow Group, Yangtze Storage and Hercules Stable Company, 2018-2020, reflect the fact that they have become more sticky to large clients; in terms of new client outreach, they are now successfully reaching mainstream clients such as Slanwa, Don, Kinryung, and New Shoe, and the client base of the company's cleaning equipment is growing.
According to the company’s network of officials, 2021m10 received a demo order from the ultracsaps front-track cleaning facility of the world’s leading semiconductor manufacturer, which is scheduled to be installed in 2022q1 in a factory in China. Moreover, according to the company’s WikiLeaks public, the company’s website is showing that the company’s ultracsaps front-track cleaning equipment will be installed in a factory located in China.
2021m12 obtained two orders from a leading international semiconductor manufacturer in the United States for 12 pieces of ultracsapsv cleaning equipment, all of which were to be installed at the client's United States plant, the first of which was for equipment validation, scheduled for delivery at 2022q1, and the second, for volume equipment, scheduled for delivery at 2022q2.
Inventive technological advantage & expansion of customer resources, company semiconductor cleaning equipment is in rapid release. 1 From platform, the corresponding income capr was 56.02% between 2017 and 2020, and 24 items were sold in the first half of 2021 alone.
In terms of financial indicators, companies are already in the vanguard by comparing horizontally with other local counterparts.1 In terms of income size, in 2020, companies achieved $816 million in semiconductor cleaning equipment, which is significantly higher than pure technology and microsources;2
In terms of profitability, the Māori ratio of company semiconductor cleaning equipment from 2018 to 2020 was 44.50%, 45.34% and 45.01%, respectively, and remained stable, significantly higher than pure technology, reflecting the relative maturity of the company’s product & technology on its side. In the long run, company semiconductor cleaning equipment still has much room for growth in the local market.
In 2020, China’s semiconductor cleaning equipment market was $936 million. By contrast, the size of the company’s income is small, and we believe that, driven by the twin logic of raising market demand and substituting for national production, the share of the company’s semiconductor cleaning is expected to increase continuously and there is much room for growth.
Figure 56: Revenue from corporate semiconductor cleaning equipment significantly higher than pure technology in 2020 Figure 57: Māori rate of corporate semiconductor cleaning equipment higher than pure technology in 2020 than pure technology and core source micros (in billions of yuan)
& core microscopic 3.3. Horizontal extension of advanced wet cover & plating equipment 3.3.1. Into the rear lane from the front, advanced wet cover equipment has a reduced impact
In the context of growing demand for consumer electronics, physical networking, and 5g communications, the global encapsulation industry is moving from traditional to advanced encapsulations. According to yole, the world ' s advanced encapsulation market was about $20 billion in 2014, representing 38.0% of the global encapsulation market, 42.6% in 2019, and cagr in 2019-2025.
This will be the main driving force behind the steady growth of the global semiconductor encapsulation market. The size of the advanced encapsulation market in China reached 32.86 billion yuan in 2020 and 26.29% in 2011-2020, which is significantly higher than the overall increase in the sealing market (10.92% in 2011-2020), reflecting the advanced sealing.
However, according to China’s semiconductor industry association, the size of China’s continental seal market in 2020 was 24.789 billion yuan (including tests), compared to which China’s advanced seal penetration rate was significantly lower than the global average, and there was still much room for improvement.
Figure 58: For the period 2011-2020, 26.29 per cent for the advanced capr in mainland China, Figure 59: The global market for advanced seals will be 49.4 per cent by 2025. Building on the experience of wet technology & industry in the field of front-track cleaning, companies have successfully cut into the back-stamp seal.
The advanced encapsulation process, which is in common with the production of the forward crystal circle, requires equipment such as wet etching equipment, brush equipment, coating equipment, visual equipment, decoupling equipment, thinning equipment, cutting equipment, plating equipment, cutting equipment, cutting-type equipment, etc. The company now covers the process of corrosion, coating, visualization, decoupling and polishing.
From a technical point of view, the company has the opportunity to overturn the back of the envelopes. The advanced seals do not pursue advanced process techniques, the overall processing accuracy is lower than the pre-crystal circles, and are based on the long-term accumulation of wet techniques in the front.
Specifically, the company’s encapsulation equipment is now fully applicable to 12 inches of crystal round, with non-resilient polishing equipment equipped with global intellectual property protection that can effectively reduce the cost of fuel consumption compared to traditional cmp equipment. The company’s advanced encapsulation of wet equipment has been successfully imported into the large customer supply chain, and revenue levels have continued to increase.
Accumulation of technology, with companies acquiring long-range electrical and technological orders in 2013 and creating more sticky customers, relying on the demonstration effects of front-line customers, companies have been successful in expanding new customers, such as micro, medium-core, nepes; 22018 - 2021h1 companies have achieved the sale of six, seven, 20 and 14 advanced encapsulations of wet equipment, respectively, and their share of the main battalion ' s revenue continues to be raised.
Technical differentiation of plating equipment, which is expected to lead the way towards national production and release, semiconductor plating refers to the plating of metal ion from plating fluids to crystallized surfaces in gold during chip manufacture, which are interconnected and used mainly in the manufacturing of two main links between front-line copper interconnections and back-track advanced encapsulations.
According to gartner, the global semiconductor plating market, which was about $500 million in 2019, is still dominated by overseas enterprises: 1 in the field of plating equipment in the front crystal circle, where the global market is now dominated by Lam; 2 in the field of advanced plating equipment in the rear lanes, which includes appliedmatures and lam in the United States,
In Japan, ebaracorporation and Singapore, etc. Figure 64: Semiconductor plating is mainly used to make two main links between front-line copper interconnections and advanced back-track encapsulations.
Advanced containment plating process in the back of chip manufacture, media layer corrosion block layer, puncture etching.
Blade structure, puncture light, metallic splatter.
Linear chrome, light blockage e-compatible ird
Copper contour electroplating Metal layer etching Block layer/seed layer deposition
Photoresistance removal Company layout plating equipment has been under development for many years, and the technology is now in the forefront of the industry. 1 Pre-copper interconnection plating Equipment: one of the few companies in the world with core patents and industrialization, multi-yangode plating technology is in the country.
Internationally advanced levels, which can be used for the uniform deposition of copper film at 20-14nm and the following technical nodes.
The company's semiconductor plating equipment has been certified & sold by a large customer.
Rainbow Group Order, located at the Rainbow Six. According to the Network of Company Officials, 2021m10 received a ultraecpmap copper plating device demo order from a leading semiconductor manufacturer in Asia, and its client group is expected to break through again. 3.4. Layout of the pipe, cutting into the dry field to open up the space for growth.
The value of semiconductor drying equipment is higher and it is expected to open up the company’s growing ceiling further. Semiconductor drying equipment includes thin film deposition equipment, spreading furnaces, oxidizers, etc., where film deposition is one of the three core processes for making crystal circle, the value of the corresponding equipment exceeds 20%, and the global market for semiconductor film deposition equipment was 17.2 billion United States dollars in 2020.
In 2025, it is expected to reach $34 billion, significantly higher than cleaning equipment ($3280 million in 2019), and the stereo tubes are one of the basic modules of dry equipment and are widely used in integrated circuit manufacturing. According to gartner, the global market for piped equipment in 2018 was about $2.5 billion, with a similar configuration and flexible configuration of various tubes.
oxidation, decomposition, lpcvd, and ald functions, in which the normal-pressure furnaces are mainly used in heat diffusion mixing, membrane oxidation, high-temperature decomposition, etc. Low-pressurization furnaces are mainly used in film depositions, such as multiple crystalline silicon, nitrogenated silicon, and silicon oxidation.
Blocks can be designed to accommodate different applications & process needs, with the company concentrating on lpcvd, which develops towards the Oxygen & Dispersal furnace, and eventually gradually applies to ald. Specifically, the ultrafurnace series was introduced in 2020 for the oxidation, nitrogenated silicon lpcvd and alloy fire-off process, adding non-combination to the ultrafon series in 2021
The company’s first sinlpcvd was delivered to a major logical-making client in early 2020, according to the company’s public announcement.
The plant conducted a large-scale mass production certification; in addition, another mini-top super-high vacuum-filled alloy-retrenchment set-up, ready to be delivered to a power device manufacturing customer by the end of 2020, and has completed the certification of production capacity.
Semiconductor cleaning equipment business: as a local semiconductor cleaning facility leader, large customer Yangjiang storage, China Rainbow Group are in the active bidding phase, and companies are expected to benefit fully from downstream customer extension needs. 1 single piece of cleaning equipment: company saps and tebo technologies have a differentiated competitive advantage and technology level
Globally advanced and successfully certified by multiple mainstream clients, extended production needs for fully benefiting clients, fake 2-shelter cleaning equipment: the company began to form sales in 2019 and is now the China Rainbow Group, with 100% and 50% of customers; assuming that the overall technical difficulty of sink cleaning equipment is less than that of single-discrete cleaning equipment,
3 single-hull combination cleaning equipment: the company's first global tihoe technology, with a significant reduction in sulphuric acid use and high application potential on the base of guaranteed cleaning capacity, assumes collection of 2 semiconductor electroplating equipment in 2021-2023: the company's rear plating equipment has been successfully certified by multiple customers and will benefit fully from sealing
Surveyor extension scheme, with front-line plating equipment formed for sale in 2019 and is expected to move towards national production, advanced encapsulation of wet equipment: downstream sealers are still in high capital costs and companies are expected to benefit in depth, 4. Tilers: the company as a whole is still in the process of importing products, and in 2020 it became marketed with tourists.
5. Other business: Other business of the company derives mainly from the sale of spare parts and after-sales services, with the growth of the stock sold, the larger national production alternative space for the company ' s semiconductor cleaning equipment, and the company ' s platform extension capability, covering for the first time and giving an "enhanced" rating.
We have chosen comparable companies in the North, which are also leading indigenous semiconductor-cleaning companies and companies with a certain degree of overlap.1 Technological upgrading & development of new products is not as fast as expected: research and development of new products depends on continued funding and time investment.
Entry, if the company cannot maintain technological excellence, risks a decline in market competitiveness.2 The risk of higher customer concentration is that the company will receive more than 75 per cent of the top five clients over the years, with high reliance on top clients, and that cooperative frictions will have a negative impact on the company ' s performance.
3. Market competition increases the risk: the semiconductor equipment industry is highly competitive, markets are dominated by international giants, firms face double competition with international giants and new entrants to China, and their business earnings, performance and financial position will be adversely affected if they are not effectively addressed.
4. Risks of reliance on suppliers of certain key spare parts: Some of the company ' s key spare parts depend on individual suppliers, which will adversely affect the performance of the company if the partnership deteriorates or the supplier ' s own business difficulties arise.5 The controlling shareholder is exposed to the risk of class action: at the end of December 2020, Jeffreykain based on jcapital
As a basis for the indictment, a class action was instituted against acrr against the United States, followed by several American law firms calling on American acrr investors to join the aforementioned class action against acrr against the United States. The company is a United States accr operating agency and owns the United States.
Accr’s core assets and total operations, the main issues addressed in the Tender Report point to the company and may have a potentially negative impact on the company’s operations.