q3 shows a bright performance, Starfleet versus the first global team, 22 October 2025: in recent days, the Queens Report 2025 was released.
\triangleright achieves operating income of 16,689 million yuan, an increase of 14.41 per cent over the same period; net return to the mother - 67 million yuan, excluding non-net core business indicators that show good performance when quarterly profits and cash flows are positive.
\triangleright’s \triangleright target is a significant increase in business income of $6.078 billion for the current period, or 10.02 per cent for the same period, while the company achieved a critical shift in the quality of its operations during the current season, with a net profit return of $172 million for the same period.
202.40 per cent long, with significant improvements in profitability (2025 q1/q2 of $193 million /- 46 million); a return to net operating cash flows of $895 million, a 25.19 per cent increase over the previous year, and a significant improvement in cash flow health 40.38 per cent, a further increase over q2, showing the continued expansion of the profit margin for corporate products.
Artificial intelligence has been consolidated, and the Big Star model has been maintained at the industry’s first echelon. In the current complex context of inter-national technology competition, companies insist on core technological bottom-level autonomy, algorithms, arithmetic, data, etc.
The leadership of the autonomous core technology research and model training system for the ai was further validated, and the leadership of the artificial intelligence industry was further enhanced.
The firex1 upgrade officially went online, achieved a match to the penalo3 and continued to advance in mathematics, translation, reasoning, text generation, where model parameters are smaller than the industry's equivalent, and maintained a leading industry, particularly with regard to hallucination governance accuracy, leading the industry mainstream model; and, at the same time, the base seat.
Multilingual expansion supports more than 130 languages, further proof that the entire warehouse based on arithmetic training has been reported since 25 years: Starfire x 1 has been completely upgraded, waiting for the master control model to have the first global team against base capacity and a model for the education, medical and other industries.
2. Qualified by the company 002230.sz: official launch of Starflash x1 and one machine: multi-industry in innovation and depth.
\triangleright, 2025, based on the company’s three-quarterly report, has seen a breakthrough in the reasoning of 2025/03/04.
In January-September, the number of winnings and the amount of the projects associated with the Big Quest model ranked first in the industry. Of these, 3. Big Quest (002230.sz) reported in the third quarter of 2024 won $545 million in the second to fifth quarter of the year.
At the same time, the “Start Fire” industry has been further strengthened, with the development of a growing harvest in the first three quarters of 2025, a 4.0 match of starfires gptt4turbo-million, accelerating the pace of industrial empowerment.
Investment Recommendations: The company, as the global leader in artificial intelligence, has made a critical shift in the quality of its operations in 2025q3 \triangleright 24: Starfire step-by-step gpt4,ai
To the contrary, it is recommended to look positively at the upgrading of the X1 depth reasoning model and the fall of the ai application. It is expected that public \triangleright's methodological and analytical logic will lead to the conclusions of the study, produce the present report independently and objectively and be responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by the researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.