High profit-end speed, high modeling capability, events: C.T.S. reports released in the third quarter of 2025, company operations completed in the third quarter of 2025, C.S.T.S.S. (002230.sz)
Pang Sinxing is seeing a steady growth of core business and high profit-end growth. In the third quarter of 2025, the company’s core business continued to grow, with net profits and cash flows improving during the season.
q3 ' s operating income increased by 10.02 per cent from the year to year in 2025; the parent ' s net profit of $172 million, an increase of more than 200 per cent from the year to year, with a bright performance; net profit deductions of 76.50 per cent from the year to year; operating net cash flows increased by 25.19 per cent from the year to year. Cost side: management costs and management costs for the first three quarters of 2025.
R & D costs are lower than in the third quarter of 2024, and the controls are effective and profitable.
At the level of numbers, progress continues to be made in mathematics, translation, reasoning, and text generation, and to remain in the forefront of the industry. In particular, there is a significant advance in the mainstream model of hallucination governance accuracy, which expands the lead in large models such as education, health, etc.; at the same time, there are many languages at the base.
Power expansion supports more than 130 languages, further demonstrating that a home-grown, home-grown, home-grown model has the first global echelon of power against base capacity. On September 17, Quest launched an ASEAN multi-language model dedicated to the 10 ASEAN countries based on pure home-grown hardware.
According to the China Master Model Project Monitoring and Insight Report, the number and amount of bid in the company large model-related projects in January-September 2025 are in line.
Millions of dollars, 1.8 times the sum of the second to the fifth. At the same time, the satellite fire industry has increased its ecological progress, with more than 1.22 million new developers in the first three quarters of 2025, of which 690,000 are models, accelerating the pace of industrial empowerment.
Profit forecasting and investment rating: companies are leading firms in the country in the area of artificial intelligence, adhering to core technology, the bottom of which is self-controllable; at the same time, the Big Star model continues to evolve, maintaining industry leadership.
Risk factors: Ia large model applications fall short of expectations; commercialization moves faster than expected; well, cindasecuritiesco.ltd Golden House No. 127, Wumenxi Street, Beijing, West Town.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.