Foster (603806.sh) incident: On June 28, Foster (603806.sh) jumped to a price of $38.04.
A single-day increase of 7.98% was ranked fifth in the new sector in China and Telecommunications. The rebound from June 9 was to raise the heat of the industry. On June 14th, 2023, the intersolareurope exhibition, known as “Technology, Market Wind” was held in Munich, Germany, with Chinese dragon-heads high profile.
It shows new products such as low acetic filtration, high-reverse black voltaic backboards, a new generation of pe film, a series of dc photo-transformation film, and publishes efficient and reliable data from proven bases in different environments inside and outside the sea. The exhibition is being validated again.
Silicon prices look closer to the balance point. According to pvinfolink, the price of the latest multi-crystal silicon secret material spot has fallen to $64/kg, and the weekly drop has clearly narrowed to 6%.
The price of silicon is now below the cost line of some small- and medium-sized silicon companies and even close to the head, and there are already two or three more high-cost firms that have reduced production or stopped manufacturing. As the pace of production and release of the new output is still moving and the industry is in high stock, we believe that silicon will follow.
Low-price components stimulate loading, which is good for supporting materials. Silicon falls lead to falling prices for end-products, which have fallen by 26% since the beginning of the year.
The National Energy Agency announced 61.21gw in January-May, an increase of 158%, and 12.9gw in May, an increase of 142%. Considering the downside viewing caused by the sharp fall in prices, emotions remain suppressed, so as the prices of the industrial chain return and stabilize, both domestic and foreign.
The project will be launched at an accelerated pace, with the prospect of a rapid eruption that will effectively pull the photo-voltaic market up, with strong incentives for business performance growth. The price of the film hits the bottom and the gross profit trend is now on. Solarzoom, starting in mid-March.
At first, the price of the photovolveva membrane fell from $11 per flat to $9.5 per flat, a 14 per cent decrease. We expect that strong downstream demand growth will effectively support the price of the membrane, which is expected to rebound strongly under the downstream stimulus.
The price of particles dropped from about 17,000 yuan/tonne to around 13,000 yuan/tonne, with a 24 per cent drop in ultra-film prices, a price drop for raw materials-products that indicates that the gross profit on the film chain is improving steadily and making a good profit.
706%, Māori increased by 6.4pt, recovering profitability after gradually digesting high-priced stocks. The public sector has seen a huge increase in the index, and multiple benefits support continued upscaling.
At the same time, the company has made a major effort to develop its performance in the first quarter of 2022 & 23: the bottom is now.
New businesses such as luminous dry film, aluminium plastic film, etc., create a diverse platform for new materials. I, 3, [Galactic Power Xinyan Team], take a look at Forster, who maintains a “recommended” rating of 27.2 and 20.7 times the current share price.
(60380) _ Good photovoltaic demand in 2023, with the hope of fully benefiting from the membrane taps _ 230120 less than expected: the risk of increased industrial competition leading to a higher than expected decline in product profitability.
Strength: Deep understanding of the industry landscape and changes in the industry chain, precise management of cyclical turning points: with a mature top-down research framework: selection of growth targets from a unique perspective. Formerly at the Arizona state headquarters and Beijing branch in the United States of America (Christensen), working as a customer director for financial counselling (ir) and marketing. I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
It has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of the present report.