In 2022, the profits were strained, the productive capacity expanded rapidly in 2023, and the company’s revenues grew steadily and profits were strained. In 2022, the company achieved operating revenues of $18.880 billion, while in 2301, it achieved operating revenues of $4.91 billion, i.e. +26 per cent, ring ratio - 8 per cent, net profit for mothers of $360 million.
The sales of film have grown steadily, and production capacity has expanded rapidly to maintain its vanguard status. In 2022, the company sold photovoltaic film, which is expected to reach 2.5 billion flats by the end of 2023, corresponding to the 260gw components.
In 2022, companies sold 123 million flat, compared to 80.6%; sales averaged 10.88 yuan, compared to 0.24 yuan per year.
Ping, Māori, $1.31/Pi, same ratio - $0.09/Pi. With the increased emphasis in the terminal market in recent years on the value for money of photo-spray products, companies have developed production systems based on mature cpc backboards, and product output and market ownership have increased rapidly, becoming headlines for photo-backboard products.
The company’s Kagsing Base, which produces 110 million flat-volt backboards a year, has started to work, and is expected to receive a higher demand for profit distribution in the future, allowing backboard products to grow across the board. Substream swathes are well developed, and the product structure is transformed from medium to low to medium.
Foster (6038006.sh) - Cost transfer smooth, profit margin improvement - High-end development phase, pioneering the introduction of semi-high-sense radiance drying that takes into account client exposure efficiency and use costs. Foster (6038006.sh) - consolidation of photovoltaic film tap status, rapid expansion justified
The diaphragms, coupled with finely condensed filamentary high-end products such as dry membrane, laden membrane, etc., have begun to enter into the large pcb, Foster-603806-2021 mid-point assessment: h1 is profitable as expected, and market demand is expected to increase continuously, depending on the supply system of the public.
Head customers in the enveloped base plate area are targeted for the production of high-end photo-dryming and photo-covering membrane products. Investment advice: taking into account the pricing strategy of the company ' s photo-film operations in the current competitive pattern, the downward adjustment of the company ' s revenues has steadily increased and profits have been pressured. Companies achieved operating revenues of $18.8 billion in 2022, i.e. 47 per cent compared to +47 per cent in 2022;
The net profit to the mother is 1.58 billion yuan, corresponding to 28 per cent. The corresponding figure is 5.33 billion yuan for the twenty-fourth quarter, which is +36 per cent for the same year, +36 per cent for the same year, +26 per cent for the same year, +8 per cent for the ring, +360 million yuan for the same year, +7 per cent for the same year, +706 per cent for the ring.
Compared), -0.1 per cent (year-on-year +0.3 pcts). The net profit cash flow content of 22q4 increased significantly, mainly as a result of higher impairment losses in inventory due to large fluctuations in the price of raw materialseva particles, and lower net lost profits due to lower returns.
Figure 7: Māori rates for companies, changes in net interest rates equal to $US -0.06/p. The price of eva particles of film raw material fluctuated significantly in 2022, and the company ' s photo-voltaic Māori ratio was well under way in such local extension projects as Fukuzhou, Kacing, Thailand and Viet Nam, with photo-voltaic membrane production expected by the end of 2023
With a reliable supply chain control capacity for raw materials, a stable and efficient production and customer demand security capability, a firm corporate leader, an integrated competition, a rapid upgrading of the production capacity of a 2023-year-old battery assembly, and a company's continuous development of a containment programme with downstream customers.
The sale of backboards has increased dramatically, and the future demand for distributional benefits is expected to increase. In 2022, the company sold photo-voltaic backboards.
Dollars/squares, same-$0.09/squares. As the end market’s focus on the value-for-money value of photovoltaic backboard products has increased in recent years, companies have developed production systems based on mature cpc backboards, and product output and market occupancy rates have risen rapidly, becoming head-line firms for photovoltaic backboard products.
The company's Kagsing Base has already started producing 110 million flat-volt backboards a year, and is expected to benefit from a future spread of demand that will allow backboard products to grow across the board. The substream of the luminous membrane is well developed, and the product structure is shifting from the lower to the upper middle end.
The company is at the stage of developing from the lower to the lower middle end of the electronic material field, taking the lead in the introduction of semi-highly sensed radiance membranes that balance the cost of light efficiency and use, and finely dissected soft panels with a diaphragm, a plated dry membrane, etc.
Medium- and high-end products begin to enter the supply system of large pcb manufacturers, and market demand is expected to increase continuously. In the future, the public division will target head customers in the area of ic-boarding, class-loading panels, enveloped base-plating, and produce high-end photo-dryming and photo-covering membrane products.
The company ' s headquarters in Ping-Am ' s projects for the radiance membrane and fccl, the Jiangmen base ' s 560 million-silent-skinned membrane project and the 24 million-ton-salent-sales-a-year project are well under way and will effectively promote the national production replacement of the radiated membranes after delivery. Figure 16: Average price, cost and single flat Māori ($/p) for the sale of the company ' s radiated membranes
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject