The price of raw materials is stable and performance improvement is evident.
zhanghan3@cfsc.com.cn, whose net profit fell in 2022, mainly in 2022q4 vinyl core raw materials, 8.37%, down 8.7cpts from the same year.
The company is a leading company in the photo-film industry, and in 2022 it achieved the elimination of photo-film products.
The sales volume of 1,321 million square metres increased by 36.51 per cent from the same year to an average annual price of 12.76 yuan per year, an increase of 7.3 per cent from the same year.
In South-East Asia, such as Thailand, production capacity has remained stable and global city occupancy has remained stable, leading by far in terms of backboards and electronic materials: production capacity has continued to grow, opening second-growth backboards: in 2022, companies sold more than 123 million square metres of photo-pareboard products, and in 2022, they sold more than 100 million square metres.
*202,322* Manchuria, Antenna, is expected to grow by 80.64%, and the company’s capacity will expand further with the launch of the 110 million flat backboard extension program. At the same time, the company’s luminous backboard products are of a full range.
Full, including composite and coatings, with the expectation of upgrading the market through differentiated products Electronic materials: the company completed internal integration of its electronic materials business in 2022 and, despite a decline in electronic demand for end-use, sales of company-senseed dry film products continued
At the same time, companies have successfully imported into large, front-line pcb plants, such as Penang, and middle- and high-end development strategies have broken down. Downstream photovoltaic demand is less than expected; upstream raw material price volatility is at risk;
Industry competition increases risks; large-plate systemic risks, etc.: Head of the Electrical Equipment Unit, Master of Financial Sciences, Bachelor of Science, Nakayama University, four years of experience in the securities sector, with emphasis on photovoltaics, wind power, storage energy, etc.
Law of Heaven: Master of Financial Engineering, cfa, and frm bearers. Shanghai Transport University, financial undergraduate, four years of experience in financial research, covering photovoltaic and storage energy. Rodione: Master of Arts, European School of Higher Business, double degree in energy and power engineering and finance, Xian Transport University.
I do not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, and not for, the specific suggestions or observations in this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the projection of a stock or industry index vis-à-vis the main indicators of the relevant securities market illustrates that: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes: a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreed transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer)
The Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
It is reliable, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information. We have tried to report it objectively and fairly, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.