Volkswagen Group (601238): In 2016, the engine remains the autonomous brand, the “breathing” of the engine, which leads to high performance growth. The company is a whole-car manufacturing enterprise with a complete chain of auto industry in the country, and its main business includes:
The company’s performance during the reporting period was impressive, with revenue from the entire manufacturing operation reaching $33,419 million, an increase of 98.25 per cent, which is much higher than the industry average.
The company’s main brand sales in 2016 were 372,000, an increase of 90.66 per cent over the previous year, of which gs4 continued to be “shocked” and the gs8 was marketed with precision.
Acknowledging, successful in opening up a car-type market of $150,000 or more. A steady increase in joint venture brand sales, leading to a significant increase in investment returns.
The sales are growing steadily, led by cars like Tianhanlanda, Lui Ling, Honda Ji, Yakaku, Mitsubishi O'Lander, and the Euro-American joint branding, driven by hot sales like Jeep Freedom Man, Free Light, etc., is making a profit.
The company’s Māori rate has risen and cost control is evident. The Māori rate for companies during the reporting period was 19.95%, an increase of 4.31 percentage points over the same period; of this, the Māori rate for cars was higher.
The effect of a significant increase in the volume of vehicle sales was highlighted, while the company’s increased cost control resulted in a decrease in unit costs. The cost for the company during the reporting period was 13.00 per cent, a decrease of 1.22 percentage points from the same period, mainly due to the same rate of corporate management costs during the year.
Autonomous brands are expected to continue to grow, and new models are expected to be marketed. During the reporting period, the company ' s own brands have grown at a high rate, and cars such as gs4 and gs8 are now being sold.
Gs7, gs3, mpvsgm8, compact sedansga4, and new energy vehicles gs4phev, ge3, ga6phev, among others, which will further improve product competitiveness; in the same time, joint brands will also welcome such things as a crown 1.5t car, a song tlx, Toyota All.
We expect that the company's own brand model will continue to grow at a high rate in 2017, driven by existing stars, models and new products; the joint venture brand will remain stable in sales.
The firm’s performance throughout the year is expected to grow steadily on a firm-based basis. More than ever, given the company’s sound industry-wide chain layout, its prominent operational management capacity, the steady growth of joint ventures, the increasing competitiveness of autonomous brands, and its promise to maintain high growth rates.
For the first time, we gave companies a “precisely recommended” investment rating. Joined the Chinese Securities Research and Development Department, the main area of research and follow-up: the mechanical industry, which was produced by Chinese securities and used only by customers of Chinese securities.
We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the information and views expressed in the report do not form the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, and the information, opinions and opinions do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining this report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to anyone.
An independent assessment shall be made, taking into account their respective investment objectives, financial position and specific needs, and consult with professional consultants, as necessary, on financial, legal, commercial, tax, etc.