Mid-year 2023: Performance Supermarket Prediction Keyword: #Performance #Second Curve# Structural Change for Products Increases Profit Rates 180 million, +22%, +480 million, +50%.
It consists mainly of exchange gains and losses, which in previous years have been better hedged and have had less impact on corporate profits. The net profit growth supermarket is expected to result mainly from: 1) the impact of the 2022q2 epidemic on freight costs, the cost of materials (large, chip-based) and the fall in raw material prices + sea in 2023.
Freight costs have fallen, and the Māori rate has increased. 2) At the operational level, efficiency gains have been made, and cost-side tubes have been able to benefit from hyperpressure construction and the acceleration of main network equipment orders, such as gis.
According to the national tender data for grid transformers, by 2023, the number of Gis tenders had grown faster than the network equipment, with orders in the network moving faster than in previous years throughout the year.  transformer operations benefit from new energy sources and foreign market pulls, revenues, and orders.
The year of installation demand + the harvest period in the overseas market + the year 2023 of the Permanent State plant's capacity climbs, and corporate transformer revenues and orders are projected to be released at +50 per cent or more. The cost of raw materials & shipping upstream of 2023h1 is expected to fall and the Māori rate is expected to increase consistently.
In the field of storage energy, companies have issued quarterly reviews: performance meets expectations, continues the stock, large stores, and establishes a subsidiary to think about new energy distribution battery products and improve integration.
In the area of automobile electronics, the holding subsidiary, caricature carbon, is able to make steady progress in the new energy car storage component and the power storage component, which will in the future provide solutions to customers in conjunction with the company's reserves in the area of automobiles and energy.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: due to company performance supermarket expectations of 2023h1, high orders were raised
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.