The performance of 23h1 met expectations and operations were stablely active \triangleright revenues of $5.303 billion, an increase of 22.05 per cent over the same period; and net return returns of $701 million, an increase over the same period
Realising revenues of $3.31 billion, an increase of 20.16 per cent over the same year; achieving a net return profit of $482 million, an increase in the same year in the Māori rate of 23h1 operations.
Switch class: income of 2,628 million yuan, an increase of 9.2 per cent, Māori rate of 31.46 per cent, an increase of 31,46 per cent.
The offshore market has accelerated and incomes have continued to grow. The company has long adhered to the overseas strategy, 23h1 overseas city \triangleright
The site achieved revenues of $1,082 million, an increase of 47.50 per cent over the same period. The company ' s bulk of the product was certified through various countries, including France, the United Kingdom, Western Research Assistant Xu Joon Cheol, Portugal, Malaysia, Egypt, the United Arab Emirates and Australia.
On July 25, the company announced that the board of directors had passed a bill on the acquisition of 19.2194% of the carbon and that the company currently held 70.4% of the carbon.
Right. The main products of the carbide energy include edlc and hybrid supervoltage (huc), where companies have worked with the carbide for a longer period of time and have produced better synergies in business development 23 years of a quarterly evaluation: performance meets expectations and new business is still.
This further increase in the shareholding of carbonene crystallized energy would facilitate further integration of both technical and market advantages, thereby promoting the application of the super-container in related areas, consistent with the company's long-term development campaign 2. Think Source Electric (002028.sz) Quarterly Report 2022
A few, building a corporate second-growth curve that is conducive to the long-term development of the company. Review: Three quarters of the Māori rate is under temporary pressure, cost control effectiveness: q2 performance loops are up, and switch business cores are up.
Intranet operations have grown steadily, overseas markets have moved into a high growth path, methodology and analytical logic have led to research findings, independently and objectively produced, and are responsible for the content and views of this report. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of researchers, whose findings are not subject to any third party's approval or influence, and who have not been, or will not be, directly or indirectly charged with the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.