Semi-annual quick performance rating: performance bright, domestic and foreign operations ready for order income resonance electrical equipment = power grid equipment
Wang Weiwei, Wang Xiaowok, has achieved operating income of $3.183 billion on a quarterly basis, an increase of 22.1 per cent in the same year and 46.6 per cent in the ring; net profit of $483 million in the return to the mother.
50.5% growth, Ring 121.6% increase; net profit of 499 million yuan increase of 54.9% increase of the same year and 174.2% increase of the same year) The national electricity grid plan in 2023 invested more than 520 billion yuan, creating historic heights, with only 4 jobs under multiple pressures in 2022 and 8 jobs under special pressure in 2023. Since this year, three ultra-high pressure projects have been opened or approved at a pace consistent with the forecast.
In May 2023, the national electricity network project completed a total investment of $41.6 billion, or +12.4 per cent, and there was a significant recovery in electricity network investment. (2) On the afternoon of 11 July, the second meeting of the Central Committee for Comprehensive and Intensive Reform was convened to consider the adoption of the " Accelerating the reform of the electricity system " .
The meeting stressed the need for science to rationally design new power systems construction pathways, with plans to gradually reduce the share of traditional energy sources on the basis of alternative energy security. Institutional mechanisms for adaptation to new power systems need to be put in place to promote and strengthen innovation in electricity technologies, market mechanisms and business models. Effective markets need to be better integrated with and improved for governments.
Policy systems, basic public service provision of electricity. 3) The company is a leading domestic power-equipment company with a 30-carry focus, a well-sequenced product, and a solid market position. Overseas market opening was constrained in 2022 by multiple factors that affected the pace of product delivery in the domestic market, and we expect the company to be in the domestic and foreign markets in 2023.
The company, based on the power plant masters, a robustly configured new storage capacity and super-clerical operations, is expected to make future investments in the grid at a slower pace than expected; the prices of upstream raw materials have increased significantly; and industry competition has intensified. The authors ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusions.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author