In 23 years, the profit growth rate for h1 was higher than expected, and the company ' s net non-mortality profit was 681 million yuan in the second half of the year, an increase of 46.64 per cent in the same year. On a quarterly basis, q2 achieved operating income of 3,131 million yuan, an increase of 20.2 per cent in the same year and a net return profit of 483 million yuan, an increase of 50.3 per cent in the same year.
The 23-year performance was sustained, with a sharp increase in the coil category, incompetence, and in the rate of growth of the total engineering package.
The main reasons for this are: (1) the opening of corporate transformer capacity bottlenecks, which have led to the growth of the industry in the coil industry; (2) the rapid growth of new energy demand, which has led to a rise in the demand for incompetence; and (3) the placement of the overseas epc over the years.
Corporate profitability has improved considerably, looking at the second half of the year as it continues. The company’s overall Māori rate is 29.06%, \triangleright, switch-type Māori rate is 31.46%, an increase of 5.74 pct, coil gross.
(+1.34 pct) The Māori rate for smart equipment class operations is 30.39% (+1.32 pct) and the overall increase in engineering is mainly in the sense that: 1) the company ' s output drops have been effective; 2) there has been a certain decrease in raw materials over the last year; and 3) the shipping costs have been lower over the last year.
In terms of rates, the company’s net interest rate rose less than the increase in the Māori rate, mainly to raise the company’s income almost evenly. For the second half of the year, we think that the increase in the Māori rate of the company came from the outside of Sindha Securities.
Material prices have declined periodically and internal precision management has led us to be optimistic about the sustainability of the high cindaseuritiesco.ltd Māori rate in the second half of the year.
House No. 1 of the 9th Street in the west corner of Beijing City, where the share of the company continues to rise, and the company moves to the international level. On the other hand, the company's overseas epc brings business.
Growth in performance, on the other hand, led to the overseas sale of traditional electricity equipment, with electricity transmission and distribution equipment from developed regions such as Europe and North America operating for many years in the offshore market of 2023h1 and with larger replacement space; and the development of electricity infrastructure in South-East Asia, the Middle East and Africa, which is lagging behind.
We believe that, as the company’s overseas operations progress, the company’s overseas brands are expected to grow, and overseas operations are expected to grow faster than expected. Storage capacity plus superb layout is going well, and companies will grow more dynamic in the future.
\triangleright expands storage capacity-related operations and actively explores the world's pre-schedule, post-scheduled energy markets, which are expected to break in the second half of the year with the introduction of corporate products.
The share share in the sub-crystal carbon energy acquisition is 70.4%, so that companies can work with the auto electronics industry on the one hand, and the company can enter the super-conservative energy track in the future on the other. The storage capacity + super-capitulation is the blue sea market, enabling the company to grow in the future.
Risk factors: Unexpected investment in the grid, price volatility of raw materials, increased competition in the market, etc. \triangleright, three years of industry research experience, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2022, responsible for research in the photovoltaic sector.
He was a research assistant in the new energy and electrical equipment industry, Master of Economic Analysis, University of Sydney, Bachelor of Financial Sciences, University of Nakayama, and joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2022 for research in electrical equipment and storage, Chen Jie, a team member, Master of Accounting, Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2022 for lithium.
Sun-Sun, Research Assistant in the New Energy and Power Equipment Industry, Master of Finance, Shandong University, 2022, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, responsible for research in the new energy vehicle industry. Lee Woo-min, team member, Master of Economics, National University of Australia, Bachelor of Arts, Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, 2023
The component is not relevant, is not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analytical opinions or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy approved by the CVM. This report is produced and published by the Sindha Securities Commission.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.