Half-yearly 2023: domestic + overseas convergence, significant profitability repair Keyword: #performance meets expectations # new products, new technologies, new clients
• The switch business has been significantly repaired and high-quality orders have been growing steadily. 23h1 switch operations have achieved $2.628 billion, compared with +9.2 per cent, Māori rate of 31.46 per cent, Māori rate of +5.74 pt, significant increase in Māori rate, predominantly 1) significantly lower prices of upstream raw materials, 2) higher quality in the net + overseas
As of 23h1, the number of tenders for State grids was +26%, with 220kv and above being +45%, and the rate of growth of products above and above is clear, and we anticipate that the income from high demand plus raw material pressure relief, transformers & svg and other products + profits are expected to be sustained
High-speed growth. Corporate coil product 23h1 generated $1,112 million, compared to +38.13 per cent, Māori rate 32.98 per cent, compared to +3.15 ptt. Uncompensated product 23h1 generated $767 million, the foreign market dominated, and the price of large quantities of raw materials stabilized + the cost of shipping significantly reduced the Māori rate.
This is an improvement, and svg products benefit from the product's own optimal reduction, which can still lead to an improvement in the Māori rate when prices drop slightly, reflecting the firm's own strong alpha. Looking forward, overseas transformers supply and demand throughout the year.
Pressure + domestic demand for new energy construction is on the rise, transformer order revenues are expected to continue to rise, and svg ' s annual performance report is fast-tracked: performance supermarkets expand to multiple markets + continue to fall, and revenues and profits are expected to sustain growth.
Revenue growth for overseas operations is reported on a quarterly basis: performance meets expectations and continues.
Fast, mainly in Europe and the Middle East, where the demand for power grids + new energy is strong, companies are gradually replacing the foreign flagship market share with high-value ratios, and lower costs are driving the Māori rate to a significant increase. The market is strong, and the company has been operating for many years, and is expected to catch up with overseas operations.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: We maintain the company ' s net return profits in 2023-25, respectively.