Incoming Group: High throughput, growth, profits from real estate revenues, rapid growth of the port masters, opening up business opportunities in the opening of the Ocean Hills.
The world economy has recovered, the international shipping industry is warming down, and our port operations have increased significantly, up to nearly five years. The company ' s parent port container traffic has for the first time passed 40 million tons of teu, completing 40.23 million tons of teu, an increase of 8.3 per cent over the previous year, which is higher than the coastal port container traffic.
Share prices relative to market performance (nearly 12 months) increased by 7.94 per cent; cargo in the port of motherland reached 561 million tons, an increase of 9.1 per cent compared to the previous year, which was higher than the national rate of 6.4 per cent; among these, bulk cargo in the port of mother port reached 164 million tons.
The company further deepened and expanded its water transit operations by 11.4 per cent over the same period, with a rate of water transit of 16,655.2 million standard containers completed in the Ocean Hills Port area last year, representing an increase of 6.0 per cent over the same period, representing 41.1 per cent of container traffic across the port, which opened in December 2017 and will be raised in the short term.
Increased container capacity of 4 million teu, further enhancing the capacity of the deep-water port area in the mother port.
Rhetai is primarily responsible for the development of the Shanghai Long Beach project (Shanghai River City), which was transformed from the former Boshan Port Area, so that the Māori rate of the project is much higher than that of real estate companies (generally around 30%) that have taken land by means of a roll-out. After the carry-over period, real estate operations alone are expected to generate revenues and benefits for the company.
During the reporting period, the project was available for sale in an area of 9.13 million square metres, pre-sold in an area of 8.83 million square metres, and accumulated pre-sold in an area of 8.83 million square metres.
The Camp Development Ocean Road project, 55, is one of the company's four-land projects, with 73.19 per cent of the project's progress being made. The Military Industrial Road project and the Outer Space Beach project are still under construction. The Long Beach project will be carried over on a large scale over the next two years and is expected to significantly increase the company's performance.
Wang Fenghua: Master’s degree at the People’s University of China, who is currently the Executive Director of the United Securities Institute.
Xu Jialine, author of the report, who has a qualification in securities investment consulting or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels.
The analytical logic is based on the author ' s professional understanding, and the report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.