The company issued its three-quarterly report in 2019, which achieved business income of $11.327 billion, an increase of 10.14 per cent over the reporting period, a net return to the mother of $951 million, an increase of 83.84 per cent over the same period, and an increase in the value of non-repatriation to the mother. Cost falls, and performance exceeds expectations: in the first three quarters of 2019, the company accumulated life.
The production of 28.698 million tyres, an increase of 6.70 per cent over the same period, and the cumulative sale of 29,218.4 million tyres, an increase of 7.04 per cent over the same period. The firm achieved a reverse growth in production and sales, and a steady increase in profitability, under the test of the overall lowness of the domestic tyre industry.
With a new high of $4.235 billion in operating income and a net return of $444 million to the mother, the prices of corporate tyres and products increased by 5.64 per cent over the same period, while the overall prices of the main raw materials of natural rubber, synthetic rubber, carbon black and steel curtain lines fell by 6.90 per cent over the same period, together with the strong profitability of overseas production capacity.
Viet Nam’s productive capacity remains the core growth point for corporate profits: overseas production can effectively circumvent trade barriers, profitability is strong and strong, with Viet Nam’s affiliates contributing more than 60% of the company’s parent profits in the first half of the year. Considering the 2.4 million steel units/years built jointly in Viet Nam by the company and solid tyres,
Building capacity began in the first half of 2019, and the company’s level of profitability from overseas is expected to continue to rise as new capacity is released.  Launching equity incentives, with clear targets for future high growth: companies intend to implement restrictive equity incentives
It is planned that the number of restricted shares awarded will be 135 million, or 5.0 per cent of the total stock, and that the price will be awarded to 44 persons, including one Chinese gas, the Replenishment subsidiary, Sai Xayyaqian, and the annual performance appraisal will be based on net profits in 2018.
It shows the firm’s confidence in rapid and sustainable development.
The advantages of the layout highlight the fact that the giant business has opened up and that future profitability is expected to continue to increase, maintaining a “uptake” rating of the company. Downward transmission: there is a risk that a high pledge rate of major shareholders’ shares will be levelled off.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board