Performance met expectations and emerging business continued to grow at a high rate - Alumni Network (600588.sh) reported three-quarters of 2019 Corporate ratings: increase (maintenance)
Billion dollars, an increase of 10.1 per cent in the same year; long-term cloud computing and payment operations continued to grow at a high rate as a result of group structural adjustments. The company’s two emerging businesses maintained a high rate of growth: 783 million yuan in cloud services, an increase of 125.2 per cent in the same year:
Income from payment services was 419 million yuan, an increase of 374.5 per cent over the same period; Research Assistant: Luo Yunyan, a stable business with revenue of 3,246 million yuan, an increase of 0.7 per cent over the same period; and Interconnection
Net-based operations achieved income growth of $180 million per quarter, with 5.22 million clients, of which the payee-clients are qualified for portfolio investment consultancy, under a sound corporate approach to size control.
The company’s cloud transformation is progressing well, with future client size, fee rates, and client-friend network depth studies – business services are rising.
Following the digital transition, new products are moving well. The company's 19-year-old h1 research and development was rated with a friend network's annual report - a robust overall growth in performance, a cloud investment of 1,134 million yuan, a 36.46 per cent increase over the previous year, mainly in the area of cloud computing.
Half-yearly news reports from Friends Network - performance meets expectations, Cloud Industry. During the reporting period, the company will launch a friend Yosuite, Clouds, who is a growth-oriented company with a bright performance of 190819.
The quality of services continues to be optimized; nccloud-contracted clients for large enterprises outperform the end-of-life network (600588.sh) compared to 300 depths, 150 out of which over 40 per cent are new clients of the end-of-life product and contribute more than 100 million yuan.
The Division’s business service leaders are well placed to keep pace with the technological wave and are promising. Significant results have been achieved, business services have been well-developed, and future cloud computing operations are expected to continue to grow at a high rate, taking into account the volatility of financial and software operations.
The report's analytical logic is based on one's own professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects his research views and concludes that no third party is involved.
No part of my remuneration has been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendation or opinion in this report.