The third quarter of 2019 revealed that during the reporting period, the company achieved $5.09 billion in operating income, a year-on-year increase.
10.1% achieved steady growth in income from the main business. The net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies was $447 million, the cloud business grew at a high rate and the effect of the change was significant.
Business achieved revenue of 3,246 million, an increase of 0.7 per cent over the same period, which slowed the growth rate; cloud services (excluding financial cloud services) achieved revenue of 783 million, an increase of 125.2 per cent over the same period, maintaining a high growth rate. By type of operation, Saas operations grew by 161.5 per cent over the same year; Baas operations grew by 144.8 per cent over the same year; Paas grew by 28.0 per cent over the same period; daas
Growth of 91.3 per cent, overall growth in cloud operations, steady increases in the rate of renewal of business clients and unit prices, rising revenue ratios, and strong corporate changeover effects. Research and development costs have continued to increase, with significant control effects
The company's sales costs in the third quarter were 923 million, or 0.05 per cent less than in the previous quarter, and its management costs were 830 million, or 18.27 per cent less in the same year), and cloud computing as the core of the company's evolution is expected to continue to increase its research and development efforts in the future, and to optimize the nccloud, yonsuite and iuap platform products.
The company became the first corporate strategic partner in China's “Change Clouds” to achieve ecological complementarities with the understanding of its users, based on its friends' services at the end of the enterprise.
The company’s digital transformation opportunities have led to the formation of a “business digitally autonomously controlled service coalition”, which is being replaced by a national product, erp. The company also focuses on eco-strategic development, which is officially launched in three quarters, iuap5.0, the company’s cloud research assistant: Rhodesian.
The company ' s position as leader of business services has been further consolidated by over 4,000 incoming partners, over 6,200 in products and services, and steady growth in market-based eco-partnerships.
In the context of the accelerated replacement of high-end erp national production, the company's business is growing rapidly, compared to the company's 19-20 current prices 67.3/50.3 times, the company, as industry leader, enjoys a valuation premium, we maintain a “recommended” evaluation period, and the efficiency of our operations is significantly improved
2. Friends Network (600588). Business performance continues to improve, cloud operations maintain high growth, cloud transformation falls short of expectations, and national production is not replaced.
Summary of data projections for corporate financial statements Summary of data projections for corporate financial statements Summary of data projections for corporate capital, Chief of the Education & Small and Medium Disk & Computer Industry of the Human Life Institute, joined the Institute of Civil Securities in 2019, and Master of Financial Sciences, Shanghai Foreign Economic & Trade University Author, with qualification or considerable professional competence in securities investment advice, awarded by the Chinese Securities Association, to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,