Use of Friends Network (600588), performance growth is on track, cloud operations are on high-speed expansion Events: use of Friends Network to publish the 3rd Quarterly Report 2019, yielding $5.09 billion in the first 3 quarters, an increase of 10.1 per cent over the previous quarter, and net profit to the mother of $447 million over the same period
In the first three quarters of 2019, the Department firmly implemented a 3.0 strategy to speed up product breakthroughs, optimize the Nccloud, yonsuite and iuap cloud platform products, and actively promote corporate upswing, saas production.
In the first three quarters of 2019, q3 generated $1.696 billion, an increase of 9.96 per cent over the previous quarter, a net profit from the mother - $35 million, and a 39 per cent drop in the previous three quarters due to the impact of industry regulation on the main line of friendship.
In the first three quarters, the company ' s Māori ratio was 61.90 per cent, which is higher than the high rate of expansion of the Quinoa services and the number of customers. The company ' s non-financial cloud services in the previous three quarters generated $783 million, an increase of 125.2 per cent over the previous three quarters, representing an increase of 125.2 per cent.
By comparison, the rate of growth continues to rise. Specifically, in the last three quarters, Saas achieved 498 million yuan, an increase of 161.5 per cent; Baas achieved 167 million yuan, an increase of 144.8 per cent; Paas achieved $110 million, an increase of the same amount.
The number of clients in cloud services reached 5.220,000 a year, an increase of 760,000 compared to the same period last year. The cumulative number of paying firms was 468,400, of which the largest and medium-sized companies paid thousands of customers. The client renewal rate remained high: the rate of renewal of services in large and medium enterprises was 59.4 per cent.
The rate of renewal of micro-enterprises is 59.0%. There has been a marked increase in unit prices: the China-China Corporate Cloud Service launched a strategic alliance for digital services in enterprises, with a high number of new entrants.
As a strategic partner, the company gained strategic cooperation with such leading companies as Huaiang, the China Bank of Commerce and Industry, and the China Union.
China's Best Practices Partnership for Eco-Cooperatives and China's Best Practices Partner for Eco-Cooperatives are prizes; the company has signed a strategic cooperation agreement with the Chinese Bank of Commerce and Industry and has jointly issued the “Financial Management Cloud” products and services.
In the last three quarters, we have reached a breakthrough of 4,600 partners in the field of products and services.
We look forward to the development prospects of companies and maintain their “prudentially recommended” ratings. Risks; risks of firms falling short of expectations; risks of cloud operations developing less than expected; and risks of increased competition in the erp sector.
In May of this year, the Chinese Department of Securities Research and Development joined the Department. Qualifications. This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities.
The information and the views expressed do not form the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, and the information, opinions and opinions do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial position and specific needs of the persons to be taken from the report and do not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in the present report, taking into account their respective investment objectives, financial resources, etc.
If necessary, consult with a professional consultant on the financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters.