The growth in cloud operations continued, and the “triple” orientation inspired the future Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre Summary of the performance: the company achieved operating income of $5.01 billion in the first three quarters of 2019, an increase of 10.1 per cent over the same period;
The net return to the mother is 450 million yuan, an increase of 196.4 per cent in the same year; the net return to the mother is 170 million yuan, an increase of 36.6 per cent in the same year; corporate revenue is growing steadily and its performance is in line with market expectations.
Long, of which: 3.25 billion yuan in revenues from software operations and only 0.7 per cent in the same year-on-year growth of the domestic economy; 530 million dollars in revenues from financing operations, a 39 per cent decline in the same year: cloud operations continued to grow at a rate of more than 100 per cent while companies increased their inputs, achieving a revenue of 780 million yuan, a net gain of 125.2 per cent.
The slowdown in the net return margin was mainly due to the decline in the company ' s Māori rate and the continued high growth in the high-cumbering of the research and development costs, which inspired the future. The company ' s cloud operations, Paas, saas, Baas, daas, achieved revenues of $1.1, 4.9, 1.7, and 008 million in the previous three quarters, respectively, a 28 per cent increase, respectively.
580 million yuan, an increase of 91.3% compared to the beginning of the year, provides the basis for a high growth in subsequent operations. The company continues to push forward the cloud strategy, with high investment in cloud research and development, to publish heavy weights such as nccloud 1909, iuap 5.0, yonsuite.
The development opportunities offered to companies by digitization, domestication of products, globalization of the economy, etc., have been accompanied by integrated strategies and strategic alliances with leading enterprises such as Hua, Connect, Business and Banking, working to advance businesses and actively develop a business services biosphere.
In the next three years, the net return to the mother will have a combined growth rate of 35.1%. Given the fact that the company is a leader in domestic business, and that the cloud platform’s ecology is gradually being perfected under the friendly 3.0 strategy, we have a long-term vision of corporate development and maintenance of the “growth” rating.
Friends Network (600588), performance overperformance, cloud industry 2. Friends Network (600588), cloud computing core assets, assuming 1: based on data from the Institute of Forward-looking Industries, the domestic market for erp software was 26.5 billion in 2018.
The company’s software business is affected by the downward pressure of the domestic economy, while most of the clients currently contracted by the company’s nccloud product are transformed by their old customers, so that the company’s software business growth will decline.
Assumption 2: The company ' s cloud products, nccloud 1903, were launched in the first half of 2019 for large enterprises and are now well promoted, with more than 100 large clients contracted, while the company strengthened its eco-strategic layout and worked with the Chinese giants, which, driven by synergies, are expected to sustain high growth in cloud operations.
Scenario 3: financial operations consist mainly of billing and p2p treasury operations (which accounted for respectively for the first half of 2019 and are expected to maintain strong regulation in the future, with some impact on corporate financial operations, but with faster growth in payment operations, with a 374.5 per cent increase in the previous three quarters;
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.