Downstream customers are showing strong product structure, downstream clients are showing strong and fast growth in profitability. 1) End of income: 3,509 million dollars in 2024q3 and 1. Starwoo shares (601799.sh) series of points one: quality
Project booster traffic taps continued to hit 2024/08/2024q3 with the same ring performance of downstream customers such as Cyrus, Ideas, Chirre, new project launch + customer review: 2023h1 performance exceeded expectations and new energy clients were released
3. In-depth report on the share of Starwoos (601799.sh): product uplifts, rapid reminders of the same-year ratio, increases at a higher rate than returns, mainly government subsidies that account for non-recurring gains and losses
The lead-up to and after m9. The lead-up to m9. The lead-up to m9.
In February 2024, Cyrus officially opened the question line m9 delivery, and since April, asked it to be the first to be sold in luxury cars of more than $500,000.
2024q2, with a sales volume of 482,000 and a sales volume of 40.2 million and a ring ratio of 350.30 per cent; and 2024q3, with a sales volume of 496,000 and a sales volume of +2.41 per cent, continued to climb, becoming a strong driver of corporate income growth and promising to sustain corporate performance.
As an important part of the auto body, the lamp is one of the high-quality lanes for car parts. The technology changes in the lamp constantly increase its value, with a single large lamp on the technological path of “halogen, nitro, leptium, led, adb, dlp” and corresponding technological changes in the control area.
The price has been raised from hundreds of dollars to thousands of dollars, and the value of the new technology has been rising rapidly. In the first half of 2024, the company has taken over 38 new vehicle-type research and development projects, currently including dlp slides based on dmd technology, technology based on microled technology.
hd Lighting and projecting smart prelights, pixel-based interactive displays based on microlled/miniled technologies Lights, smart digital grids/digital bumpers based on innovative materials and light-source technologies, lamps controllers hcm/rcm/lcu, and sensor car lights self-closed loop systems.
Investment advice: high-quality headlights, joint brand supply chain plus autonomous brand supply chain. \triangleright
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.