The mango super-movement is stable and deep-drawn content leads to a sustained increase in performance - Mango super-movement is reported in 2021 semi-annual reviews. H1 mangotv's Internet video business continued to grow robustly in 2021 and generated $5,898 million in revenue.
On the advertising side, driven by the company’s head, ip, Xingyun, and the head show, advertising revenue was 3,142 million yuan, an increase of 74.75 per cent; Sister 2 was the largest single-account recruit in the first half of the year. On the membership side, income was 1,745 million yuan, an increase of 23.05 per cent, and the slowdown was attributed to the same period last year.
The next stop is Happiness. The monsoon theatre drives users to break the circle, and the male users of Wolfhunters are more than 300 million households. In 2021, H2 mangotv will be on the line with a number of popular art and high-quality dramas, including Bro, which are expected to lead to an increase in its members’ income and will achieve its goal of 50 million members throughout the year.
• The stock of the polyclinic is rich, with $4.5 billion in steady growth in content-building operations, 79 dramas (23 miniaturs) in 21-h1 online, and the short- and medium-time monsoon theatre, linked by the network, has been well received by the industry and its audience.
68,000 people participated in the peas petrel score of 8.9. The company maintained a high standard of production, while the monsoon plan continued to enhance its ability to gather, and it is expected that the 22-year monsoon plan will become more visible. At the same time, an increase of $4 billion in the $4.5 billion set on 11 August will be used to expand the content base to take into account the high standards and sustainability of the company’s content.
• The new Mandarin company, which has become more rich in mango ecology. The scenery and the secret room have been out of the way.
Toip’s advantage can be expected, and the Mangom-City flagship has become a new web-red-carded landmark. The company’s collaboration with China and China will be explored in large-screen content, platform-backed license plates, etc. The company’s performance continues to grow high in the first quarter and continues to be considered excellent.
The strategy is clear, the new track is on track, ecological cooperation is ongoing and will contribute to future performance growth.
" 20 years of performance equal to 69.79 per cent for 21 years " . Companies have excellent mechanisms and management teams, continuous excellence, clear strategic planning and implementation.
The division should be at least 40 times the centre of value. We look forward to corporate development and maintain a “strongly recommended” rating.
The q3 net profit from mother-to-child ratio increased by 197.41 per cent, with a steady increase in Internet video business of 21h1 and a steady increase in the number of businesses. Mango tv advertising business in the first half of 2021, which generated 21h1 advertising revenue of 3,142 million yuan, an increase of 74.75 per cent.
The main drivers of the significant increase in advertising revenue are the company’s head ip, Cong-Yo, and the head philanthropy. The persistence of the best advertising content in the design makes it possible to boost branding while at the same time providing it. For example, "Sister 2 on the Wind" has been the largest single project in the last six months.
There has been a steady increase in the number of commercial vendors, such as The Secret Room Break 3 and a significant increase in sales at the Dsp, Igrp Camps. In the second half of the year, the Director of The Bros of the Braced was well-performing, and he was well-placed, with a large number of publicitys about the association, the exclusives, and the partners in Kyoto. In addition, the follow-up to Big Brother was very strong.
In the company’s view, the advertising bottleneck period is expected to be between 8 and 10 billion and there is room for future growth. The monsoon theatre drives users to break through, and members’ incomes are expected to grow high in the second half of the year.
The current income of $1,745 million, an increase of 23.05 per cent, is due mainly to the lifting of funds such as Happiness, Under the Coats, and others during the same period last year. The average annual card user ratio has increased by 7 percentage points, while the monthly user ratio has remained stable.
The market for female and male users, the monsoon theatre, drives users to break the circle, and male users of the Wolf Hunters, who have been on the line for the first half of the year, have a preference of 170 tgi.
In the first half of 2021, operators received $1,011 million, an increase of 38.63 per cent over the previous year, which was a strong increase. By enhancing their fine management and product creation, the company continuously enhances its user value, and the provincial operations rely on short-wire video partitioning to create local features.
The matrix, which combines out-of-provincial operations with the National Broadband and Operators to explore the construction of a large-screen advertising coalition project, and the ott Business, which focuses on the channel of power producers and their deep integration with the resources of the producers. The coverage and large-scale growth potential of the 31 provincial districts where the company operators operate is over 300 million households.
2 - The stock of the polyclimatic series is rich, with $4.5 billion in steady growth in content-building. The monsoon theatre short shows are well received, and the platform is well-structured. The 21h1 company’s new media interactive entertainment industry generated 985 million yuan, or 18.51 per cent.
The team and 30 strategic studios of the New Man Plan, which were set up in the first half of the year in 79 dramas, 23 of which were miniscule. The short- and medium-script monsoon theatre, which was linked to the network, maintained high quality content at a higher single cost, with the aim of building industry poles, followed by Wolf Hunters, "I'm good in other parts of the country."
In this case, Wolfhunters targeted an increase in the number of male users, with a male audience of 82.57 per cent according to the bone media, and "I'm good in my hometown" with a 90,000 pea petal rating of 8.3.
As the first national production video series introduced by Netflix this year, 8090 explores new directions in the subject of old age, setting out the "Don't Disturb Me." The company believes that the film market is highly marketed, and that it takes three to five years of research and development for good scripts.
In addition, the copyright protection policy is balancing the threat of uneven long video regulation, and companies believe that the impact from short video is expected to slow down. Not to actively set up the microscopic track, but to adhere to the strategy of “theatrical + refined + creators,” platform content.
Figure 5: Mango Supermomental Seasonal Theatres representing the episode of Mango SuperMechanic Reserves.
The status of the production platform, with its 20 home-made teams of high-quality philanthropy programmes, has been developed and developed in the context of the N generation optimisation and the new philanthropy. " Sisters of the Wind" 2 continues the phenomenon-level social discourse, and "Star Detective 6" "Scope 3" maintains a high-quality programme quality and a very high degree of advertising power. In recent years, the heat of the philanthropy has attracted a variety of attractions.
The big platform, which has been staged for 21 years, is far worse than the "Star Detectives" of the Old Actor, whose 68,000 participants in the sixth season were awarded 8.9 points, far more than the miraculous Enquiry (5.1 points) and the strange playbooks (7.1 points), and is in a strong position to continue to be "suspended" on the platform.
In the next year, two major innovative art projects are planned, and spending on the arts is expected to increase by 10%, with the company’s leading edge in the production of the arts.
Figure 6: Mango supermoderator 2021h1 stands for polymagnetism, mango supermoderated stockings, targeting new entertainment outlets, where users are becoming more sticky.
The company has accumulated a large number of members who are eager to decipher the scenes, and has developed a screenplaying cloud platform that combines downstream view entertainment brands. Three months of Mangom-City.
The Mango m-city viewing industry is expected to land on the country’s core cities in the future, and Shanghai and Chengdu are expected to open in the second half of this year; and Shanghai’s "Class Breaking Out" scenario is under way and is expected to open in the course of the year.
Unlike simple script sales, companies view the huge market potential of offline real entertainment in the z generation, with the aim of building up their brand direct shops and increasing user sticky. By grasping the dominant advantage of the art of reasoning, exploring online-to-line connections and taking advantage of the new track offers new possibilities for profit.
On August 11, the company showed up and raised a total of $4.5 billion from three issuers. According to the announcement, $4 billion of this amount will be spent on content database expansion projects, including the purchase of Internet exclusive copyright and home-made (including six S-level video shows)
A further $500 million will be spent on the Mangotv Smart Audio-Visual Media Services Platform project.
The company, as a party agent, enjoys significant opportunities for media integration, and this increase will further strengthen content and copyright expansion.
Building up to see the growth and development of content operations in the future.3 On the other hand, strategies such as Mandarin, View and Entertainment are on track, and mobile eco-cooperatives will generate revenues of $931 million for the 2021h1 company content electrician business, a decrease of 2.36 per cent on the other hand.
On the other hand, on the other hand, on the basis of the company president's advantage of video content, small Mansword power providers continue to optimise six digits per day and actively explore building options.
Home creation, kol creation, and pip content professional pyramid links, creating a new model of content+community+electrics based on the ip matrix, building a new model with content+community+electrics at its core.
The online Bureau, working in partnership with the Underline View and Entertainment, concentrates on attracting users. Through the new track, explores new growth poles in business development, content power providers create a stronger mango ecology.
In the development of ip derivatives, companies operate on the basis of merit, and the formal layout of the landscape interactive entertainment industry. The bottom of the line, which is represented by script killing and flight, is centred on the ip industry, which has great market potential among young people, as the secret room escapes.
The branch is expected to be close to $20 billion this year, with a likely higher rate of growth next year, with a better input output than the industry is, with Mango having multiple advantages in ip brands, dual platform announcements, and star performers, and it's expected to play a role in these pits.
With its derivatives, the company has accumulated a large number of protégés interested in deciphering the scene, and has developed a script to kill the business. The cloud platform combines downstream viewing and entertainment brands.
The Mangom-City Long Sha Flag Shop, which quickly jumped to the top of the list of new landmarks in March, and became the top of the list. The Mangom-City viewing industry project is expected to land on the country’s core cities in the future, and Shanghai and Chengdu are expected to open in the second half of the year; the Shanghai Secret Room Breakout project is also under way.
For the scheme, unlike simple script sales, Mango aims to create its own branding and direct business, increasing user sticky, by building up a large number of scripts and scripts, business teams, and is expected to update the subject and script every 2-3 months, and will open up the association to expand the line of business.
The advantage is that Mango is exploring the online and offline mode, taking advantage of the new track, offering new opportunities for profit. The viewing entertainment “Mangom-City” Longsa Flag Shop is hot, 4 profit forecasts: watch the value of the company’s mainstream media platform, and the quality of its content continues.
Now, maintaining a “highly recommended” rating has excellent mechanisms and management teams, continuous excellence, clear strategic planning and implementation. Above all, it is the centre of values. We look to corporate development and maintain a “highly recommended” rating.
Risks of regulatory change, brain drain, new projects and user fees fall short of expectations.