Heung Ruimedicineresearcherprisereport 2021 Heung Swe Medical Enterprise Study 2021
Overview label: Heung Swe Medicines, Restar Medicines, China Yun 39
The leopards are the country's leading original research content platform and new business service providers. The leopards have developed a range of products and solutions around the core objective of “helping firms to accelerate capital value extraction, upgrading and dissemination”, including database services, corporate research services, micro-valuation and fine-tuning automation products, financial advisory services, pro and ir services, and other corporate leopards are committed to building on high-quality business resource sharing, using technology such as big data, block chains and artificial intelligence, focusing on industrial focus, hot spots, and based on rich case and big data.
Through open collaborative research platforms, bringing together the wisdom of all communities to promote healthy, orderly and sustainable industrial development, four core services, Cloud Research Institute services
Sector Summit Planning, Award Selection, Industry Provision of Customized Reporting Services, Management of Businesses
Local industrial planning, incubator services, advice, strategic adjustment, etc. Reports banks and in-house research teams provide technical support services
2- Leopard Applet: Micro-Super-Screen's Search for the Head Panther, mobile phone-scan 2D reading paper 1. Simulation, simulation, innovation, Hen Swe's medicine has been new for a long time. In 2000, hen Swe's medicine was listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange, the largest anti-cancer drug and surgery in China.
Research and production bases for drug use. Throughout the history of Heung Swe medicine, the history of Heung Swe medicine has evolved from imitation to imitation and innovation to the three stages of development of Heung Swe medicine.
The Chinese pharmaceutical industry has gradually moved from an initial labour-intensive to a new technology-intensive phase: the pharmaceutical industry.
Henry’s medicine has developed a wide-ranging distribution of multi-disease areas, centred on the Kareli Pearls resistance, and has been working on the development of generics, innovations, etc., to boost the overall industrial space. At the same time, the product line of the pharmaceutical industry’s co-uses has been laid out.
Research and development inputs continue to grow. High-quality generics, innovative drugs account for a greater share of the drug market, and anti-breeding stands, Familoni and Fluffy Palli are important products of Heung Swe medicine, profiting from the growth of businesses, creating mutually reinforcing ecological closures, and promoting the continuous upgrading of the pharmaceutical industry.
Heung Swe's medicine started with drug patents, then started the path of imitation and innovation, and it became a star business through sustained growth in the field of oncology.
The acquisition, which has grown in size in the expansion of the map, although the growth path is very different, will eventually end up in a combination of diagnostics, which are star business, but which will be affected by or will decline in the future: Heung Swe, diagnostic medicine, and medical innovation. At this stage, Heung Swe’s medicine has developed into a multi-disease field, with Carrillstone at its core.
Market shares and increases of more than 30% are in star business, but as a result of clustering, future diagnostic classes are laid and joint drug-using product line layouts are implemented. Commercial products are an important support for growth in revenue collection, the largest and faster in the field of oncology.
Transition: Business income in the field of oncology is growing rapidly, and the results of the marketing of innovative products are evident.
A comparison of the growth path of the Sino-Swi medicine and the growth path of the Sino-Sino medicine.
• Research and development costs
• Business model
• swot analysis — methodology