Performance: Performance in line with market expectations, heavy load of new drug holdings (with summary of proceedings)
Huzewofa performed with 1q21 in 2020. Business income increased by 19% to 27.7 billion yuan in 2020, 2% lower than market expectations, with anti-cancer and photogenics increasing by the same amount.
Forty-four per cent and 12 per cent, while narcotic products were affected by a decline in the number of surgeries in hospitals under the epidemic, a decline of 17 per cent compared to the previous year. The company’s core innovation drug, pd-1 carrill bill, grew 326 per cent in 2020 against sales.
2%, plus 20% on the same year. 1q21 income increased by 25% on the same year to 15% on the same year. 1q20 has a low base for research and development inputs affected by the epidemic, leading to a faster rate of increase in R & D costs of 1q21. Cash flow from operating activities decreased by 1q21
87 per cent, mainly as a result of: 1) 1q20 affected by the epidemic, lower expenditure on procurement and receipt of labour, 1q21 operations returned to normal and cash outflows increased; 2) salaries of staff increased as the team model expanded; 3) increased investment in research and development; 4) currency exchange bill acceptance due to accounting adjustments
No longer recorded as cash, the cash flow for 1q21 operations is about 200 million yuan, or about 500 million yuan if the exchange bill is restored. (For more information on the proceedings, see the main text) Among the varieties, Heung Swe is concerned with the inclusion of the sulfur sulfonic ammonium injector, and Rojkain.
According to pdb data, brimonium sulfonic ammonium, rhoscane, Dositasi accounted for 12.5% of the revenue in 2020, by which he was given an acetamine (approved in January 2021) and an ammonium glon (approved in October 2020).
At the beginning of the market, the inclusion of collections helped to quickly release the amounts. Heavy pounds of medicines included Kareli Pearl Monopoly and the first national production of the parp inhibitor, Fluorine Pally. 1) Carelli Juddler added three new adaptive disorders during the year of the Carrell Anti-Cancer 2nd Line (Cancer 2nd Line, F.D.C.D.)
In March, the Kareliads policy was implemented, with retail prices falling from RMB 19,800 (200 mg) to RMB 2,928 (200 mg).
2) Fluorine Pali was approved by nmpa in December 2020 for treatment of brca mutation with re-sensitive re-ovarian cancer three lines and above, and currently 2 parp inhibitors are covered by health insurance.
The company now has four innovative drugs in the Nda stage, including two diabetic drugs, Rigretine, Shengle, and the Haetrapopa and Shr 3680 for primary immunosuppressive lesion and prostate cancer. There are four innovations.
In the clinical iii phase, including 3 drugs called miteni for the treatment of tumours, shr 6390, shr 1316 (pd-l1), and shr 4640 for the treatment of gout and urinary hemorrhosis. Internationalization is advancing steadily.
Serpentine Pally has been developing an iii clinical phase in a number of international centers. Kareli Jollo + Apadaloni in various countries and regions, with thorium Pali on the first line of the acetic acetic acetic acetylone and Phenistone tablets.
The company now has 20 products approved on Euro-American Day in the context of international drug internationalization. Non-business losses (revenues)
1. The main factors affecting performance in 2020 are equity incentive costs and R & D costs.
The same two factors affect 1q21 if the R & D cost and income increase are assumed to coincide with the 28% increase. The cost of equity incentives increased by 864% over the previous year, with little equity incentive costs for the same period last year, and 24.24% after the return of the net profit from the parent, with no return.
3. Cash flows from operating activities decreased in 2020 compared to 2019, mainly as a consequence of the fact that the Department treated the exchange bill as cash management, since all the large countries received it as bank and equity banks and were highly treatable, and therefore internal management treated it as cash management.
However, national accounting standards do not treat exchange notes as cash, thus affecting operating cash.
This decline is significant because of the low volume of procurement under the epidemic; (2) the increase in staff salaries and personnel this year; (3) the increase in research and development costs this year; and (4) the impact of the exchange bill, which has a cash flow of $199 million, which is about $500 million.
In the last year, due to the impact of the epidemic, hospital consultations were less intensive, with a 1q21 increase at a slower rate than expected. Can we break down the growth of core varieties in 2020, and the growth of 1q21 lines of operation?
By 2020, the operation was affected not only by the epidemic, but also by the first collection, which began nationwide in December 2019. The collection, which began in December 2019, affected income for the whole year 2020. The second national collection, which started in April 2020, involved companies with protein in their products.
The third batch, carried out in October and November 2020, involved the company's product of non-bussel, crochet, capitol, and almost two months of the year. The year 2020 was also marked by a three-package of different months.
The company absorbs the effects of the harvest and the epidemic by increasing the volume of new products, and last year, although the base of the epidemic was not as low as the previous 1q20, even if the cost of re-equity incentives was affected, the growth of 1q21 was only significant, and it had an impact on the speed of sales growth. Tomi right was set to be a 2 billion-dollar species for Heung Swe.
Five varieties of O, F, F, and others sell close to 4 billion dollars. 1q21 was affected by the collection, on the one hand, and pd-1, on March 1, by the implementation of a guaranteed price for health care, which fell from RMB 198,000 to RMB 2928.
Since March 1, all sales have come from new patients, and the impact of two collections and pd-1 price reductions has led to negative quarterly growth and will depend on new products for the future. q2: The progress of core R&D projects and the outlook for investment in R&D costs this year.
The collectors can't control it, and the innovation medicine will contribute more and more to sales in the future. There are seven innovations in the market. Carrellbills need to expand their adaptations, add labels, to cover their health insurance coverage. The focus will be on which products will be labeled next year, or for new uses, to allow sales to grow as expected.
New products are expected to be marketed in 2021: 1) Haetrapopa. Market access through small pathologies, haemorrhage, large clinical reports, a high number of patients with chronic immunoplasma reduction, 2) Rigretine, 3) Hengles net. 33 compounds, 3 new.
Molecular entity. On extended adaptive disorders, Carrellbill will be able to take at least four new labels this year: nasal 1-line, 2-line, stair cancer, inhibition of blood vessels. Fluorine Pali has a lot of adaptive conditions, and ovarian cancer 2 lines treats new adaptive conditions.
China's cdk4/6 inhibitor in 2022 is expected to be approved in the first quarter. Shr 1316 treats small cells and lung cancer is expected to be approved in 3q22. Shr 3680 also makes a difference. It is expected that after 2022, one new molecular entity will be placed on the market every year.
In the past two years, a lot of work has been done in overseas clinics, and this year we're going to declare the first fda bla in Europe and the United States of America, where we're working on the ii. In addition, Gitney is doing her2 mutations of non-small cell lung cancer iii. Pd-1 and Apateni are treating liver cancers.
Do it, just in terms of costs and exercise teams, starting with small varieties. Abitrom's treatment of prostate cancer is in the middle of an international multi-centre clinical process. The company's new product now starts co-mixing the bed from issue one. And the company bd saw 5,000 last year. The focus is now on later products, 2019.
All of the products started to be introduced are later products, and the sales team needs more later products. The co-operative pi3k inhibitor with the pharmaceutical industry is a good supplement to the blood tumor, we have btk inhibitor, and we have an ezh2 inhibitor. Henry's more open-minded, and both home-grown and overseas good products are willing to work together.
q3: The four-quarter statement of accounts receivable plus accounts receivable financing is the reason for the higher increase in the three-quarters of accounts receivable financing, which was the previous bank exchange bill, which was re-analysed by the company in accordance with the financial instruments guidelines.
Cash is targeted and financial assets are sold, so the receivable notes have been transferred to the bill of receivable settlement, due to the cash problems of many commercial companies in the last year's epidemic, and the bill of sale has been increased. Although the bill of settlement has increased, the bill of credit is better controlled.
The funds are managed by four major banks, dealers, the Post Office Bank, and 12 equity banks, which carry new prices in March q4:pd-1 and how to deal with the accounting for deliveries to channels, as confirmed by the arrival of drugs in commercial sellers.
To clients, Heung-seo's client is a business company. The price difference between the old and the new prices, the accounting treatment of the land resumed, is not a one-time treatment.q5: The company is looking for a bla overseas business promotion program?
Erica + Apadeni’s clinical treatment for liver cancer will be completed by the end of this year, and a listing application will be submitted to fda. Recruitment for the US commercial team has already begun.
q6: First quarter r&d is growing faster, where's the extra money going?
There are 1,500 people and there are over 500 people in the two clinical sections. Last Saturday (16 April) in Hangzhou, cdk4/6 the preparations for an auxiliary treatment, depending on the problem-free survival rate, with 4,500 people clinically for eight years. If this is not done, the market will have problems in the future.
In the process of discovery, the current trend is to move ahead with the target, the greater the risk, and the number of projects.
This control is good, but the cost of r&d is still increasing. Companies achieve cost control by implementing internal processes. Companies will be able to adjust project importance at any time in the future, because of the number of projects and the presence of more than 50 compounds. In general, pre-clinical and clinical costs are increasing, but they are increasing more than they are.
There's an increase in the number of projects under study because of the fact that clinical research has been growing overseas. In addition, clinical research has been part of a long cycle, with many more projects coming in and fewer going out. Erica, though already on the market, has been working on more than 30 clinical studies, which, on the one hand, have been able to link up with other product lines in Heung Swe and, on the other hand, has been very successful.
q7: What are the future priorities for R & D? How efficient are R & D investments abroad?
What is the future effect of the node? What is the future size of the total R & D investment?
He's got a disease profile. The company has a profile in diabetes, 100 million diabetes patients in China, and a high mortality rate for cardiovascular diseases. The company has a complete layout in the area of cadio-metabolicdisese.
The product, the company wants to make the franchise (product line) through these two products, so that the insulin, hypervelocity and super-long-acting insulin, glp-1 and insulin can form a product mix, some haemorrhage such as pcks-9, and some high-glycerine products for the Chinese, all of which are surrounded.
Cardiovascular metabolic diseases are laid out. There are more advanced projects in the company, with fewer competitors, both within and outside the country, and, of course, at risk. Cardiovascular metabolic diseases are a priority. The second area of focus is autoimmune diseases, and there are layouts for skin and respiratory diseases, for example.
The antibodies of white vermin 5 and 4 are very effective for specific skin inflammation. Other things like pain management, they need to be supplemented by new products, mitochone receptors, kappa receptor agonists, and human-favour medicine. In addition, there are new antivirs, and Hpv and hev are doing the same thing.
There are other products, like osteoporosis. Companies’ layouts in the area of slow disease are still quite numerous.
It took nine years to do the bioadc, and then a series of new molecules went to the clinic. Shr1811 was doing it at the same time, confident that it was a bast-in-class. Today, simple antibodies are done by every drug company, but henry is doing well in making multiple antibodies and generating new pharmacology.
Other pharmaceutical companies like nucleic acid are doing it, and they'll produce it in the future. Small molecular product companies, too, have not lost it. Many of the targets can't be solved by traditional methods, and they can be resolved in the future. It takes a lot of input and patience to do these platforms, and if they have a technology platform, they'll meet new targets.
There are advantages in time, such as the biontechmrna vaccine, which was not intended for vaccines, but which happened to covid-19, because there was a technological platform for the vaccine to be produced very quickly. With regard to the amount of money that will be spent on future research and development, it will take an infinite amount of money to do it at this stage, but it will be worth it.
It's not possible in reality. The new phase of companies will take new steps to solve the problem of rapid growth. In spite of the recent high level of international investment, there is no future without input.
q8: What are the different strategies for overseas propulsion?
In unregulated markets, like South-East Asia and South America, there's a license to sell. You may know Zebutuney can sell $50 million, and it's good to have $50 to $200 million for a product overseas, and it's important to improve capabilities in the process. Most clinical data are generated.
In China, a small part comes from abroad, and the cost of R & D can be minimized. The same applies to the factorxi, whether it is the p2y12 inhibitor or the fetorxa inhibitor, the advantage is that it is resistant to condensation, and the risk of bleeding is very low.
A truly expensive overseas clinic is like a pd-1 apadaloni, followed by an abitlon-parp-like clinic for 700-800 people, with a lot of money spent on drug-control procurement. The company has a lot of clinical issues that have yet to be revealed, and it is now possible to spend 120 billion yuan in overseas ii.
q9:cdk4/6 launched a larger clinic, recruiting 4,500 people for eight years. Pfizer's ibrance failed in two large iiis last year to this year.
But we also see the success of abemaciclib, who has the advantage of breast cancer in Hing-Swe’s science room, and how to think about clinical design. The first introduction of cdk4/6 is the fourth, the fifth, and only two are listed in China.
The success is due to an absolutely strict selection of patients, which is done by high-risk patients. The clinical stages wait for the patient’s choice.
There are few choices, which are crucial in the patient’s choice. q10:merck’s pd-1 and tgf-beta are under pressure on top-to-head keytruda, and HUNRY’s pd-l1 and tgf-beta are critical in adaptive selection and clinical programming.
Merck grabs the market of keytruda, and in a high-pd-l1, one of the pd-l1 antibodies can do that. Henry doesn't do this clinical thing, we do it at once, and we see which tumor is the most sensitive. Carrelli is already a mature product. Why do you do this?
Bed, because pd-1 depends on whether the response time is longer, less effective, more moderate, and longer. Second, whether the drug is still valid for a patient who is resistant. Third, whether the immunosuppressive tumours after adding tgf-beta are more effective than pd-1 and pd-l1.
One-line Nsclc's adaptive, but single or combo. The company's future is more liberal, because it can work with Afaldeni, Farmitoni, Whitesil, Apalynes U.S.P.I.
q11: pd-1 capatoni is expected to be marketed in the US for liver cancer?
Mercerton is doing the same thing, and he's still a competitor. If the US market gets down, the price is higher than the Chinese market. If the fda approval is obtained, there may be sales space in other markets, including unregulated, non-mature markets.
Whitewealth 17 will be on the market, and the United States will need two ii. ii Global Multicentrism Clinical Trials are good data, iii will be done together in the United States, China, and one less in the United States.
A few patients, the costs can be reduced, and fda can endorse China's data. Jak1 is licensed abroad for arcutis, and we're doing domestic skin disease. The clinical data on ulcitis, ulcance uc are good. These are expensive, but there's a lot to do at many international centres. Rheumatic arthritis, strong straight spinal disease.
We have to produce more data. The two products are good. And, for products like whitestore 5, access to clinical data from Western patients will be useful for future self-profiling or collaborative development.
q13: Is the fall in sales costs in the first quarter a seasonal impact? 19% of the operating income in the first quarter, and future R & D will protect priority varieties, and companies will have to balance profit returns. There will be a little more clinical coverage abroad in these years.
q14:pd-1’s annual sales team stimulates this piece. 8 pd-1 and pd-l1 in the country, all pre-immunisation moves. These companies are expanding the pd-
Market 1. In the market expansion of pd-1, how companies get their share, and at the present stage, Heung Swe has the advantage of health insurance, which allows more patients to use medication. Health insurance, distribution networks, and extension of coverage is the company’s advantage. Moreover, pd-1 is continuously generating new data, and although no labels are being produced, it will expand the clinical landscape in the future.
q15: Internationalization is not being pushed in these two years, and what is the current recruitment of personnel in the European Clinical Centers? Is it possible to invest in research and development?
Heung Swe wanted to take high-quality generics overseas. Research and development abroad used to rely on cro, but in the long run it needed to have its own operational team, clinical research and development team, and now there are more than 100 people. The Eurogroup will also increase its numbers in the future.
Now what we're doing is getting new. The international perspective has seen results, and there's more room for growth in the future. For R&D inputs, the strategy is robust, and without compromising R& D, it's not easy to spend it.
q16:pd-1 implementation of health insurance prices and the impact of the fifth batch on sales earnings and profits, are there more pressure next year?
Accumulated ammonium, which sells about 5 billion dollars a year. According to practice, the winning bid gives companies four months to prepare and produce, thus affecting the quarter of the year. The impact of the collection will be even greater next year.
There are new varieties on the market next year, including co-operative pi3k inhibitors in the pharmaceutical industry, and two diabetic products. Although generics have been introduced into the market, some of the typical generics have been approved this year, and there is a large market for new generics, for example.
Sodium McCorbinol has just been approved, and next year's Tecmos will be approved, and there will be new products coming into the market in the field of kidney disease. The national talks didn't work out last year.
Innovative products continue to grow in volume, and new ones are on the market. It is difficult in the next two years, as in the case of generic drugs, which are still on the rise, but there is confidence that this year’s performance will grow steadily. With the approval of new products, product restructuring will lead to higher quality growth in the years to come.
What kind of stocks are there? Pi3k can now be declared and approved next year. Hopes that generic exports have developed well, and that the growth of generics in regulated markets like the United States is not ideal.
Two commercial teams, one specializing in innovative drugs, are also considering whether some 505b2 formulations can be co-ordinated with existing generics. The 505b2 stock, at least five varieties, has not yet been made public.
505b2, improved absorption, improved safety by lowering cmax (peak concentration), and slow release of solid formulations were similar examples. q18: Last year, a group of biologists were recruited to do what?
Biologists are the short list of Chinese companies that have been introduced over the past few years, mainly in the fields of cardiometapolism and immunology. Last year, the epidemic was difficult to recruit from abroad, hoping to bring in more disease and biologists this fall, who have more than five years of experience in drug companies abroad.
With regard to internationalized varieties, what products can be used as me-too, and what targets are available to beest-in-class, the recipients of this report, by accepting this report (including any relevant annexes), have indicated and assured their right to this report under the following conditions and have agreed to accept it.
Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the law. This report is based on the production of group information and other publicly available information by the Card Corps-Phoshi International Securities Co. Ltd., which engages in activities regulated by the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong) in the first category (Systems Trading) and in the fourth category (Providing an Opinion on Securities).
This report is not intended to be an offer or offer for the purchase or sale of any securities or related financial instruments. You shall not interpret the content of this report as an exclusive matter for legal, tax, accounting or investment matters.
The information and comments in this report are made on a date indicated in the document, may be modified without notice, and may not necessarily be updated to reflect the progress that has taken place since the date of the document. The report does not contain all the information that the company may require, and you should not merely make investments, withdrawals or other investments based on the information in this report.
In addition to the historical data presentation, this report may contain forward-looking statements involving a variety of risks and uncertainties, which may be based on assumptions and be limited to significant risks and uncertainties. The views, recommendations, recommendations and opinions in this report do not necessarily reflect the position of Pil-Sing International Securities.
The Division (collectively "Pulang International") and/or its directors and/or employees may hold securities of the companies described in this report or in the companies concerned and may from time to time buy and sell.