Heung Swe Medicines (600276) 20,04,2021 20,202020Hing Swe Medicines 2020 and 2021q1 Quarterly Review
596.1 billion yuan, an increase of 19.73 per cent over the same period; at the same time, the company announcement 2021q1 quarterly reports achieved a revenue of 6,929 million yuan during the reporting period, an increase of 25.37 per cent over the same period, a net profit of 1,497 million yuan to the mother, and a quarterly acceleration in corporate performance despite the impact of the epidemic.
Euros, 19.09 per cent higher than the same year, compared with companies in 2018, 2019 at 25.89 per cent and 33.80 per cent, and 2021q1 performed slightly less than expected, mainly by amortizing R & D costs and equity incentive costs of 2,021q1 at $6,929 million, an increase of 25.37 per cent compared with market expectations.
Report on the Strategy for the Pharmaceutical Bioindustry 2021: Study of the Dollar Securities Corporation-Hing Swe Medicines (600276), Quarterly Review of 2020: q3 performance accelerates, largely in line with expectations
The net cash flow from operating activities decreased by 87.09% on a year-on-year basis, mainly as a result of higher expenditure on R & D costs during the current season and an increase in advance payments for materials, which are expected to be matched throughout the year.
The company’s innovation drugs are gradually entering harvest, Karelijum, Apateni and Gialyni are expected to take advantage of the scarcity of the drug, and the power of the pipeline is gradually emerging, maintaining the “buy-in” rating.
Liu Hyemin's new product is not as clinically and as approved as expected; the amount of health care products is not as available as expected; the volume procurement, health insurance negotiations, is reduced by more than expected: the quantity of range purchased is not as available as expected: the cost of health care control is higher than anticipated.
Without fear of the epidemic, recovery accelerates on a seasonal basis, although affected by the epidemic, the company’s performance accelerates on a quarterly basis. In 2020, 27,735 million yuan was collected, a year-on-year recovery and acceleration. Cost controls are reasonable, with sales costs, management costs, research and development costs and financial costs split in 2020.
The net cash flow from operating activities decreased by 87.09 per cent on the same basis, mainly due to higher expenditure on research and development costs during the current season and an increase in advance payments for materials, and is expected to match the growth in revenues and profits throughout the year.
Disaggregated, anti-cancer, anaesthesia, cinematography, and other operational plates contribute $15,258 million, respectively. Oncology lines benefit from the most rigid demand and add up to the fast-discharge of the Carreella slate approved for new adaptive disorders, with sales of violet sapol (protein combination) increased significantly by 174.11%, with the corresponding income projected to be
1.1 billion dollars, thanks to the second batch of collateral purchases, increased sales by 326.42% in injection against formal sales in the second half of 2019, with corresponding revenues estimated at $4.8 billion. The company product is injected with purple supreme (teprotein combination) and carrelei against the 2020 health-care negotiations is included in the catalogue.
Formally implemented on 1 March 2021, it is expected that two major products will be further scaled up for price swaps. R & D pipelines will progress steadily in 2020 and products will continue to be delivered steadily.
And 82 clinical batches of innovative medicines, 2 clinical batches of generic medicines, three varieties of consistent evaluation batches, and 5 product consistency evaluation declarations. Companies have increased their attractiveness to innovative talent, bringing together more than 200 PhD students and more than 100 in 2020.
More than 400 core skilled people have learned their jobs overseas. The company has improved its competency models, such as research and development, marketing, etc., and has developed a systematic career development system that provides a clear development path for talent development. (1) Six batches of innovative agents (i.e. new products or new adaptive disorders) have been produced: three new large ones have been awarded to Carrijo.
Responsive disorders (hepatic cancer, cavity cancer, non-septic nsclc); Rama Xalun's release to the market on the basis of “static gastroscopy” and subsequent approval of a new analytic “colonoscopic sedentary”; the conditional approval granted by Caldini in 2018 was officially converted to full approval in July 2020 and a supplement to the revised instructions was approved.
(2) The old line of tubes moved smoothly to the back end: three-line nasal cancers, including Karelijut, entered the application stage for listing, were included in the priority review, several drug combinations and adaptive lines were successfully advanced, and the Apadaloni liver cancer adaptation service was in the application stage for listing, and a technical review was completed, with multiple adaptive disorders entering phase 3.
(3) New clinical approvals: since 2020, the company has opened nearly 20 new clinics, including fibres from Rima Xlan, bronchial mirrors, icu mechanical air conditioning, two new adaptive clinics, Hengles net association with Eubé Shatam ' s new adaptive type 2 diabetes kidney disease, and Fluorine Pali ' s new joint Apatoni treatment for relapses
Clinics for ovarian cancer, and for the treatment of physical tumors in the new Union Familoni, Karelijug. The newly opened clinic is expected to be followed by (4) approvals for new types of clinical treatment from 2020 to 2021q1 within and outside the country: 11 new areas, including physical tumors, late-stage malignant neoplasms, balding, liver B, post-operative pains, white wind, iga kidney disease, etc.
To date, seven of the company ' s five products have been subject to or are considered to be subject to a consistent evaluation, including Gifirani ' s production under Category 4 of the Chemical Medicines, and are considered to be subject to a generic pharmaceutical conformity evaluation. To date, in addition to Aslicon, six companies, including Henrich, have been listed.
It was also published in the 4th class, and was approved by Nmpa as the third national product through a consistency evaluation, with the remaining 2 being the garden medicine industry and the Beijing 100o pharmaceutical industry. The 2021q1 company has passed the consistency evaluation, along with the Nanjing biochemicals and the Beijing Teds, followed by other positives.
The process of internationalization has accelerated, breaking through the new ceiling, and in 2020 companies continued to scale up their internationalization strategy and actively expand overseas markets. The company’s establishment of the European Clinical Centre in Basel, Switzerland, and its further refinement of the global innovation system will help accelerate progress, including:
The company has been working with overseas projects to speed up the opening of overseas markets, and since 2020 it has been able to export three innovative pharmaceutical products overseas. Right-wing Metomi has been approved for listing and marketing in the United States.
As a further breakthrough in the Division’s process of internationalization of innovative medicines, Cartone’s two companies, Crystalgenomics and Hlblifescience, respectively, have been licensed on a reimbursable basis to further upgrade corporate innovation brands and overseas performance. With regard to internationalization of generics, right-wing methomic sodium chloride injections have been approved for sale in the United States, and companies already include.
Temporary approval in the United States: 4 applications for the registration of raw materials were submitted to the United States fda during the reporting period, 1 application was submitted to Australia for listing, and other emerging markets are gradually strengthening their registration. With regard to the internationalization of innovative medicines, many of the company’s products are currently allowed to conduct global multi-centre or regional clinical studies,
In terms of innovative overseas exports, each of the Kareli Pearls resistance, thorani, and shr-1701 projects was licensed during the reporting period to Crystalgenomics, Hlb-ls, and East Asia Pharmaceuticals, and will be further developed.
In the future, companies will continue to collaborate on overseas projects to speed up offshore market openings, and strive for the early realization of overseas marketing of innovative medicines, allowing companies to innovate to serve patients worldwide. Corporate innovation drugs are gradually entering harvest, Carrilyadult, Apadaloni, and so forth are expected to benefit from health care and adaptation.
The response has increased its performance, and the overseas breakthrough has been gradual. We expect the company to realize a net return profit of 21-23 years as a new product with less than anticipated clinical and approvals; less than expected amounts of health-care products; more than expected reductions in procurement, health-care negotiations; less than expected amounts of procurement varieties; and higher than expected costs of health-care control.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report were based on compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly reflects my research views and makes reasonable judgements that lead to conclusions that are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.I.S.S.C. has the qualifications for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.C.C.
A basic form of enquiry is the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related effects of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, etc.