Silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silivs si si silivium silivium silivium si silivium silivium silivium silivium silivium si silivium silivium silivium siliium silivium silivium silivium suran silivium suran suran suran
\triangleright focuses on the development, production and sale of 8/12 inches of semiconductor silicon, the silicon industry's holdings in Shanghai, the new Xuco technology, and the kmetic subsidiaries. After years of development, the silicon industry has become the largest in China.
One of the semiconductor silicon millers, and the first to produce 12 inches of semiconductor silicon silicon mass. The company’s main products include 8 inches and below, semiconductor polishing, extrapolated silicon silicon silica, and 12 inches of polishing, extrapolated silica, all of which have been delivered in bulk to major crystal manufacturing plants at home and abroad.
The demand for semiconductor silicon is strong, and the industry continues to move up. Since the second half of 2020, the global demand for semiconductors has continued, driven by industries such as 5g, \triangleright high performance calculations, motor motorization and intelligence, and the network of things.
More than 7.5 million pieces per month of inch crystals are needed. To address the chip shortage, the crystal mills are continuing to expand the global supply of silicone, which is not enough, based on Semi, and will start construction of 29 new high-capacity crystal mills in 2021-2022, of which 12 inches of crystal will be the largest.
In part, 15 are expected to produce up to 2.6 million equivalent 8-inch crystals per month, and the global demand for silicon is rising further. Production capacity is growing steadily, guaranteeing domestic supply of silicon.
\triangleright successfully pulled out the first 12 inches of single crystal silicon, went through a 12-inch semiconductor silicon full process in 2017, achieved a 12-inch semiconductor silicon mass product in 2018, and filled a 12-inch semiconductor silicon in mainland China.
Industrialization gaps. In 2018, 12 inches of silicone production in the silicon industry reached 100,000 tablets per month, 150,000 in 2019, 200,000 in 2020 and 300,000 in 2021. The company ' s 8 inches and subsilic silicon are relatively mature, with capacity mainly in its subsidiaries, kmetic and neo-suspense technology.
Each quarter, the company produces about 400,000 silicons in 8 inches and below, of which 8 inches of silicone extrasilicon in new technology, about 200,000 inches per month, and 8 inches of silicone in kmetic and below, about 200,000 inches per month. A 12-inch silicone production capacity is set to be increased, and high-quality silicone taps are built.
\triangleright, now a supplier of 12 inches semiconductor silicon silicon mass production, raised a stock share from a specific target in 2021 to finance the expansion of 12 inches of semiconductor silicon and to improve the company's technology for production of 12 inches of silicon semiconductor silicon.
The 12 inches of silicon capacity that can be used for advanced production can be used in 10,000 a month, with a total planned output of 600,000 a month, and the company expects to reach the target capacity in 2024.
Given that the company is one of the largest semiconductor silicon mills in mainland China, the advanced crystal round manufacturing is leading the country in the process of verifying the progress of silicone, guaranteeing the supply of domestic semiconductor silicon, replacing the pilot semiconductor silicon national product with a significant growth over time, covering the first time and giving a “recommended” rating.
\triangleright 1  silicon industry: light of the national semiconductor silicon tablets 1.1 corporate background: light of the national semiconductor silicon tablets, replacement of the pilot silicon tablets
The silicon industry is a national semiconductor silicone plant, replacing the pilot silicon industry. The Shanghai silicon industry company, with limited shares, was established in 2015 to focus on the development, production, and sale of 8/12 inches of silicon. After years of development, the company has become one of the largest semiconductor silicone producers in mainland China and has taken the lead in achieving a 12-inch semiconductor silicon mass product.
The company’s main products include semiconductor polishers, extrapolates, soi silicon tablets, and 12 inches of semiconductor polishing tablets, extrapolates, and each product has been supplied in bulk to major crystal-crystal manufacturing plants, both inside and outside the country. The semiconductor silicon tablets are the key raw materials for the production of semiconductor devices such as integrated circuits, split devices, sensors, etc.
However, the supply of semiconductor silicon is highly import-dependent and less domestic. The silicon industry, as our semiconductor, leads the silicon industry, has a major responsibility for improving the country’s industrial safety, and companies insist on a strategic need for the country’s semiconductor industry.
In keeping with the global layout and following international cutting edges, we have broken through a number of key core technologies in the field of semiconductor silicon manufacturing, breaking our 12-inch semiconductor silicon national production rate of almost zero%. After years of aggressive pursuit, companies have become internationally competitive semiconductor silicon enterprises, not only to China-Chole International, China-Ion-Hung, Hua-Yuan, Hua-Yuan-Wee, Yang-jiang.
Storage, Wuhan new cores, etc., of silicon silicon in bulk, and also in bulk, of known crystals manufacturers outside Grovend, Engjipo, Yifa semiconductor, etc. Figure 1: Key customers of the silicon industry
In 2016, the company acquired control of the new silicon in Shanghai by means of replenishment and equity transfers, and acquired 12 inches of semiconductor silicon research and development and production capacity. In the same year, the company acquired 100% of the shares of the Finnish listed company Okmetic by means of an offer, raising the capacity of semiconductor polishers up to 8 inches and below and soi silicon production.
In 2019, the company gained control of new and proud technology, expanding its capacity to produce semiconductor extensions and soi silicon tablets in 8 inches and below. In 2020, the company went on the market to hand over its first project, ipo. In 2021, the company ' s 5 billion dollar-based programme was approved to raise funds for the development and expansion of 12 inches of high-end silicon tablets.
Figure 2: The course of the development of the silicon industry 1.2 Business income growth is steady, with 12 inches of silicon silicon falling into good ground billion yuan, 1,010 million yuan, 1,493 million yuan, 1,811 million yuan, which has been growing rapidly in comparison with the previous year; q1-q3 battalion harvests in 2021
With 66.58 per cent plus, the high rate of growth was mainly due to the strong demand in the semiconductor market in 2021, coupled with the rising capacity of companies, output and sales, figure 3: Silicon industry revenues, with 8 inches of semiconductor silicon (with soi silicon) and below, accounting for a larger share of revenue, 12 inches of silicon.
The company's products are divided into semiconductor silicon tablets (including silicon silicon silicon silicon) of 8 inches and below, 12 inches, silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon.
The income from the semiconductor silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon sultration silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silics from the main silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silic of the main sililine sili-s of the main silicon sili
The annual corporate Māori rate as a whole remained between 13 and 23 per cent, with the Māori rate for corporate ownership in 2020 being 13.1 per cent, a slight decline from 2019, mainly as a result of a slight decline in the Māori rate for company semiconductor silicons of 8 inches and below; and a net interest rate of 4.8 per cent in 2020, a positive change from 2019.
Inches and below, the semiconductor silicon silicon (including soi silicon silicon) has been focused on high-end segmentation such as mems, advanced sensors and car electronics. The market, which competes differently from the global semiconductor silicon taps, has a more stable Māori rate. The company ' s 12 inch semiconductor silicon business in 2018-2020 has a negative Māori rate, mainly because the company ' s 12 inch line construction requires substantial investment in land acquisition.
Land, plant, equipment, etc., with a higher share of fixed costs for prenatal delivery, while 12 inches of silicon production capacity is in the slope, and production and sales are low and have not yet had a scale effect.
Figure 7: Corporate profit margins The trend is decreasing year by year, with the year 2021 q1-q3 company sales rates, management rates, R & D rates, financial rate shares increasing by 55.62 per cent compared to year by year, mainly with the company ' s sustained increase of 12 inches of silicon investment in 2020.
As of 30 September 2021, the company had no shareholders and no real owners. The Shanghai Group held 22.86% of the company ' s shares in the State Integrated Circuit Industry Fund, and was listed as the first major shareholder among the company ' s shareholders.
The Shanghai Group effectively controls the Shanghai State Finance Committee, the National Investment Fund for the Integrated Circuit Industry, the Shanghai Garding Industrial Zone Development Group, and the Shanghai New Microtech Group, all of which are state-owned legal entities, and whose state-owned assets have highlighted the country’s power. The company acquired a half-direction of 8 inches and below through the reorganization of three subsidiaries of Shanghai’s new, Okmetic, and Sino-Technology holdings.
In addition, in 2020, the company joined the Shanghai Institute of Integrated Circuit Materials Ltd., the New Microgroup and the Silicon Insulation Technologies Team, which formed the New Silicon Polymeric Semiconductor Company Limited in Shanghai, and promoted the industrialization of the Silicon Insulation substrates material, with the company holding a share ratio.
As an example, 51.42%. 1.4 Research and development is strong and high-end process certification accelerates, and as a high-technology enterprise, core technology has important implications for the competitiveness of companies.
Controls of parameters such as silicon purity, oxygen content, surface particles, crystal defects, surface/body metal content, tortivity, flatness, outer-extreme resistance, homogeneity of the outer layer thickness, key-coated holes, etc. are included to produce semiconductor silicon pieces with high purity, low impurity content, high flat-tightness and specific electron properties.
After many years of continuous research and development and production practices, the company has acquired a core set of semiconductor silicon tablets, including 12 inches of semiconductor silicon, specifically single crystal growth technology, cutting technology, chemical corrosion technology, grinding technology, polishing technology, cleaning technology, outreach technology, soi technology and measurement technology.
Since its inception, the company has developed technology that is geared to the country's major needs, to the needs of its customers, and to the frontier of semiconductors. In addition, the company, as the country's “02” special” 12 inches of silicon, has been tasked with achieving 12 inches of silicon “managerable control”, constantly refining the production process of 12 inches of semiconductor silicon tablets; and the company's 8 inches of semiconductor silicon tablets and below.
High-end segmentation of market products is dominated, companies adjust process parameters for existing products or launch new products in line with customers' special requirements for silicon products and continue to maintain market advantages at high-end segmentation of semiconductor silicon tablets up to 200 mm, with annual R&D costs of 89 million yuan for q1-q3.
The company's research and development is strong, and advanced production processes are leading the country. The number of products certified for silicon tablets up to 8 inches has continued to grow. In 12 inches of silicon, the company's project " Development and Industrialization of silicon sets with an integrated 40-28nm circuit " was fully completed in September 2020 through a national 02-specific inspection.
By mid-2021, the company had completed the technical certification of 14 nm logical products for silicon tablets and had begun to deliver bulk quantities; in addition, the certification of 128 floors for silicon 3dnand silicon tablets had been successfully adopted, and 64 floors for silicon 3dnand for large quantities.
Technology is the backbone of semiconductor enterprises, the silicon industry is a talent-intensive industry, and companies value the development of the workforce. By 30 June 2021, companies had 487 R & D personnel, or 27% of the total number of companies, of whom 97, or 20%, had a strong bachelor ' s degree or higher.
Under the leadership of the company’s core technicians, Dr. Lee, Dr. Wangqingyu, and Dr. Athehaapalinna, the company has established a technological team with greater autonomy in R & D and innovation. Dr. Li is a doctor in microelectronics and solid electrons, and is currently the CEO of the company, Secretary of the Board of Directors, and Chairman of the Board of Directors in Shanghai; Dr. Wangqingyu is a physics.
Dr. chemist, Dr. Applied Physics, Executive Vice-President of the Company, General Manager of Newly Proficient Technology; Dr. athehaapalinna, Doctor of Science, and currently Senior Deputy Managing Director of Okmetic. Table 4: Corporate Core Technicians
The two-half-conductor silicon is in high demand and the industry continues to move up, with 2.1 silicon being the core raw material of the semiconductor industry, which is the main carrier of semiconductor devices, the majority of which are silicon-based devices. The silicon is the upper part of the semiconductor industry.
Raw materials, more than 90% of semiconductor chips need to be produced with semiconductor silicon chips. Downstream, mainly by processing silicon silicon, etching, ion injection, cleaning, etc., makes silicon chips into various types of semiconductor devices, such as integrated circuitics, power devices, sensors, optical electrons, etc.
Silicon is the core raw material manufactured by semiconductors, and the market size is the highest in semiconductor materials. The semiconductor manufacturing material consists mainly of silicon tablets, electronic gas, photo masks, luminous emulsions, polishing materials, luminous emulsions, wet chemicals and specking targets. According to Semi, the global market for silicon tablets in 2018 was sold at US$ 12,098 million, representing the global semiconductor manufacturing material industry.
The semiconductor silicon is a key raw material for chip manufacture, with a high technical threshold and a high level of technology-intensive industry. (1) Semiconductor silicon silicon purity requirements are high. The photovoltile silicon requires 99.9999% purity, while the silicon silicon silicon for semiconductor devices is met.
Strict purity standards, requiring a purity of up to 99.99999999 per cent, impose higher requirements for impurities control by semiconductor silicon manufacturers. (2) The light etching, etching, etc. during crystal manufacturing, have strict technical indicator requirements for silicon silicon silicon flatness, high curvity, and even thickness homogeneity, adding to the difficulty of producing semiconductor silicon silicon. (3) Semiconductor silicon-grade silicon is more demanding for silicon crystal perfection.
The semiconductor silicon silica production process is more complex and involves a larger number of process types. The semiconductor polishing process consists of the processes of crystallization, roll round, cutting, grinding, etching, polishing, cleaning, etc.; the semiconductor extension production process is mainly based on polishing.
Each process of semiconductor silicon has an impact on the quality, performance, and reliability of the finished product. Because of the high technological threshold of semiconductor silicon pure processing, the global semiconductor silicon market is dominated by a small number of large enterprises.
The top five silicon manufacturers in the world are Sink, Sumco, Globo-crystal, ksiltron, and Creature, which together account for 87% of the semiconductor silicon market. The semiconductor silicon industry started late, but it has been breaking apart in recent years.
Six inches or less of semiconductor silicon silicon, with only a handful of enterprises producing 8 inches and 12 inches of semiconductor silicon, almost all of which were imported in the country until 2017. The silicon industry subsidiary, Shanghai, took the lead in 2018 in making 12 inches of silicon volume, breaking a 12-inch semiconductor silicon national production rate of almost zero per cent in the long run.
In recent years, there has been a continuous break-in of national producers, and according to core thinking, the country has a wealth of silicone products, such as the silicon industry, the réunion, the central ring, the Chinese Qing Jing Jing Jing, the Chongqing supersilicon, and the Xian Jian Zwei.
2.2.1 The silicon is divided by silicon size, and the silicon silicon is constantly evolving to large sizes, and the semiconductor silicon is constantly moving to large sizes, under the influence of Moore's law.
8 inches) and 300 mm (12 inches) silicon silicon, which is raised in diameter to increase the size of silicon squarely, and to increase production efficiency and reduce costs, the evolution to large sizes is in the direction of semiconductor silicon manufacturing technology. The greater the size of silicon, the larger the number of chips made on silicon, and the lower the cost of the unit chip. At the same time, the larger the margin of silicon size, the smaller the loss.
Eight inches, 12 inches of large silicon are now the main silicon in crystal manufacturing. Because of the advantage of smaller silicon units of smaller sizes on large silicons, the investment in crystal manufacturing and equipment also tends to be in line with the 8 inches, the 12 inches rule.
Since 2009, 12 inches of semiconductor silicon have gradually become the dominant market for global silicon, with a marked increase in production. Since 2011, the volume of 8 inches of semiconductor silicon has been rising steadily, with 6 inches of semiconductor silicon and below accounting for a declining proportion of global silicon.
8 inches and 12 inches of silicon are still the dominant silicon sizes of the market. Currently, a few companies have been successful in producing 18 inches of semiconductor silicon, but as the current 8 inches and 12 inches of silicon are better able to meet current market requirements, and 18 inches of silicon involves a more difficult production of equipment, high fixed cost inputs, rising up and down the chain of industry.
Level 18 inches of silicone production lines have very limited power, and 8/12 inches of silicon is still the dominant size of silicon made in crystal circles. 2.2.2 The silicon solids are classified by application scenario and used in chip manufacture.
The block and the film are typically cut off from the inferior quality places on both sides of the silicon crystal bar and used mainly for debugging devices, surveillance setting, readiness, monitoring, and so on. As the process progresses, the block demand is greater than the original, according to the network data, 65 nm is produced.
The process of crystal-crystal plant requires 6 additional negatives for every 10 pieces, and the process of 28 nm and below requires 15 - 2.2.3 more, classified by manufacturing process, polished and extrapolated silicon, which, according to manufacturing process classification, undergoes different processing processes and can be made of silica, extrapolated silicon and soi silicon.
The silicon silicon material is represented by a high end. Single crystal silicon is polished after cutting, grinding and polishing, and the silica silica is sorted according to the manufacturing process.
The polishing is a silicon silicon that is formed by the polishing process of silicon blades cut off by silicon crystal bars. The polishing process removes the damaged layers left in the process surfaces, achieves a flatening of the semiconductor silicon surfaces and further reduces the roughness of the silicon surfaces to meet the requirements of chip manufacturing processes for silicon silicon silica silica level and surface particle size.
The outer stretch is a silicon silicon formed by a new silicon single crystal layer whose surfaces are silviated by chemical gas deposition, resistance, thickness, and crystal structures that meet the requirements of specific devices. The newly grown outer layer has lower oxygen content, carbon content, and defective density, which improves electrical leaks in ditches, thus increasing the reliability of integrated circuits, often used in the manufacture of cpu, cpu, and cpu.
Logical devices, such as soc. In addition, a layer of extrapolation with high resistance is grown on a recombinant low-restrictive liner, which increases the electrostatic pressure of the device and is used to make power devices. Soi silicon is silicon on insulation, with a layer of oxidation being introduced between the top silicon and the bottom of the line.
At this point, soi silicon silicon separators can achieve full media isolation, thereby significantly reducing the parasitic and electrical leakage of silicons. As semiconductive institutional processes evolve, the advantages of silicon silicon silicon silicon are becoming more and more apparent.
2.3 The demand for the semiconductor continues to be strong, and the global supply of silicon tablets is in short supply. 2.3.1 The global supply of 8 inches and the demand for 12 inches of silicon are increasing, and the end-use area varies considerably, depending on the 8 inches and 12 inches of crystal-crystal process.
Production of mature microchips such as cmos image sensors, power separation devices, mcu, simulators, power management chips, etc., with end applications mainly in automobiles, industry, smart phones, white home appliances, iot, etc. 12 inches crystal circle is used mainly to produce high-calculation logic devices, dram storage, 3dnand storage, etc., with end applications mainly in smartphones, pc, etc.
Global semiconductor demand continues to flourish, and silicon landscapes rise. Since the second half of 2020, global semiconductor demand has continued to flourish, driven by 5g mobile phones, high performance calculations, motor motorization and intelligence, and the Internet of things.
Upstream silicon demand increases. According to a report released by Semi, the global silicon crystal round was re-innovated in the second quarter of 2021, reaching 3,534 million square inches, an increase of 12% compared to the previous year. According to Sumco, the global demand for 12 inches of crystal round demand at the end of 2021 was more than 7.5 million metres per month, reaching an all-time high.
In order to address the shortage of chips, the global semiconductor manufacturers will begin construction of 29 new high-performance crystals plants in 2021-2022, of which the bulk of the 12-inch crystal is expected to be 15. These 29 crystal mills can produce up to 2.6 million equivalents of 8 inches per month.
The global supply and demand gap of 12 inches of silicon is expected to continue with the silicon plant expansion lags behind. According to Sumco, global demand for 12 inches of silicon is expected to reach 10 million in 2026, demand is growing rapidly, and silicon will be maintained in 2022-2026.
In response, the main reasons for this are: (1) silicon plant expansion lags behind the crystalline plant, and it usually takes two to three years for the new plant to become operational. Sumco, Siltronic, only announced large-scale expansion in the second half of 2021 and expected to start production in the second half of 2023, until the second quarter of 2025. Moreover, after a failed Siltronic acquisition, $3.6 billion was announced in February 2022.
The expansion plan, with new production lines expected to take place in the second half of 2023. (2) Silicon mills have been significantly expanded, and the demand for silicon production equipment has increased significantly, with a steady increase in production over a long period of time.
Due to the increasing demand for chips in applications such as auto electricization, intelligence, industry, smartphones, home appliances, etc., the market size of semiconductors such as simulators, power splits, and cos image sensors is expected to grow steadily, to 8 inches.
The growth in silicon demand provides a long-term, stable driver. According to sumco, the global demand for silicon at the end of 2021 was about 2.3.2 inches, and the demand for silicon at the end of the 2021 end was strong, leading to an increase in demand for silicon.
The 70% increase in the demand for single machine silicons led to a significant increase in the demand for silicons in the smartphone market. The main reason was the performance, quantity and storage capacity requirements of semiconductor devices such as soc, dram storage, nadflash storage, cmos image sensor, strap processing, radio front end, power management chip, etc.
As the penetration rate of the 5g cell phone rises, the smartphone market increases its demand for silicon. Sumco predicts that the global smartphone market is expected to demand more than 2.5 million silicon in 2022, and is expected to outperform the data centre in 2025, another major driver of 12 inches of silicon demand growth. With cloud services, 5g communications, ai, etc.
Global data flow growth will drive the demand for high-performance computing chips, storage chips, and ancillary chips, leading to an increase in the demand for silicon chips. According to sumco projections, the global demand for 12 inches of silicon in 2025 will exceed 1.6 million tablets per month, 2019-month.
Cagr was about 10.8% in 2025, and the increase in the penetration rate of new energy vehicles led to a significant increase in the demand for semiconductors. From a vehicle-wide perspective, Sumco estimates that the demand for silicone per vehicle for new energy vehicles would be twice as much for internal combustion vehicles.
The demand for semiconductor devices such as mcu, sensors, etc., has increased significantly compared to the demand for conventional fuel vehicles, especially those responsible for internal power output and conversion of vehicles such as igbt, mosfet, etc. As cars become more intelligent and networked, adas, cabin entertainment, and v2x have been able to calculate car chips.
The growth in autopilot levels requires growth in the numeric index level and in the number of sensor chips, such as sensors, which has led to a rapid increase in the demand for chips such as car-borne processors, ciss, storage, etc., thus driving the increase in the size of silicon for cars. As the global penetration rate of new energy vehicles increases, the automobile market is expected to become a growing global demand for silicon chips.
2.4 The demand for indigenous silicon is strong, and the demand for indigenous silicon is strong on mainland China, which is the largest consumer market for semiconductor end-products in the world, driving semiconductors.
As industrial capacity continues to shift to mainland China, Chinese and foreign semi-conductor enterprises are investing in manufacturing plants in mainland China, China’s demand for semiconductor silicons will continue to grow. According to Sumco, domestic demand currently accounts for about 6% of the global market, if it includes foreign firms in mainland China.
Producers account for about 15% of global crystal round demand, and demand will continue to rise in the future. According to core thinking, domestic crystal manufacturers will need about 1 million silicon tablets per month in 2021 and are expected to reach 1.3 to 1.4 million by 2022.
Domestic silicon manufacture is influenced by technological processes and costs, most companies can supply silicon tablets of only 6 inches and below, and only some of the domestic silicon producers currently have 8 inches and 12 inches of silicon production capacity. Domestic silicon supply markets are based on credit, sumco, and China.
For the last three years, the total share of manufacturers of the top five silicon tablets in the world has been 92,57%, 88%, and 87% respectively. Trends suggest that the total share of the top five silicone producers in the world has begun to decline gradually, that silicon producers in mainland China are expected to accelerate their squeeze under the wave of expansion.
The demand for logical chips, such as cpu, gpu, and storage chips, will gradually pass over 12 inches of silicone in the future. Six companies currently supply 12 inches of silicon in the country: silicon industry (Shanghai), Chongqing Supersilicon, Xian Jingswei, Chinese Qing Jing circle, middle ring lead, Liang Wei.
The production capacity of light tablets and extra-leaf tablets is 415,000 per month and 75,000 per month, respectively, estimated at 15.35 million per month and 235,000 per month in 2021, with rapid growth. As silicon clients have a longer certification cycle, a longer life cycle, and a longer capacity to climb, the capacity to load is created, and the actual delivery of goods takes some time, a pre-emptive advantage is available to bulk-out vendors.
With the country’s 8-inch, 12-inch silicon supplier’s capacity to release, climb up the slope, and the certification of downstream silicon producers, domestic silicon suppliers are expected to gradually increase their market share, accelerate the replacement of silicon, and secure the supply of domestic crystalline silicon. They are also expected to enter the global market in the future, changing the global supply pattern of silicon.
Producers are rising, 8 inches and 12 inches of silicon production can be spread across the country, home-grown manufacturers are emerging like rain, with 8/12 inches of polishing and extra-extension-related layouts in mainland China.
3.1 Rapidly advancing 12 inches of silicone expansion, with a pre-emptive advantage, in 2016, the company acquired 12 inches of semiconductor silicone assets through the acquisition of the new Shanghai Sioux. As the manufacturing of semiconductor silicone was made more difficult by the size of silicone, only a few semiconductor silicone taps worldwide held 12 inches of silicon.
Inch semiconductor silicon production rate is almost zero%. Shanghai was built in 2014, with the first 12-inch single crystal silicon successfully pulled out in October 2016, with 12-inch semiconductor silicon full-processed in 2017, and 12-inch semiconductor silicon massed in 2018.
It reached 150,000 units/months per year, 200,000 units/months in 2020 and 300,000 units/months in 2021.Figure 44: Silicon production expansion in the silicon industry. 12 inches of silicone production in the company continues to climb up the slope and production efficiency increases. 12 inches of semiconductor silicone in the silicon industry.
In 2017, breakthrough progress was made towards official delivery and small bulk sales; 12 inches of semiconductor silicon tablets were scaled up in 2018 Sales, with high levels of capacity utilization maintained; 12 inches of semiconductor silicon production capacity decreased significantly in 2019 compared to 2018, and 12 inches of semiconductor silicone production continued to climb in 2020 and was in the process of becoming a customer.
The capacity utilization rate increased relative to 2019; in 2021, as semiconductor demand continued to flourish, the supply of 12 inches of semiconductor silicon silicon was expected to increase. 12 inches of silicon camp revenue steadily increased, and sales unit prices fluctuated upward. In comparison to the international silicon industry giants, the company was 12 and a half inches.
The newcomers to the CSI industry are still uphill, product certification, and customer expansion. As the company's skills are up and down, the 12-inch semiconductor silicon harvests have been growing steadily, amounting to 0.25, 215, 215, 316 million yuan in 2017-2020. The 12-inch semiconductor silicon unit prices in 2017-2020 were 287, 372 and 372 respectively.
In 2016, the company acquired the Finnish silicon company Okmetic, the main product of the silicon silica silica silica silica silica silica silica and soi with a semiconductor of 8 inches and below.
Silicon, which is widely used in smart phones, portable devices, electronic devices for automobiles, object networking, etc. In 2019, the company acquired new, proud technology, the main product of which was semiconductor extensions and soi silicon silicons 8 inches and below. The company ' s semiconductor silicon silicon (including silicon silicon silicon) products, eight inches and below, were mainly directed towards the front end of the radio frequency, simulating core.
The high-end segment of the market, such as film, advanced sensors, motor electronics, and a stable partnership with a number of customers for over 10 years. As of the third quarter of 2021, the company had a capacity of about 400,000 silicons at 8 inches and below, of which 8 silicon silicon silicon silicons were about 200,000 silicons and 8 inches and below.
In addition, Soi silicon silicon expansion plans are still in place, and the company is expected to continue building on the current level of capacity growth, and the company’s 8 inches and below silicon business is more mature, with a steady increase in the unit price of both collection and sale. From 2017 to 2020, the company’s 8 inch and below semiconductor silicon camps received 668 million yuan, 794 million yuan, 1,096 million yuan, 1,227 million yuan, cagardas, etc.
22.5%. In addition, from 2017 to 2020, the sales unit price for silicon 8 inches and below was 237, 278, 291 and 3.3, respectively, strong, with deep cooperation with domestic crystal mill clients.
Full coverage, semiconductor silicon products have entered the supply chain of major crystal mills, both domestically and internationally. The company’s main domestic customers include China Cube International, China Rainbow Macro, Hua Liu Wei electron, Yangjiang Storage, Wuhan New Cube, Long Pocket Storage, Hua Yui Weiwei, etc. International chip manufacturers are the main ones.
In order to ensure the security of the supply of semiconductor silicon tablets in the country, the silicon industry maintains an in-depth cooperative relationship with the country’s major crystal-crystal manufacturers.On 24 December 2021, the company issued an announcement on the projected volume of daily associated transactions for the year 2022, which is expected to be split between the Department and Wuhan New Harbour Integrated Circuit Manufacturing Ltd., Yangtze Storage Technology Ltd., and China Harbour International and its subsidiaries.
Not $80 million, $155 million, and $116 million. In addition, on 29 January 2022, the company issued an announcement, a subsidiary in Shanghai.