Next Tuesday, 25 July, there is a company listed on the Board of Directors, “Charlie Technology,” which is a company whose main business is the development, design, manufacture and sale of smart hardware, including smart phones, laptops, tablet computers, smart wears, aiot, servers, etc.
In the most recent reporting period, 2023q1 achieved operating income of 16,821 million investment points: 1 company is the global leader of traditional consumer eodm. The company's business is smart hardware products Blue Arrow Electronic-New Unit Thematic Coverage Report (Blue Arrow Electronic) -
odm, in the world's top three traditional hardware products, smartphones, laptops, tablets.
Of the 1.8 billion, more than 200 million were delivered by companies, 10 per cent of the global volume; of those, the Department was ranked first in the global market in the area of smartphones and flatboard computer odm. Over the years, public popping PV-New stock thematic coverage report -
The Division has developed a stable cooperation system with prominent companies such as Samsung, Oppo, Vivo, Affiliation, Mi and Amazon, among which smartphones are the core suppliers of Samsung and Opo (in 2020, they accounted for the above-mentioned thematic coverage report of the Kim Keichenko-New Unit)
The share of industry procurement was 54 per cent, 48 per cent, millet and one of the main suppliers (37 per cent and 26 per cent respectively), and the area of tablet computers was linked to the Amazon core suppliers (the ratio of procurement to the report of the Long China Chemical-New Unit Thematic Coverage Report (Long China Chemistry)
The company's introduction of upstream suppliers, Intel, Hightower, as an external strategic investor (ex-owned shares of 2.1% and 1.23%, respectively), has led to a more solid combination with two enterprises, helping the company to maintain stability in the supply of raw materials.
The demand for data centres, which have previously been imported into the top Chinese Internet customers, and have achieved large-scale income, is expected to benefit better from the 5g, ai, etc., which has continued to flourish. The company has deployed a server odm since 2017, and has now begun to produce a full range of products covering clouds, edges, and terminals, and has achieved large-scale revenue in recent years:
In 2022, products were imported into the top Chinese Internet customers and generated revenues of 2,670 million yuan, a significant increase of 565.34 per cent over the same year. With the growth in demand for 5g,ai-led data centres, companies with a better layout in the area of servers and active participation in the construction of enterprise-level data centres are expected to benefit better.
Compared to listed companies in the industry: selected comparable listed companies with knowledge of Thai technology, sophisticated communications, Gore shares, wave information, and Chinese technology, considering business and product types; the average income in 2022 was $11,632 million, compared to 13.16 per cent for Māori sales.
It is based mainly on the content of equity and other publicly available information, the risk of less accurate selections by companies listed in the same industry, and possible interpretation deviations in content data cut-offs. The risks of specific listed companies are shown in the text.
The company's earnings and profits for the last three years.
The company’s product lines cover smart phones, laptops, tablets, smart clothing (including smart watches, tws headphones, smart bracelets, etc.), aiot products (including smart poss, auto electrons, etc.).
Smart sound boxes, etc., and smart hardware products such as servers. At present, companies have developed into large technology R & D manufacturing firms with advanced intellectual hardware R & D manufacturing capabilities and ecological platform building capabilities, with a leading market share and a unique industry chain in the global consumer e-odm field.
The total Chinese cash flow in 2021 exceeded 200 million, ranking first in the global smart hardware odm industry. (i) Basic financial position.
In 2022, the income from the company ' s main business was divided into six main sections by product type, namely, smartphones ($37,607 million, $3.33 per cent), aiot products ($881 million, 0.98 per cent), servers ($2,670 million, 2.98 per cent).
Figure 4: Corporate Roe Change. The company's main business is the development, design, manufacture and sale of smart hardware; it belongs to the computer, communications and other electronic equipment manufacturing industry, where the smart hardware odm is broken down.
The smart hardware odm industry or odm model, the original design manufacturer model, under which the odm manufacturer develops and produces products for branders based on their product concepts, specifications and functions, including product definition, industrial design, conclusion, etc.
Design, circuit design, software design, testing and certification, spare parts procurement and operation, large-scale product production, supply chain and logistics management, etc., cover the entire process of product design, development, production, and operation.
There is a high demand for well-developed product R & D systems, large-scale manufacturing capacity, efficient supply chain performance, etc., which are typically capital-intensive, technology-intensive, and management-intensive industries. From a competitive pattern, as brand manufacturers demand more and more intelligent hardware producers, so many are unable to meet them.
From a product perspective, as mobile communication technologies mature, smart hardware products spread rapidly around the world. Among them are smart phones, laptops, and tablets, which are "three pieces of smart hardware" that have the highest penetration rates among individuals and households worldwide.
It's the leading force in the development of consumer electronic terminals. According to the data, the number of shipments of the global three smart hardware package was only 520 million in 2010 and increased to 1.84 billion in 2015. In 2015-2017, the number of shipments of the three smart hardware package continued to grow, reaching more than 1.9 billion in 2017. From 2018 to date, some national markets have been saturated, and the three smart hardware package has grown globally.
In terms of penetration, about 37% of smart phones were delivered by odm/idh manufacturers in 2021, and the proportion is expected to rise further, with about 90% of flats and about 91% of laptops produced by odm/ems manufacturers, which is expected to be sustained over the long term, or even further.
In addition to the above-mentioned traditional smart hardware products, the Aiot device, represented by smart wear, is growing. Most of the current aiot brands, in addition to traditional smart hardware brands represented by China, Apple, etc., have successfully launched aiot products of many new and emerging products, most of which are now in the market through the odm/ems model.
Future odm companies will work with the Internet and AI firms to design and manufacture enabling capabilities, and to jointly promote the networking of goods and the landing of artificial intelligence technologies. According to a counterpoint forecast, the volume of new smart hardware, such as equipment, that can be worn in 2021-2025, is expected to grow at a very high rate. As the age of 5g and the interconnectivity of everything approaches, the overall market for smart hardware has great potential for growth.
(1) From 2010 to 2020, the smartphone odm industry, with the growth of smartphones, registered an average annual growth rate of 16 per cent in the number of smart phone shipments, becoming one of the largest and most important smart hardware shipments. As the 5g network expands, the network is on-line.
In addition, in emerging markets, mobile Internet and smartphone subscribers in potential markets such as South Asia, Central and Eastern Africa, and Latin America continue to have low penetration rates, and smartphone penetration is expected to increase further in the region. According to Counterpoint, they received 2022.
Impacts such as geo-flashing, with global smartphone shipments reaching 1.23 billion, a 11.9 per cent decline from the same time, and intelligence flows from 2021 to 2025. Figure 5: Global smartphone shipments, data from the world, shows that, between 2015 and 2021, odm/idh developed and produced smartphones for manufacture.
In 2021, there were 510 million smartphones on the global odm/idh model, more than 30 million on the odm/idh model, and 3% less on the global odm/idh model in the first half of 2022. In 37% of the year, it continued to rise to 39% in the first half of 2022.
The penetration rate of the odm/idh model in the area of smartphones will increase further, with 42 per cent expected to reach the odm/idh mode in 2025.
(ii) The laptop odm industry is now more stable in the global market for laptops, driven by demand for teleworking and tele-education, and more laptops are being used by households for new consumer applications and business operations.
Professionalization, business upgrading. In the 5g era, online laptop products (acpc, allways connectedpc) with mobile chips are expected to become the dominant product. In addition, in an all-embracing landscape, large amounts of equipment need to move in the direction of high data distribution, smart computing, and low power consumption.
The total number of computers delivered was 250 million, an increase of 19 per cent over 2020, and the global volume of laptops increased further to 150 million in the first half of 2022. In the future, the pattern of living in teleworking and online education is likely to continue in many countries. As a result, the global volume of laptops projected for 2021-2025 will remain stable.
Figure 7: Global laptop sales due to more mature technical developments and programme design in the laptop industry, a clear, complete division of industrial chains and a smaller scale of updates. According to counterpoint data, about 91% of laptop computers in 2021 were produced by an odm/ems manufacturer.
In the 1980’s, China’s Taiwan region’s laptops and other international leading laptop brands, such as Hewlett-Packard, Dale, and ibm, developed partnerships earlier. In recent years, as China’s traditional Taiwan odm, represented by Inbao, Guangta, has evolved.
In addition, smart cellular odm manufacturers have accumulated considerable experience in designing and producing smaller and highly integrated mobile phone products, and, given the trend towards thinner products on laptops, smart cellular odm manufacturers are more advantaged in product design.
For these reasons, new and emerging odm companies, represented by Chinese technology, are becoming important competitors in the field of laptop odm.
From 2020 to 2022, the global flat-plate industry was in short supply, with demand for medium- and high-end flat products and 5g technologies, and the response of foldable technologies to the flats as global home-based work, online learning became the dominant lifestyle of a large number of households.
With the resulting increase in consumer demand for replacements, global sales of flat-plate computers rose in 2020 and 2021. According to the countrybook, the global flat-plate market as a whole was about 170 million in 2021, a 1% increase from 2020.
Figure 9: Global flat-plate computer shipments Similar to laptops, flat-plate manufacturers are primarily responsible for the development and sale of products, while manufacturing of products, and design of some products is entrusted to odm/ems. According to counterpoint data, 2021, the world is in the odm/ems mode.
The production of about 160 million tablets contributed 90 per cent of the total volume of shipments. (4) The smart watchodm industry statistics show that the volume of smart watch sales continued to grow at a compound rate of about 28 per cent between 2015 and 2021.
In 2021 there were 130 million real deliveries, in 2022 there was an increase of 12 per cent, and in 2025 there are projected to be 210 million. Currently, the R & D model of major brand manufacturers in the field of smart watches is dominated by the odm/ems model, and the data on counterpoint show that 93.44 million Odm/ems shipments from smart watches and odm/ems were infiltrated in 2021.
At 76 per cent, the volume of Odm/ems on smart watches is expected to rise to 170 million in 2025, and the penetration rate of the Odm/ems model will be (5) tws headphones tws headphones in traditional headphones with smart systems, bluetooth transmissions, mobile terminals such as smartphones, etc.
Electronic devices to achieve multiple applications. According to the data, tws headphones continued to grow at a combined rate of 89% between 2018 and 2021, amounting to 310 million in 2021 and 15% by the second quarter of 2022. tws headphones have a well-known brander based on the odm/ems model.
Smart HandCoops Smart HandCoops Smart HandCoops Connected to smartphones by technology such as software, data, cloud, etc. to provide users with smart wristband products for health monitoring, activity tracking, life management, positioning, etc.
In 2020, smart hand rings continued to grow at an average annual compound growth rate of 23 per cent, reaching 78.9 million by 2020, and figure 13: global smart hand rings are still fragmented in the market for smart hand rings, but they benefit from a higher market occupancy rate, a small rice ecological chain enterprise.
This is part of the market share in the area of smart hand rings. Currently, mainstream mobile branders have included smart handrings as part of their wearing product ecology, and the scale of their collaboration with the dots is expected to increase in the future as smartphone brands develop.
(7) The server odm industry. Current technologies such as big data, cloud computing, 5g communications are constantly developing, data generation is rapidly increasing, and storage and computational needs for large amounts of data are leading to an increase in network infrastructure such as servers. idc data show global server output in 2021.
The average annual compound growth rate between 2021 and 2025 is estimated at 7.2 per cent for 13,539,000, a year-on-year increase of 6.9 per cent. The global server odm/ems markets account for about 95 per cent of the total.
In recent years, as Internet companies gradually enter the cloud computing market and the market generates customized design and production needs for different architecture products, many Internet companies have begun to work directly with odm manufacturers to customize server products to meet their own business needs.
E-design, R & D experience, and scale manufacturing capacity odm companies have also started to market servers.1 Companies are the global leader of traditional consumer eodm. The company operates as the smart hardware product odm, which ranks first globally in three major traditional hardware products: smartphones, laptops, tablets, and so on.
Among the 1.8 billion shipments of the world's three smart hardware packages, companies have delivered more than 200 million items, 10% of the world's output; among them, companies are ranked first in the global market in the area of smartphones and flat-board computer odm. Over the years, companies have forged stable partnerships with such well-known companies as Samsung, Oppo, vivo, Union, Mi, Amazon, among them smartphones, and others.
For Samsung, Opo core suppliers (54 per cent and 48 per cent respectively in 2020), millet and lg are one of the main suppliers (37 per cent and 26 per cent respectively), and the flatboard area is linked to the Amazon core suppliers (36 per cent and 73 per cent, respectively).
2. The introduction of Intel, Hightower, as a strategic investor, is a better contribution to the company’s stability of the supply chain. The company’s introduction of Intel, as an external strategic investor (currently with 2.1% of shares in the company and 1.23% of shares in the company), has led to stronger cooperation with both firms, helping the company to maintain stability in the supply of raw materials.
3. The company’s early deployment of a server odm market, which has now imported top Chinese Internet customers and achieved large-scale revenue, is expected to benefit better from the continued demand for data centres, such as 5g and ai. From 2017, the company’s layout of a server odm, which now has a full range of products covering clouds, edges, and terminals, has achieved scale income in recent years: 2022 product guides.
Top Chinese Internet clients achieved 2,670 million yuan in revenue in that year, a significant increase of 565.34 per cent over the same year. With the growth in demand for 5g,ai-led data centres, there is a better layout in the server sector and active participation in (iv) fund-raising project inputs for enterprise-level data centres
The company's current investment fund, ipo, is to invest in five projects, as well as to supplement liquidity.1 SRI's consumer-type electronic-intelligent terminal manufacturing project: this project will create a new manufacturing centre in Toshio (Pangjong Town), primarily for the production and sale of smart hardware products, such as smart phones, smart clothing, etc. First, to build advanced intelligence.
(c) The introduction of advanced manufacturing technologies, such as sophisticated production, and the adoption of a system for matching them with the system.
Changes in structures, personnel organization, operating methods, and market supply and demand will enable production systems to adapt quickly to changing user needs, streamline production processes, and create a national smart manufacturing base-marking project.
First, by introducing advanced smart production line equipment and accompanying production information systems, a large-scale supply capacity for laptops has been quickly established. Second, by introducing advanced equipment to optimize production processes and improve the quality of products.
Production efficiency is improved through the co-management of smart equipment and information systems. The project will be completed with the addition of 21.6 million laptops per year.3 The Shanghai Emerging Technology Research and Development Centre project: research and development will be oriented around continuous innovation and the market for the company ' s existing products
In terms of upgrading existing products, companies will develop 5g technologies and products based on the current technological accumulation of products such as smartphones, laptops, and tablets, taking into account the next generation of information technology developments such as 5g.
Based on specialized market research in areas such as the future aiot, consumer electronics and new infrastructure, the Division deepens the area of aiot products, such as autoelectronics, which involve, for example, product and technology development such as vehicle robotics, vehicle network communication modules, middle screens, smart dashboards, etc.
4. Wallax Road Headquarters Project: This project will build on the long-term technological build-up of the company in terms of smart wear, it is proposed to establish a research and development centre in Xianan, to build its own research and development office space, to build its infrastructure, to acquire research and development equipment, to continue its continuous research and development of intellectually capable products, to strengthen the market layout of corporate intelligence and to take advantage of the market.
Phase II: The project will build new technology research and development centres and acquire advanced embedded software development, test hardware and software equipment, recruit high-level embedded software technology talent, and promote the upgrading of company embedded software technology, thereby enhancing corporate software technology.
In 2022, companies achieved business income of $92,646 million, an increase of 10.61 per cent over the previous year; net profits attributable to parent companies.
(a) Flatboard computers, smart wears, aiot and servers, etc.; comparable listed companies that have access to Thai technology, sophisticated communications, Gore shares, wave information as Chinese technology, etc., taking into account business and product types; from the comparable companies mentioned above, the average income in 2022 was $116.32 million, the Māori sales rate was 13.16 per cent, and the comparable p-tttm (exceeding the highest value/calculation average) was 33.56 x;
By contrast, the size of the company’s collections is in the middle of the industry, but the Māori rate of sales is lower than the industry’s average. Risks of falling business performance, volatility in profitability, falling market size and competition with markets in the odm market, rising prices of raw materials and risks of shortages, shortage of labour and the risk of rising human costs, friction in international trade and policies limiting risk, investment returns
Risks of exposure to volatility, risk of exchange rate fluctuations, incentives for individual benefits from the (virtual) equity incentive schemes implemented in the company ' s history