Communications team, running well and growing strongly, the company released a three-quarterly report on 20 October 2022, which generated revenues of $723.5 billion, compared to the same amount.
Growth of 11.5%; net profit return of RMB 98.5 billion, a 13.3% increase over the same period, ebitda maintained a strong double-digit growth in business continuity and profits. Companies grew by 11.5% over the same period, with an increase of 1.1 pp over the year 2021.
The number of mobile clients rose to 974 million, of which 5g clients increased to 57.2%, driving moving arpu up to $50.7, an increase of 1.0%.
1. " Basicly positive trends confirm that the digital transition has risen. The profitability index remains a global leader, with an ebitda rate of 34.8 per cent, a decline of 1.8 pp from the previous year.
Net profits of 98.5 billion yuan, an increase of 13.3 per cent over the same period, in terms of capital expenditure, bearing in mind the acceleration of the digital transition in 22 years and the strong growth of dict. The new generation of information base for the digital economy era is 3.
Corporate Depth - China Movement, 2022.2.10 On the one hand, the integration advantage of the 5g+Arithmetic Network + the Wisdom Centre was further strengthened. During the reporting period, the income from the dict operation reached 68.5 billion yuan yuan, an increase of 40 per cent over the year, with an increase of hbn expected throughout the year.
The share of the mobile cloud market has increased significantly, and income is expected to grow by about 100% over the year. By building the ability to “cloud-plus data,” companies are accelerating the transformation of the business model from “pipe-plus-flow” to “connectivity-plus numeracy-capability.”
The company released its second stock options plan, which proposes to award 608 million shares to 10988 incentive recipients, nearly twice the size of the first. We look forward to the transformation of companies from human to information dividends in the digital economy, with a trend improvement in the company’s fundamentals and steady investment intensity.
Downwards, operating profit growth is robust and market value space is expected to move up gradually. 5g operations have not yet developed a clear business model and organizational and incentive mechanisms are not adapted to business transformation needs.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment