China Movement (600941), tri-quarter review of Chbn operations in 2022, high growth of dict operations, third-quarter report of 2022, corporate revenue in the first three quarters of 2022
A total of 723.5 billion yuan, representing an increase of 11.5% in the same year, a net return of 98.5 billion yuan in the same year, a solid base of clients, and a steady increase in the size and value of mobile customers. Companies continue to deepen their “connected + application + equity” integration operations, and as of 30 September 2022, the total number of mobile customers of companies was
Some 974 million households, a net increase of 17.15 million in the previous three quarters, a solid client base leading the same industry, and a 1 per cent increase in corporate mobile operations in the previous three quarters, arpu of $50.7 per household/month.
In terms of sub-markets, companies actively contribute to the upgrading of household operations and the increase in the contribution of intelligent households.
As of 30 September 2022, the total number of companies with cable broadband reached 265 million, a net increase of 24,82 million in the previous three quarters, with household broadband clients reaching 238 million and a net increase of 1.1966 million in the previous three quarters. In the previous three quarters, the number of wired broadband arpu was 34.8 yuan/house/month.
On the political market side, companies continue to integrate into the development of “nets and clouds” and to invest in the overall surge in market capacity, product capacity and support capacity, with strong growth in the political market, which has generated revenues of 68.5 billion yuan in the previous three quarters, an increase of 40 per cent over the previous three quarters.
China’s move to Hong Kong (bvi) has shown remarkable results in terms of intellectual transformation. The number of users of the company’s 5g package in the first three quarters was 557 million, the ring grew by 9.0% in the third quarter, and the service’s 5g network clientele reached 292 million in the third quarter.
Profitability is at the top of the international class. Companies continue to promote low-cost and efficient operations. ... Many of the measures are being taken and savings are being realized, with good results, with a net return of RMB 1 billion in the previous three quarters, an increase of 5.9% over the previous three quarters.
Ten times and nine times, we look forward to the company’s future performance, maintaining a “recommended” rating. Capital spending controls are not as high as expected; domestic digital economy industries are not growing as expected; dict does not grow as expected; and market competition is increasing.
The data used in the present report are derived from information that we believe is now publicly available and, through independent judgements and conclusions, seeks independence, objectivity, fairness, and the conclusions of the report are not shared with other parts and persons of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, foundations, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.