Wave Information (000977), semi-annual performance rating 2025.
Events: Companies published semi-annual reports in 2025. 2025h1 companies achieved double-digit growth in revenue and profits and increased profitability of q2.In the first half of 2025, companies achieved 80,192 million yuan in operating income, an increase of 90.05 per cent in comparison with the increase in returns;
Robbins grew by 61.10%. Corporate performance is bright, confirming that domestic demand for arithmetic remains high.
According to the latest data released by gartner, idc, the market ownership of company servers and storage products continues to be at the top of the world, with firm leadership.
In 2024, corporate cold servers and marginal servers were ranked first in China. Companies continued to increase their R & D investments, pushing for systemic innovation and development of arithmetic and algorithms.
In terms of innovation, in 2025, the company launched a meta-cerebral r1 reasoning server, which is the first time that industry has achieved 16 standard pcie double-band cards with single machines that can deploy the blood-filled deepseek-671b key data on September 3, 2025.
Models; introduction of a meta-cerebral cpu reasoning server that can rapidly deploy and efficiently run new generation reasoning models such as Deepseek-r1 32b, qwq-32b; release of a meta-cerebral ideo-deepseek integrated machine that gives clients and partners a large model for rapid deployment. In terms of algorithm innovation, in 2024, the company launched a model for rapid deployment.
The large-scale enterprise model development platform, meta-think, eai, provides a series of tools, such as data preparation, model training, to lower the threshold for enterprise development and deployment of the ai application. In 2025, the company scaled up its outreach application to promote the "peai seed plan" and achieved 166 epai seed groups.
With a signed partnership to promote the rapid landing of large models in all sectors of health, education, and scientific research, the panorama is a national leader, and the meta-numeracy plant is down to below 1.1. As the Centre's demand for high-performance, efficient heat-discharge solutions grows, the company will “a11”
In liquid cooling is part of the company's development strategy, and the whole warehouse is so cold. The company's whole-line server products are all cooled and cooled, with continuous innovation in liquid cold products from parts, whole machines, to the data centre. The company has been in the top of the market for liquid cold servers in China for four consecutive years. In early 2025, the company made a successful investment.
A meta-cerebral computing plant, which raises the load cap for wind cooler cabinets to 50 kw, load caps for liquid cooler cabinets to 130 kw, and lowers the IAC pue value to below 1.1 to meet national policy standards.
Note: The “market index” of this rating systema has a depth 300 index of reference; the three new three-board reference point is a three-board indicator. The owner is only fit to use a study with a risk level not higher than the “middle- and low-risk” level, a “stable” investor to use only a study with a risk level not higher than the “medium-risk” level, a “positive” investor to use only a study with a risk level not higher than the “medium- and high-risk” level, and a “radical” investor to use the various risk levels of our Division.
This report is presented independently and objectively, within the limits of what is known, in a diligent and professional manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc.. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have not used the offer.