Co-operability: The company issued a fast report on its performance, which generated $10,300 million in 2024, compared to the previous year.
In the context of medical corruption, domestic equipment upgrading policies have been delayed, and the overall size of the industry has contracted considerably over the past year, affecting companies as well. And companies continue to increase their R & D inputs and their efforts to develop overseas markets, and the cost of R & D and sales has increased in proportion to the cost of marketing, further affecting net profits.
In terms of the company's 2404th quarter revenue and net profit performance, the signs of recovery can also be verified, and we're looking forward to an acceleration of national production substitution: we believe that the process of national production substitution will also be accelerated, and 2/14 countries have published the Cataloguing of Major Technical Equipment and Products Imported without Tax Exemptions (2025 edition) with new positive electricity.
Biomedical equipment such as sub-launch and X-ray computer fault imaging systems, single-photo-launched fault imaging systems, we believe that the advantage of national production value after 3/1 will be the ratio of institutional investors to the share of circulation a.
And the company’s high-end products are highly competitive: (1) the company is the only three equipment providers in the world that can produce high-end MRI equipment (mr) above 5.0t (the other two are ge and Siemens); (2) the x-ray computer fault imaging scanner (ct)
Equipment also covers 16 rows to 320, with high-end products vs. Siemens, ge and Philips; (3) Molecular Image System (mi) has also been rolling out multi-sector leading products, including the first industry product, uexporer, with a 4d body-to-body dynamic scan, with a maximum of 190 ps.
The first industrial integrated tact guide line accelerator, urt-linac506c, has also been developed for the secondary tof resolution pet/ct product miipanorama; (4) radiotherapy equipment (rt).
The process of production substitution benefits. *Ai empowerment, product strength: In addition, the company is actively engaged. After many years of layout, the company has successfully built a complete digitally intelligent superplatform across product lines, all of which have been completed.
In the mr area, the application of the ai is mainly in imaging, acceleration, testing and testing process optimization, the company's rapid imaging technology industry for magnetic resonance devices, and the mr on the uifi technology platform can achieve 0.5 seconds/periodic high speed clean-up.
Like; in the ct field, the i technique achieved low-dose scanning, image analysis and rapid image reconstruction, resulting in improved image quality and improved inspection efficiency; in the mi area, the i application focused mainly on emission tracer analysis and image alignment, which in the future will give further impetus to molecular marker discovery and treatment.
Reaction monitoring developments. In the rt field, ai applications can help map target areas, automate the distribution of images and improve the homogenization and accessibility of treatments, thus helping to address differences in quality and scarcity of human resources.
The leader, the one who empowered the product, the domestic business recovery, the active opening of overseas markets, and the investment advice we keep “buy-in” with.
_Capitalgare#2#4# Taipei Hong Kong Shanghai