I'm calling on Silver World's Wisdom Investment Corporation to update the joint video medicine (688271ch) and embrace the one with the combined intelligence of the group.
The joint video intelligence is a clinical, scientific, and video device for the full spectrum of medical images.
In close collaboration and coordination, medical and cinematographic intelligence have been integrated into the whole-line equipment product, optimizing the experience of medical equipment use through efficient diagnostic aids and data-processing capabilities, and upgrading video and therapeutic equipment in China.
Performance and imaging quality. We believe that, in conjunction with its operations, joint video medicine is being transformed from a traditional martial arts, cfa equipment manufacturer to an intelligent video solution provider.
The first advantage is to further consolidate the industry’s leadership and build stronger barriers to competition.
Capability runs through the full workflow of imaging, screening, follow-up, diagnosis, treatment, and covers multi-model scenes such as xr, ct, mr, mi.
By the end of 2024, the joint film intelligence system had launched more than 100 medical ai products, with a total of 12 Nmpa Class III certificates, 21 Nmpa Category II certificates, 13 applications certified by cce and 15 by fda certifications.
3) Enabling equipment: Business accounts for about 10%, i.e., intellectual upgrading and performance enhancement of enabling video equipment in collaboration with joint cinema medicine. Currently, joint video intelligence has a strong pre-emptive advantage in domestic imageai applications, with far more than international counterparts such as gps.
Soft and hardware co-invents together to build an integrated “equipment +ai” competitiveness. A combination of video medicine and a combination of video intelligence has become the advantage of a combination of software and hardware innovation, leading to technological innovation in the global “medical equipment +ai”. For example, a combination of video intelligence directly embedds the ai algorithm into a combination of video equipment that allows patients to be intelligently positioned and scavenged.
Parametric intelligence optimization, image reconstruction acceleration, etc., improves imaging efficiency and quality. We believe that al can enhance the competitiveness and bargaining power of video equipment, and that the market increase of “image therapy + al” will be reflected in part in the equipment revenues of joint video medicine.
By working in partnership with joint video intelligence, joint video medicine has become an integrated “equipment +ai” competitive. In the context of policy-driven equipment upgrades and an increase in the penetration of the application of i, it is expected to continue to grow rapidly.
As domestic equipment bidding continues to recover, we expect the Division to demonstrate good performance resilience in 2025. Based on a nine-year dcf model, the joint film intelligence was created in 2017, dedicated to the development and application of a full spectrum of medical images, clinical and scientific research.
, and video equipment. The pantry, i.e., the full process of coverage of images, includes the intellectual integration of imaging, screening, follow-up, diagnosis, treatment, etc.; the panoply, i.e., supports multi-modular medical images such as xr, ct, mr, mi, and covers the multi-pathic spectrum of tumors, deities, etc.
These smart diagnostic platforms can be connected to any brand of dicom, support clinical medical image analysis, data management, etc., and provide intelligent diagnostic aids.
In addition, the UIMA arithmetic is combined with the equipment products of UIM to enhance equipment performance and image quality.
In addition to information such as height, size, automatic patient recognition, real-time monitoring of patient movements, and intelligent sensing of the interscanning environment to prevent scan collisions. The new generation of uaifiacs smart optical imaging should be used in mr devices, which can significantly reduce scanning time, and the re-establishment of uaifideepreconm's intelligence depth can significantly enhance image noise ratios and resolution and optimize image quality.
In December 2024, the joint film medicine announcement was published, with a trade price of $28,487.2 million, after acquiring 0.284 per cent of the equity in the recapitalization of the joint cinematographic intelligence with its own capital. We believe that joint cinematographic intelligence and joint cinematographic medicine can fully synergize and create synergies in the field of "image equipment +ai".
One medical company, the joint operation of joint cinema medicine and joint cinema intelligence, can be both independent and synergistic, creating a unique barrier to talent walls and technology. The core team of joint film intelligence has attracted a group of artificial intelligence scientists from top Internet and technology companies, who have been able to sense changes and innovations in the artificial intelligence industry in a timely manner, as well as a team of leading health professionals.
A composite team of people who are "al+medics." As the leader of Chinese medical imaging equipment, they have deep hardware, accumulated technology, combined video intelligence technology that allows them to deepen their equipment products, such as the joint video intelligence algorithms, directly embedding their video equipment, optimizing the intelligence of the scanning parameters, accelerating image reconstruction, etc., and upgrading imaging.
In November 2024, the National Institute of Health Insurance issued a Guide to the Establishment of Prices for Radiation Inspection Projects (A trial), in which it included “Accessed Diagnosis of Human Intelligents” as an extension, i.e. hospitals using artificial intelligence for auxiliary diagnostics at the same price level as the main project, but did not charge double fees with the main project. In our view, the National Institute of Health Insurance lists “Academic Intelligent Assisted Diagnosis” as an extension item.
The extension reflects its support for a clinical application of imageai. Although it is difficult for a person to charge a fee alone in the field of video therapy, an application of ai can help hospitals and doctors to improve clinical efficiency and support accurate medical decision-making, and therefore the installation of an application of an i application can increase the cost of equipment products and lead to a higher Māori rate.
The combination of co-operation and intelligence has led to the formation of an integrated “equipment plusai” competitiveness. In the context of policy-driven equipment upgrades and an increase in the penetration rate of the application of i, joint medical care is expected to continue to grow rapidly.
The size of the Chinese market for medical imaging equipment increased by 47.8 per cent in the same month, and the amount of the budget has also increased significantly since November 2024, when, according to public statistics on medical equipment, the total amount of the budget disclosed in our bid announcement for the upgrading of equipment in the medical field amounted to $9.5 billion as of 19 January.
Two to three months. We expect that orders for medical equipment upgrades will begin at 1h25, driving the country’s medical infrastructure to recover. Given the low performance base in 2024, we expect that companies will benefit from the expansion of the market brought about by the bidding recovery and equipment renewal policy, and will show good performance resilience in 2025.
Figure 2: Total budget amounts disclosed in the invitation to tender for equipment upgrades in the medical field Figure 3: Monthly changes in the size of China ' s market for medical imaging equipment, January 2024-2025 Figure 4: Adjustments to profit projections
Figure 7: Comparison of Silver International and Market Forecasts