The Chinese-American cobalt industry reported a decline in its annual performance, waiting for the price of cobalt, and the company published its annual report in 2018, with a 19% decline in profits.
The new energy industry platform was largely formed to maintain corporate ratings, with $14,451 million in revenue, representing an increase of 49.70 per cent over the same period; a profit of $1,528 million, representing a decrease of 19.38 per cent over the same period; and a rapid decline in cobalt prices in the second half of the year, with a decline of 5.15 percentage points to the same year in the Māori rate for corporate cobalt products.
In the area of cobalt and copper resources, the development of p527 mines in Rusuxi, the completion of the mikas phase, the completion of the mikas phase II pilot and the initial design of the Pe527 mines in Rukuni 30,000 tons/year of electricity and copper. In the area of nickel resources, the company started working with the Green Mountain Steel Group.
In terms of resource recovery, the Department of Public Administration has successfully joined the first group of enterprises in the New Energy Automotive Automotive Battery Integrated Use Code. Companies also deploy lithium resources, including through equity participation.
The new energy industry platform was largely formed and the scale of production and sales went up to the steps: in 2018, the company operated steadily with pre-twenties of 20,000 tons, a three-front drive and solid material project, jointly executed with lig chemistry, posco, was fully implemented, and in 2018, the sale of pre-thirties of 131,000 tons increased by 57.39 per cent;
A large supply of the former single-drive 523l product, with a large number of six products entering the industry chain of known battery companies like lgc, byd, and a first supply of 811b new products produced by high nickel power. Medium- and medium-capable capacity, market access, continued consolidation of integrated competitiveness, and maintenance of an increased rating.
The Chinese Friends and Cobalt Industry: Three Quarters of Performance Overstretched, Overseas Redsoil, Global Cobalt Mining, Over-expected Progress; Corporate Capacity Under-Expired; Technology Overturned Silver International Securities Co. Ltd.
Risk; 3c demand is below expectations; policy is below expectations; overseas operations and exchange rate risks; qualification for portfolio investment consulting operations Non-ferrous metals: rare metals