Merger and purchase of Bamo and Hua Yu state, speed up the entire industry chain, and the listed companies intend to purchase their holdings by issuing shares to eight trading parties, namely, Hangzhou Honggen, Shinba New Energy, Lake Gyeong-seo, Zhejiang Giant, Kim Shih-chul, China-licensed investment, Asociación and Chu Xuezon.
According to the trading agreement, the amount of the transaction is tentatively set at $320 million. Listed companies are going to purchase the stock of 15.68% of the stock in the State of Happiness by issuing shares to Sindha.
A reasonable price acquisition in Tian Zimbamo will help improve the positive distribution of lithium electricity and enhance the synergies in the industrial chain: Tian Zimbamo has more than 25,000 tons of production capacity, including Nca, 811 and 523 products, and is one of the leading suppliers of material in the country. The acquisition of Bemo shares will help the company to speed up its infiltration into the positive material chain.
1. Improving Lithium Power Distribution, Promoting Profitability - China’s Friends, and Enhancing Synergies in Industrial Chains. According to the announcement, BAMT earned 3.34 billion in 2018 and net profits of 86 million in 2019, 2020 and 2021, respectively.
The acquisition of minority shareholders’ rights and interests in China’s Yuzhou state and the enhancement of profitability: According to the China Sinkata Network, China 4.
In 2018, Sindha introduced a total of $730 million in marketized debt swaps to China’s state. China’s state is the core subsidiary of the company’s smelting enterprise, with $8.64 billion in operating earnings and net profits in 2018, respectively, increasing the profitability of the company.
• Mobilize investment in BAM technology and additional liquidity to enhance the core competitiveness of companies: the company is going to invest $2.1 billion in BAM technology for the Advanced Smart Manufacturing Project for the High Energy-Intensity Lithium ion Batteries Industry, which will help further increase the number of listed companies from raw material structures to cobalt
Synergy of chemicals to triple-materials; the company proposes to invest $1 billion in matching capital for listed companies (8675583830558), liquidity to ease the pressure on funds to pay and lower financial costs.
(c) New energy: the volume of vehicle sales was significantly lower than expected: changes in the political situation in the Democratic Republic of the Congo had led to the company's failure to implement local projects.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment