Daily consumption of food, beverages and tobacco Double-sink development: loss of profit from a fall in slaughter, price increases, etc. Corporate income from operating at 2019h1 amounted to $25,455 million, an increase of 7.26 per cent, compared with 7.26 per cent in the previous year; and maternity
The net profit was 2,382 million yuan, a decline of 0.16 per cent compared to the previous year. Of this amount, q2 achieved business income of 13.38 billion, slaughter revenue grew rapidly, slaughtering was reduced by low profit levels, affected by the African swine plague, and the domestic stock of pigs and pigs was significantly reduced.
By the end of June 2019, the domestic pig stock had fallen by 25.8 per cent in the same year, and by 26.7 per cent under the hog-rich stock, a significant decline in the stock stock had led to a rapid increase in pig prices at q2 and a 15.12 per cent increase in pig prices at the end of the q2 season compared to the end of the q1.
Māori for both slaughterhouses, Māori for the second half of the year, due to declining slaughter, Māori for 2019q2 slaughterhouses, Māori for the second half of the year, and Māori for the second half of the year, and Māori for the second half of the year due to the unknown impact of the swine plague on the entire industry, total market value/flow at the beginning of the year (millions of yuan)
The Department’s target of a year-round slaughter is under some pressure. This year, the country has increased the number of small slaughters at the highest/minimum level for 12 months.
There will be significant fluctuations, or slightly less than the scale of last year’s slaughter of 16 million head. With repriced products, costs are still manageable.
In response to the increase in the cost of meat products, the company gradually increased its prices from the end of last year.
Double-sink development (000895). Double-sink development: limiting the increase in the profit from slaughter under the shipping policy, 10% + product structure. After price increases, companies do a lot of work and work from the market to the distributors, hoping.
The volume may be affected, but once the price increases have been successful, there will be a slow release of the lower meat dividend and an increase in imported meat, and companies will start making low-priced meat reserves at the end of last year, judging by the current business situation.
Millions of dollars, an increase of 2,476 million dollars over the net value at the beginning of the period, assuming that all the additional stocks were frozen meat, and 2019q2 raw materials were still in reserve. Determining the slow release of low-priced meat in the second half of the year, the amount of pork imported was also expected to rise. As of 2019h1, the company imported pigs from the United States.
In 2018, the company traded $2.4 billion with Smithfield in the United States, and is expected to import 200,000 tons of pork. If the price of pork in the United States is higher in the second half of this year, imports are expected to exceed last year’s import volume, and there will be double transfer costs.
The recent rapid rise in prices for pigs has put a lot of pressure on company slaughter and meat plates, price increases for meat products have somewhat eased the upward pressure on costs, and if the trade fight can ease, companies can flatten costs by importing pork.
The price of chicken has spillover effects, and the profits from the company's chicken business are expected to double. We judge that 2019q2 will be the bottom of the year's performance, and with the implementation of price increases and the value of the company's long-term steady profits in the raw materials cycle, we predict that the company will achieve sales revenue in 2019.
50.9 billion yuan. The same-year increase of 4.45 per cent. Achieving a net return profit of 5181 million yuan. The same-year growth has continued to expand, with an over-anticipated increase in the prices of pigs in Africa; management defects in companies; unsuccessful price increases; and large fluctuations in the economy that have a greater impact on consumption.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.