The increase in the prices of pigs has led to a high level of profitability and a positive adjustment to cope with the rise in costs.
In the first half of 2019, the company achieved a gross revenue of 25,455 million yuan, an increase of 7.26 per cent in the same year, and a net return to the mother of 2,382 million yuan, a decrease of 0.16 per cent in the same year.
2. Our analysis and judgment: (i) cost pressures are on display and net interest rates are falling
The rise in the cost of raw materials has led to a sharper decline in the first quarter of the second quarter of the company ' s Māori rate, driven by a net increase in downstream pork and chicken prices. (ii) Decline in profits from the meat business and a decline in profits from slaughterhouses
In the first half of the year, the company ' s meat branch dropped by 16.80%. Of this, q2 earned $6.039 billion in operating income, with price-led income rising, but the cost of pork and chicken raw materials increased to the company ' s profit.
The Māori rate for meat products has declined. In the first half of the year, the meat branch generated 7,665 million yuan, an increase of 7.52 per cent in the same year, while the cold meat accounted for 424 million yuan in the same year, and the company slaughtering division achieved a combined operating income of 15,339 million yuan in the first half of the same year.
External and intra-firm growth rate of 7.79% and operating profits of $827 million, or 68.09%. Of this, total operating income of $8.032 billion was realized in the 02 season, or 3.67% in the same season, of which q2 Q2 slain pigs, 3.851 million, or 3.851 million in the same season.
The price of pigs in the second quarter is higher than the price of pork, and the slaughtering of Māori has led to a fall in profits for the company slaughter business. (iii) The historical stock of pigs can grow at a very low level and the cost pressures are short-term or difficult to mitigate.
In July 2019, the country was able to grow mothers, pigs, pigs, pigs, pigs, pigs, pigs, pigs, pigs, pigs, pigs, pigs, pigs, pigs, pigs, pigs, pigs, pigs, pigs, pigs, pigs, pigs, pigs, pigs, pigs, pigs, pigs, pigs, pigs, pigs, pigs, pigs, pigs, pigs, pigs, pigs, pigs, pigs, pigs, pigs, pigs, pigs, pigs, pigs, pigs, pigs, pigs, pigs, pigs, pigs, pigs, pigs, pigs, pigs, pigs, pigs, pigs, pigs, pigs, pigs, pigs, pigs, pigs, pigs, pigs, pigs, pigs, pigs, pigs, pigs.
The secondary cycle is high and will last longer. Figure 1: Monthly data on the living pig stock in our country (iv) Increase inventory and actively adjust to higher costs
The company increases its stock and actively responds to up-front price increases. The semi-annual report shows that the company’s stock reached $7,204 million, a 10-year high, both in absolute and relative terms, compared to 2018.
Cost increases: (1) structural adjustment, greater product structural transformation and marketing drive, promotion of high-end products and product upgrading; (2) cost containment to contain cost increases through better procurement management and modest stocks of raw materials; (3) cost reduction to improve operational efficiency through process optimization, technological innovation and management upgrades; and (4) price adjustment of products to market conditions.
The company, as China’s largest meat supplier, insists on slaughtering and meat-processing industries, with strong upstream-downstream integration and synergy, and a strong industry leader. Stability provides feedback to investors.
Risks from price fluctuations in raw materials; food safety risks; risk from weak downstream demand. Figure 4: Māori rates and changes in net interest rates for companies in the single quarter of 2017 to date
Figure 5: Growth, profitability and operational capacity indicators (biannual) Figure 6: Growth, profitability and operational capacity indicators (annual)