Heung Swe Medicine (600276) short-term performance pressure, innovation international acceleration 20 August 2021
Collections have had a greater impact, and innovation has been growing at a rapid rate. During the reporting period, generics have slowed down. The third batch, which began in November 2020, began to collect, and the national drug collection has now reached the fifth batch, with companies accumulated.
Twenty-eight medicines have entered the collection, 18 of which have won an average reduction of 72.6 per cent, and the counterfeiting of pharmaceutical revenues will continue to be pressured in the future with the normalization of the collection. 2021 During the first half of the year, the proceeds from the sale of innovative medicines were $5,207 million (+43.80 per cent), representing the total.
In the first half of this year, two new adaptive disorders were added to Kareli Joll, Haetrapo Pa, and re-emerging ovarian cancer maintenance treatments were approved; shr6390, shangle net, and Rigretin are in the Nda phase in the line of research.
The process of research and development and listing of innovative medicines has progressed steadily, and the push for overall performance will continue to generate high and sustained investment in research and development and accelerate the process of internationalization. During the reporting period, corporate research and development spent $643 million on overseas research and development, with 136 overseas research and development teams, including the United States of America.
95 from the national team and 31 from the European team. During the reporting period, the company conducted 23 international clinical trials, including 7 from the international multi-centre iii phase, 3 from the approved fda clinical batch, and the first international multi-centre iii clinical study — the Carrelliad Project.
In addition, the company’s R & D pipeline has been gradually expanded to other areas such as respiratory and ophthalmological studies to achieve the goal of increasing the number of patients in the world.
This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The company does not provide any assurance about the accuracy and completeness of this information because the recipient receives it.
The information and the views expressed do not form the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, and the information, opinions and opinions do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial position and specific needs of the persons to be taken from the report and do not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in the present report, taking into account their respective investment objectives, financial resources, etc.
If necessary, consult with a professional consultant on the financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters.