Increased research and development investment, internationalization process 17.58 per cent long; net profit to mother, 2,668 million yuan, 0.21 per cent higher than the previous year; net profit to parent, excluding non-retroactivity
As a result of the impact of national and local purchases, there has been a certain decline in the sales ring of the company; on the other hand, the price of health insurance has been reduced by 85 per cent, as well as the inconsistent timing of the entry of products into the hospital and the implementation of health insurance at various locations, which has led to a slight decline in the sales of the Carrellibill.
In the first half of 2021, the company spent $643 million overseas on research and development, increasing its efforts. The company conducted 23 international clinical trials, of which 2. Fluorine Pali was approved and research and development went well.
7 international multi-centre iii phase projects involving 9 oncology projects, 14 non-oncology projects, and more than 10 studies are in the preparatory stage, initiating a total of 86 offshore centres.
Research and development inputs are increasing, and research and development platform capabilities are increasing, looking at the following new breakthroughs: 2021. The company has created new technology platforms with autonomous intellectual property rights, such as protac, molecular glue, antibodies (adc), bi/multi-specific resistance.
Body, gene therapy, mrna, bioinformatics, conversion medicine, etc., of which two new and differentiated adc molecules have been successfully approved and three adc molecules have declared clinically; two molecules have completed pre-clinical development; and the first ctgf antibody in the country has been approved.
Beds: pdl1/tgf bi-specific antibody drug shr-1701 for rapid three-stage clinical studies, new generation pdl1/sirpr for integration of proteins is about to submit applications for clinical research, and more than 10 first-in-class/best-in-class dual/multi-specific antibodies are under study.
Given the impact of the Kareli Pearls against price reductions after entry into health insurance and counterfeiting, we have downgraded the uncertainty of procurement of generic drug belts. There is uncertainty about progress in research and development of innovative medicines.
There's uncertainty about the changes in inventory, investment returns, etc. The averages are then calculated to arrive at the final rating as the average market investment.