Heung Swe Medicine (600276) Pharmacy Biochemistry Punabrin-Corporate Partnership New Era bd, Southwest Securities Research and Development Center
Incident: The company signed a strategic cooperation agreement with Dalian Wanchun Bryn Pharmaceuticals Ltd., which will invest 100 million yuan in Dalian equity and pay down initial payments and milestones up to a total of 1.3 billion yuan, and Dalian Wanchun awarded the company joint development interests and sole proprietorships in the Greater China region of Punabrin.
Industrialization benefits to combat all human and animal diseases, including, but not limited to, neutral particles caused by chemotherapy, cin and cancer.
An innovative type of gef-h1 drug developed in the spring medicine promotes bone marrow cell maturity and prevents damage to neutral particle cells to achieve early control of cin. At the same time, it induces tree mutation and t-cell activation to achieve immuno-cancer therapy. Prablin is a non-g-csf-type drug.
The company now has a long-acting g-csf innovation drug, 19k, which has been approved for listing, combining the advantages of the two to produce greater clinical value.
In April 2021, Nmpa and fda were submitted for use in cin and were admitted and included in the “first-in-first-out review”. In August 2021, the Punabrin Federation used Dosita to achieve the main endpoint and multiple secondary endpoints in the global iii clinical study of patients with non-small cell lung cancer 2/3 (egfr wild type) and counted them as major endpoints and multiple secondary endpoints.
In the first half of 2022, Nda was submitted for this adaptive treatment. Punabrin has the potential to treat non-small cell lung cancer, and it also increases the likelihood that it will be applied to other types of cancer. Dalian Wanchun and the company are actively exploring the potential combination of anticancer drugs such as Soprabrin+pd-1 to create differentiated new change therapies.
External acquisitions will become a “new engine” for accelerating innovation beyond corporate ownership. In 2021,2 the company’s joint development interests and exclusive commercialization interests in the Greater China.
Biotech’s bd transaction record shows the company’s open mind to buying innovation from biotech. It is expected that more innovative drugs, like Punabrin, will enter the company’s commercialization blueprint through a bd partnership and become a “new engine” for accelerating innovation beyond corporate ownership.
The equivalents are 40, 33, and 27 times higher. A number of autonomous innovation varieties have actively introduced innovation pep-driven performance, and internationalization of innovation will be a challenge (2021-08-22) to upgrade the company and maintain a “buy-in” rating.
2. Heung Swe Medicine (600276): Magnificent oncology plates, 3. Heung Swe Medicine (600276): Innovative travel to sea to add new species and accelerate internationalization of innovation (2021-02-24)
4. Heung Swe Medicine (600276): Cdk46ii Efficiencies, breast cancer line to be a new heavy-pound product (2020-12-25)
Heung Swe Medicine (600276): No direct or indirect compensation for the need to maintain a new identity and to create a new growth-driven and rapid recovery (2020-10-20) will not be obtained, either directly or indirectly, as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.