Heung Swe Medicine (600276) 2021 semi-annual review: Increased research and development, innovation supporting growth Shen Man, cfa
The company’s overall performance has increased steadily, and innovative medicines have supported development.
There was a decline in the sales ring of the company’s third batch of six varieties, a 57% decrease in sales rings, a build-up of the company’s core product, Carrelei Jewellery, a price drop of 85%, and corporate overall performance pressure. However, during the reporting period, companies achieved business income of $5,207 million in innovative medicines, a year-on-year increase.
43.80 per cent, or 39.15 per cent of the company ' s operating income. Rapid growth in the company ' s performance of innovative pharmaceutical products R & D has intensified and strengthened corporate leadership. Corporate R & D costs have continued to grow at a high rate during the reporting period, with R & D costs of R & D rising at R & D of R . 258,050.83 million during the reporting period, or 38.48 per cent over the same period last year.
One, including five innovative drug batches and nine generic batches; 41 clinical batches; and 10 consistent evaluation batches. The company’s future innovative product pipeline is expected to continue to enrich, consolidate its own innovation leader and enhance its market competitiveness.
In addition, the company's overseas R & D team has continued to move forward with the internationalization strategy. In terms of overseas project progress, the company reported that the company's overseas R & D expenditure has reached $643 million. In addition, the company's overseas R & D team has continued to move forward, with people and core team members with IP research and development experience.
Twenty-three international clinical trials were conducted during the reporting period, including seven on the iii phase. As corporate internationalization strategies progressed, corporate research and development teams worked with domestic teams to deepen, and corporate offshore operations were expected to continue to break down, while at the same time it was expected to further expand its research and development advantages and enrich its creation.
New products, higher corporate performance. Heung Swe medicine, as the leader of our innovation drug industry, continues to benefit from our innovation drug policy.
Portfolio S.A. Ltd.