On the 20th of August, 2021, i.e., p. 1 pressurized, coded internal and external liner layout.
According to the company announcement, the business income of 2021h1 increased by 17.58 per cent as compared to the net profit of the parent.
Market value in circulation (millions): $365 million in equity incentive costs, excluding the impact of equity incentive costs, resulting in a steady increase in innovative drugs during the reporting period, imitation and pd1 pressure
The slowdown in profit-end growth at 21H1 was mainly due to a decline in sales of generic drugs, a 57 per cent decline in the revenues from the sale of the six drugs involved in the third batch, and a negative growth in corporate innovation as a result of the Kareli pearls policy against the start of the health insurance negotiations (85 per cent reduction) since March.
The income from the sale of the drug plate has steadily increased, with 21h1 companies achieving sales revenue of $5,207 million for innovative medicines, an increase of 43.80 per cent, representing 39.15 per cent of total sales income. With the expansion of innovative pharmaceutical products and the follow-up realization of innovative drug pipelines, the company is expected to make a further transformation of innovation to:
The growth of corporate performance has added a new impetus. R & D pipelines have steadily advanced, adding the strategic layout overseas.
The company continued to increase its R & D investment, with a cumulative R & D investment of 2,581 million yuan (+38.48 per cent) in 21h1 and a quarterly assessment of 2021q1: gradually warming performance, health-care availability, etc. 19.41 per cent of sales revenue strongly supported the company's project R & D and innovation development.
During the reporting period, the company obtained production batches for five innovative medicines, nine counterfeits for 41 clinical batches, and 10 consistency evaluation batches. The company continued to add the strategic layout overseas, during the reporting period.
The Department ' s overseas R & D expenditure amounted to $643 million and obtained three of the fda clinical batches, including the Flyphine Pali Quarterly Review: an accelerated recovery in performance of q3, which was largely in line with expectations (iii), the Kareli Pearl Monopoly (ii) study and the hr17031 injection fluid (i), the first
The international multi-centre clinical research (Carrell Pearl Co-operative for End-Hepatic Cancer) has also been completed and pre-departure preparations have been initiated for the U.S. fudabla/nda submission.
It is hoped that the transition to internationalization will take place in the future, along with the integration of overseas strategic deployments into the domestic pipeline. Report: The epidemic will not change its performance recovery trend, equity incentives will show confidence.
During this period, as a domestic leader in innovation, it is still expected to expand its performance through health care and adaptive conditions. Overseas, taking into account the fact that companies are leading the industry and that innovation is scarce, long-term management capacity will gradually emerge, and the clinical and approval of new products will fall short of expectations; health-care products will not be as high as expected; and there will be volume procurement, health-care negotiations.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, produces the report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data used in my commitment to report are from compliance channels, and the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional integrity and competence, and the report is clear.
A description of the securities investment consultancy business, according to the China Securities Commission ' s Licence to Run Securities (z23834000), gives S.E.S.C.S.C.C.C.C.A. certificate of approval from the CSRC.
A securities advisory service is a basic form of business in which securities investors or clients are the recipients of relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority, i.e. the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related influences of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, or securities-related products.