Wei Hongmei, mid-2021.
By quarter, 2021q2 achieved a net profit on cropping and repatriation, and the fall in annual performance was largely due to a decline in traditional generic drug sales. The third batch, which began in November 2020, involved six pharmaceutical products from companies, with a 57 per cent drop in sales earnings in the first half of the year.
Since March 1, 2021, the price of the health-care negotiations has been reduced by 85%, coupled with problems with the arrival of products and varying health-care implementation times in different parts of the country, which has led to a steady increase in research and development investment in the Kareli Pearls against sales.
More than 240 clinical projects were carried out, including 23 in international multi-centre clinics. In the first half of the year, 5 batches were obtained for the production of innovative pharmaceutical preparations, 9 batches for the production of generic pharmaceutical preparations and 41 batches for the production of pharmaceutical products.
In the first half of the year, overseas R & D expenditures totalled $643 million. The Department has established a full clinical research and development team in the United States, Europe, covering various sectors such as medical science, clinical operations, registration, pharmacology, statistics, quality management, drug alert, etc.
Out-of-country R & D teams totaled 136, of which 95 were in the United States and 31 in Europe. 23 international clinical trials were conducted in the first half of the year, including 7 international multi-centre iii projects involving 9 oncology projects, 14 non-oncology projects, and more than 10 studies were in the preparatory phase, initiating 86 overseas projects.
The center. The first international multi-centre iii clinical study -- the Kareliadol Unit against Apadeni International Multi-centre iii study for the treatment of late-stage liver cancer -- was completed. Overseas grouping was initiated and preparations were initiated for the submission of the fdabla/nda in the United States.
Products, one single product, remain a target. The company’s short-term corporate performance is expected to remain under pressure as a result of the harvest.
The “market index” of this rating system is based on 300 indexes of depth. I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association to produce this report in a diligent and professional manner, independently and objectively and to the extent that I know it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the company’s relevant business sectors, issuers, listed companies, etc.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report.