Researchchand developmentcenter Air giant business rehabilitation, profit improvement elasticity period
- South Air (600029). South Air (600029.sh) Deep Report: Aviation giants, business rehabilitation, profit improvement elasticity period.
In the first three quarters of the year, the company's history was so deep that it was one of the largest shipping divisions in the country, holding a large number of local aviation divisions. By 2023, it returned to the same period in 2019; and by the same year, the return to the mother's net profit was reduced by $1.320 billion, compared to $1.320 billion.
Mother-to-child net profit is about 486 million yuan, an increase of 15.7% over 19q2, and the second quarter has been lost. While the recovery of international routes has continued, the industry has reaped multiple benefits (1), the supply side and the demand side: with the recovery of international routes, both domestic and foreign supply and demand have accelerated.
In October, the number of passengers and flights in the country was 1.7 per cent and 4.0 per cent, respectively, compared to 2019; in October, the capacity ask, turnover rpk 2) fare at the end: the business income of the aviation unit rpk exceeded the same period level in 2019.
In terms of oil prices, oil prices have risen and declined in the last month since 2023 (%)
In the first three quarters, the prices of aviation kerosene from the plant rose faster, with recent declines, oil prices as a whole. In the first half of the year, the median United States dollar rose more than the renminbi, the exchange rate of the renminbi was recently stronger, and the exchange rate fell and the volatility slowed down.
Two-hub-based network navigation division, SMART 1.) Airline layout: the Beijing hub echoes north and south, with a dense network of routes. Companies are increasingly strengthening their hub network strategy, with Guangzhou and Beijing at its core, creating a developed network of routes.
South China has always been in the forefront of the industry, with 23.9% of South China in the first 11 months of 2023, and the highest in the air. The domestic line: the total number of flights is high, and the high rate of high-yielding routes is high.
The company ' s weekly passenger-carriage flights amounted to 16,508 at times, with a total lead over the rest of the fleet; line resources showed a 22.3 per cent share of first-line cities flying at times, with the top 20 flights, mostly on routes rich in public-business passengers.
International Lines: South-East Asia and Australasia accounted for the highest number of airline operators. In 2014-2019, the international shipping capacity of South China increased at an average annual rate of 18.4 per cent, compared to 12.4 per cent of the national shipping and 15.7 per cent of the international navigation.
Sunda Securities Co. Ltd. with the highest volume of flights in Japan and Korea, 31.7 per cent and 9.2 per cent, respectively; in cindasecuritiesco., Ltd.
In China, cities account for 18.9 per cent, 12.6 per cent, and 37.6 per cent, respectively, of the Department of National Aviation, leading by the city.
At the end of the ask fuel cost, the basic trends are consistent across the various aviation divisions, with relatively strong cost control for South China after 2020, with the lowest unit ask fuel cost in 2020-2022. At the end, the non-oil cost levels for South and State aviation units ask were largely the same until 2019.
The downfall was lower than that of the Eastern Line; after 2019, South China’s cost control capabilities highlighted the fact that the lowest level was maintained in the Air Division, reaching a non-oil cost of 0.4758 in 2022 for South China’s ask unit, and it was evident that South China’s cost during the year remained at the lowest of the three major aviation divisions.
3) Performance: Business resilience is high, and the recovery from the big ship is fastest. On ask, from the beginning of 2023 to the end of November, the recovery rate for South shipping increased from 74.9% to 91.5% in 2019, and the recovery rate has been ahead of the rest of the fleet.
By the end of November, the company had recovered its accumulated earnings to 86.0% in the same period in 2019, significantly higher than 80.2% in the country and 81.2% in the east. By the end of November, the difference between the company and the same period in 2019 had been reduced to 5.0 pct, with a cumulative increase in the number of national and east flights.
There is still a gap of 8.6, 7.9 pct over 2019. 4) The future perspective: South China Logistics is off the market, with a focus on major industries that are expected to benefit from a long-term shift in freight transport.
South China Logistics remains a listed company and a listed subsidiary, with 55% of the company holding a stake in it. In the medium and long term, both South China Shares and South China Logistics will be able to focus more on each other’s main business and enhance business development capabilities, thereby increasing the company’s overall future profitability.
Combining the above-mentioned valuation considerations, for the first time, we give companies a “buy-in” rating. Risk factors: demand for travel is not returning as much as expected, international routes are not returning as expected, oil prices are at a high risk, and the renminbi is at a significant risk of devaluation.
South Air is China’s largest transport aircraft, the most developed route network, and the largest passenger carrier every year, creating a dense network of well-developed routes that cover the country, all-round radiation Asia, and effectively connect to Europe and Australia. Companies operate smoothly and recover quickly, with excellent cost and cost controls, and are resilient. As international flights accelerate, demand is released.
In the medium and long term, the company’s profit center is expected to move up, driven by the long-term effects of marketized fares. First, by its size, business resilience highlights one of the largest shipping divisions in 1.1 countries, with a large number of local carriers holding shares.
The company’s initiator, South China, was formerly part of China’s civil aviation authorities in Guangzhou, and was registered with the National Bureau of Commerce and Industry in 1991; and South China Air formed South China Air Co. Ltd. in 1995 with its related air transport assets, and was renamed South China.
In 1997, the South China Airlines shares were placed on the market in Hong Kong, China, and New York, and in July 2003 they landed successfully and entered the stock market officially; in 2005, the company established the Beijing branch to increase the wide-body operation of the Beijing base, expand the North Tokyo Air Market, and construct another major hub, apart from Guangzhou, with an initial strategic layout.
Table 1: The history of the South Aeronautic State Committee, with the majority of shareholders in the South Air Group, the company holding shares, and the number of local aviation divisions. The company is actually controlled by the State Treasury Committee of the State Council, the controlling shareholder is the South Air Group, which holds 51.90% of the company's shares directly through the South Air Group.
The company now has 21 branches, including Beijing, Shenzhen, and Xiamen Air. Molecular companies can better coordinate the advantages of resources such as local markets, airports, large customers, channels, etc., and transport transit sources to the hub.
Figure 1: South aviation equity structure (up to 23h1) 1.2 Overview of operations: passenger and cargo operations combined with a rapid recovery of revenue South aviation based on the construction of world-class air transport enterprises, mainly in the provision of domestic and regional services
Overall, the company achieved business income of $871 billion in 2022, compared to the same period, which was +2.4 per cent, a significant increase in corporate revenue, largely returning to the same level in 2019. The breakdown of operations is: 1) Air passenger operations: a well-developed network of company routes, forming a well-developed network of routes, is the current annual passenger traffic in the country.
The largest airline. In 2022, the company achieved 6017 million yuan in passenger revenue, or 20.4 per cent of total revenue.) Other business: the company ' s other business consisted mainly of hotel and tourism services, air catering services, ground services, and others. In 2022, the company achieved 3,654 million yuan in other business income, or 17.3 per cent of the same year, or 4.2 per cent of total income;
1.3 Operation: Recovering of passenger loads, recovery of domestic leadership, and maintenance of passenger occupancy rates will still take time. 1) Passengers: the number of passengers carried by the company has increased steadily every year before the outbreak; passengers travelling during the three-year period of the epidemic has been more affected and there has been a marked drop in the number of passengers carried by the company; as a result of the restructuring of the outbreak policy in early 2023, the number of passengers travelling has increased as of
2) Up to the end of November, there was a large gap between the number of passengers and the length of time required to repair the passenger rate. 3) The size of the fleet and plans for its introduction: by the end of November 2023, the company had operated a total of 904 transport aircraft.
The top three categories are Boeing 737 series, Airfarers 320 series and Boeing 787 series, with 387, 355 and 39 aircraft, representing 42.8 per cent, 39.3 per cent and 4.3 per cent respectively, and according to the company ' s 2022 report disclosure plan, public figure 2023-2025: as at the end of November 2023, the company operated 904 aircraft.
1.4 Financial performance: improvements in financial indicators, first three quarters of net return to the mother-to-child economy 1) Māori and Māori ratio: from a Māori perspective, there has been a significant recovery in the civil aviation transport market since 2023, leading to a better overall business performance and a significant increase in the gross profit ratio of the company; in the last three quarters, the gross profit of the company was 13.1 billion yuan.
The company achieved Māori rates, net interest rates of 11.0 per cent, 2.3 per cent, a significant increase of 28.2 per cent, 25.3 pct, compared to 2 per cent in 2022: by the end of the third quarter, the company ' s net return had been reversed and lost. 23q1-3, during the first half of the year, the median exchange rate of the renminbi against the United States dollar had depreciated by 3.75 per cent, especially in the second quarter, against the United States dollar.
The net profit from the return of 23q2 to the mother is about 486 million yuan, an increase of 15.7 per cent over the 19q2 level, and the company has achieved a second-quarter cutback profit. Second, the recovery of international routes has continued, with a multiplicity of benefits in the industry and demand at the end of 2.1: the recovery with international routes has accelerated the improvement of domestic and foreign supply and demand.
1) In the short term, the supply and demand of the industry recovered faster than the demand, the passenger rate was continuously repaired The air passenger traffic was quickly repaired, and the number of air passengers and flights in the country recovered over the same period in 2019. The country recovered monthly, with a narrow gap compared to the same period in 2019: during the summer months of July and August, travel data exceeded the same period in 2019.
+0.7 per cent/+2.9 per cent, respectively, after September, when passenger traffic and flight traffic decreased from the same period in 2019 to -7.6 per cent in November, when passenger passenger traffic was higher than in 2019 and -6.3 per cent in December, and when overall industry capacity and turnover recovered faster than demand, the monthly passenger occupancy rate was higher than in the same period in 2019.
At the end of the industry’s demand side, passenger turnover is on the rise. Since 2023, the country’s air passenger turnover has been rising on a monthly basis, the rate of air passenger turnover has risen rapidly, and the demand for passenger travel has recovered.
To date, the Ministry of Tourism has published three successive lists of countries and areas where exit teams have been restored. The number of openings has increased in one batch. The number of ex-citizens travelling abroad has reached 138; the monthly flow of passengers on international routes has also been increasing on a monthly basis, and between January and November 2023, the rate of international passenger turnover has risen from 8.6 per cent to 54.7 per cent over the same period in 2019.
At the industry end, the overall increase in the size of the country ' s civil aviation fleet has slowed and the number of workers, including drivers, has decreased. On the fleet ' s size, the number of domestic transport aircraft amounted to 4165 in 2022, an increase of 2.7 per cent, compared with the increase of 2.7 per cent: since 2019, the number of domestic transport aircraft has declined significantly, and the number of aircraft on board has increased by four consecutive years, until 2022.
The average age of the pilot has also risen significantly in recent years, from 39.55 years in 2020 to 40.39 years in 2022. The ratio of aircraft with air traffic control in 2022 was 6.77 (capable of piloting) relative to aircraft for the past three years.
Figure 21: Increases in the number of domestic transport aircraft since 2019
In the next three years, the NAALOS plan for the introduction of aircraft shows an average annual increase in the number of aircraft from the South, the State, the East, Spring and Fall and Qiangxiang, 5.8 per cent, 3.7 per cent, +1.6 per cent, + 8.2 per cent, +9.6 per cent and 2.2 per cent, the unit ' s business income exceeded the same period in 2019.
On a quarterly basis, except for South China, basic aviation units received the highest number of rpk battalions in 23q3 per year. 23q3, South China, United States, East China, Spring and Fall, rpk, respectively, earned 0.67, 0.71, 0.67, 0.49, and 0.58, respectively. Domestic civil aviation fare pricing reforms are gradually moving forward. Since 2004, domestic fare controls have been liberalized and air freight prices have been phased out.
Government-directed prices have been converted to market-adjusted prices, and a growing number of routes have begun to introduce market-based pricing. According to market-regulated routes, the number of domestic routes with market-adjusted prices increased from 365 in December 2014 to 1698 in November 2020, rising from 13.8 per cent of all domestic routes in the year.
In terms of specific route prices, in 2017-2023, the main routes, the Beijing-Shenzhen route, Shanghai-Huangzhou route, increased from $1240, $2080, $1350 to $2150, $3650 and $2350, with cumulative increases of 73.4 per cent, 75.5 per cent and 74.1 per cent, respectively, exceeding 70 per cent, and the price-marketing reforms continued to deepen.
The current trend in the number and share of domestic routes using market-regulating prices has continued to rise, and the marketization of fares has continued. Combined with the warming of civil aviation demand, the increase in passenger turnover, and price increases driven by market regulation, the future profitability of the industry is expected to continue to improve and improve over time.
2.3 Oil sinks: the recent fall in oil prices and the strengthening of the renminbi exchange rate
Industry performance. International crude oil prices continued to rise in early 2020, with air carrier costs under pressure; air kerosene oil prices peaked in mid-2022, after which oil prices gradually fell; oil prices have risen since 2023, and aviation kerosene prices have risen faster in the third quarter, with recent declines and overall oil prices have fluctuated less than in 2022, but on average.
The cost of aviation oil from the Department of Air Navigation remained at about 30% of operating costs. In comparison with the Department of Air Operations, fuel surcharges were introduced in the country in February 2023 and the rates were raised more quickly; the fuel surcharges continued as of 5 December 2023.
A downward adjustment is made for a 50-dollar fuel surcharge per passenger on a route below 800 km, and a 90-dollar fuel surcharge per passenger on a route over 800 km.
Significant impact factor 2: Exchange rate A number of the assets and liabilities of the Department are expressed mainly in United States dollars and euros, and the value is affected by exchange rate fluctuations between the renminbi and the foreign currency, thereby generating a certain exchange gain or loss.
After a peak in November, the exchange rate rebounded; since 2023, the exchange rate rebounded, the first half of the year rose more, the currency exchange rate of the renminbi became stronger in the recent past, the exchange rate of the United States dollar at the middle price declined against the renminbi, and the exchange rate fluctuations slowed.
In the industry, the median dollar rose more in 2022 against the renminbi, and the exchange rate fell somewhat after reaching its peak in November; since 2023 the exchange rate rebounded, with a higher increase in the first half of the year, and in the recent past the exchange rate was stronger, the median dollar fell back against the renminbi, and exchange rate fluctuations slowed.
iii. Two-juncture network navigation division, downscaling efficiency guarantee performance 3.1 flight network layout: Kyooka hub north-south echoes, network of routes heavily covered, North-south response to full-scale radiation, and network-based navigational morphology. Southern aviation is being strengthened.
Guangzhou, Beijing, with its central hub strategy, has created a network of developed routes that are heavily home-grown, fully irradiated Asia, and effectively connect to Europe and Australia. The company has six bases, 21 domestic and 53 offshore branches across all continents.
In terms of income passenger km, the ratio of rpk to the industry was the highest in 2016-2022, and the ratio of rpk to the industry was 23.9 per cent in the 11 months prior to 2023, and the ratio of rpk to the seafarer was the highest. Figure 36: rpk to the regular year was the highest in 2022 and 26.1 per cent in 2022
1) The number of domestic routes is high, the number of high-yielding destinations is high, the number of domestic routes is high North-South, and the share of high-yielding resources is high. Companies are increasingly strengthening their hub strategy, with Guangzhou and Beijing at their core.
Structured to build two integrated international hubs in Guangzhou and Beijing, with a two-wheel drive to create new patterns of profitability and development, and the formation of a network-type airline. During the winter and spring season of 2023, the company ' s weekly passenger-carriage flights reached 16,508 flights at a total lead time, leading the rest of the fleet; by route resources, 22.3 per cent of first-line cities fly each other, up from 22.3 per cent.
According to the civil aviation advance flight plan management system, the number of flights ranked first among the top 20 inter-city routes, and the number of public and private airliners ranked second among the top 10 and 5 of the top five, mostly of the most resourceful public and commercial passengers.
In particular, with regard to the resources of the relevant routes in the wider depths, South China is the number one carrier, Guangzhou-Naking, Beijing-Gangzhou, Guangzhou-Hangzhou, Guangzhou-Changdu, Shanghai-Ghangzhou, Beijing-Hin Shenzhen cities, with more than 25% of the company’s cities. For a specific airport hub, the Bay of Australasia at Deep Farming Harbour, where the position of the Kikwana hub is prominent.
The regional and Beijing hub was strengthened, with a share of nearly 48.5 per cent in Guangzhou in 2022, and a share in Da-Hing Airport, where the winter and spring seasons were overtaken by the 2023 winter and spring seasons, and where the number of flights distributed to the Shenzhen airport was 47.9 per cent, 36.2 per cent and 26.6 per cent, respectively, the highest and highest in the country.
Figure 41: The company ' s share of high-speed flights at Beijing airport is 36.2 per cent at the time of the winter and spring season of 2023, and the proportion of high-seas flights at Beijing airport is 2 per cent at the time of the winter and spring season of 2023.
Prior to the outbreak, international air traffic had increased from 44.950 billion kilometres in 2014 to 10.448 billion kilometres in 2019, with an average annual increase of 18.4 per cent compared to the annual occupancy rate for national flights, which rose from 79.5 per cent to 82.7 per cent, and remained at the forefront.
During the course of the season, South China had the highest volume of flights in the South-East Asian region, Japan and Korea, and Ausimaa, with a ratio of 45.3 per cent, 31.7 per cent and 9.2 per cent respectively.
Figure 43: Sustained increase in international airline capacity of companies Figure 45: South Line passenger occupancy continues to be in the forefront Figure 46: South Line flights are the largest in South-East Asia, Japan and New Australia
In terms of the Australasia and South-East Asia, which account for the largest share of the market, it is the first carrier on the route. With regard to the Australasia route, in 2023, during the winter and spring season, South China accounted for 37.6% of the total number of domestic air traffic at times, and was the first largest carrier in the Australasia.
In terms of the South-East Asian route, which accounted for 34.7 per cent, 49.4 per cent, respectively, of the Westland route, and in the 2023 winter and spring season, the South flight fleet accounted for 18.9 per cent of the domestic aviation fleet, especially on the China-Viet Nam and China-Maraisician routes, with the highest number of flights in the South, 45.7 per cent and 40.0 per cent respectively, respectively, and in Thailand and the new.
Countries such as Gabo also have a focused layout. Japan-Korea, Europe-US region: a focus, city-to-city rise, increased investment in the Japanese-Korea market, and a steady revival of the European-American market.
On the Japanese and Korean routes, during the winter and spring season of 2023, the number of flights on the Chinese and Japanese routes reached 12.6%, slightly higher than the 11.6% during the 2019 winter and spring season, and lower city rates. On the Korean line, in the winter and spring season of 2023, the number of flights on the South voyage was 25.5%, second in position, near the east.
With a 26.5% share of the market, and a sharp increase over the 14.9% of the 2019 winter and spring season. Japan and Korea are international destinations, with high demand for travel and higher profit margins, companies are expected to continue to deepen their layouts.
The proportion of flights reached 12.6%, while the proportion of time flights in the China-North America region reached 23.0%, with a smaller market share. Currently, the number of flights in the European region has largely recovered to the same time level in 2019, while the number of flights in the North American region has remained far from the same time level in 2019.
Recovering the needs of travelling, studying and departing passengers, continuing repair of supply and demand, and the prospect of an increase in profits from the Euro-American region, figure 51: South Air in the 2023 winter and spring season costs 12.6 per cent per flight time in the European region, 3.2 per cent: excellent control capacity, a steady drop in unit ask costs until 2019
Corporate cost and cost control has been at the forefront of the Division, with a steady pre-epidemiological decline. 1) Business costs, with a steady decrease in unit ask costs until 2019; unit ask fuel costs, which are more affected by oil prices, have been consistent with the basic trends of the Divisions. By 2019, the cost of unit ask fuel was 0.124.
Slightly below the US$ 0.1250 and US$ 0.1265 for national navigation; higher oil prices after 2020, relatively strong cost control for South China, with the lowest unit ask fuel cost in 2020-2022.
The non-oil cost of the South Air Unit ask amounted to 0.4758, which is significantly lower than the cost of 0.6241 and the cost of the East Air Line amounted to $0.5443. 2) For the period 2013-2022, the cost rate for the South Air journey has remained at the lowest of the three major aviation divisions. In 2019, the cost for the South Air, the State Air, East Air, was 12.59 per cent, 13.61 per cent, 14.93 per cent, and 23q1-3 south, respectively.
The cost rates during the voyages, the State and the East, respectively, were 13.02 per cent, 13.90 per cent and 14.28 per cent, with significant advantages in the control of the costs of South China. (3) With regard to aircraft utilization, the utilization rate for South China has been at the top since 2017, and in 2019, the average daily utilization rate for South South is 9.96 hours, higher than the rate of 9.72 hours for the State and 9.55 hours for the East; during the outbreak period
The flying of inter-season aircraft has been significantly affected, with a more marked decrease in utilization and a smaller drop in the south, still leading the rest of the fleet.
3.3 Operational performance: Operational resilience was highlighted, with the fastest recovery in large flights as a question: the overall recovery rate was month by month and the rate of recovery in southern shipping was high. Between the beginning of 2023 and the end of November, cumulative kilometres available to each division recovered steadily, with South shipping starting with a recovery rate of 74.9 per cent in 2019 and rising in November.
91.5% of the recovery rate has been ahead of the rest of the fleet. In the specific region, South China has largely recovered more quickly on international routes. By the end of November, the cumulative ask on the international route had recovered to 42.8% over the same period in 2019, higher than the 39.8% on the national voyage and East China Rpk: passenger turnover has increased steadily, slightly slower than transport, and the South has recovered significantly more than the rest.
At the end of November, the company recovered to 86.0 per cent of the same period in 2019, significantly higher than the 80.2 per cent of the country's air traffic and the East passenger rate: the passenger rate was gradually narrowing from the same period in 2019 to the lowest of the three major flights. At the beginning of 2023, there was a large 7.8 pct gap between the South and the same period in 2019, and by the end of November the gap was reduced to 5.0 pct.
The difference in the company’s guest rate continues to narrow. Compared to the two remaining divisions, the difference in the company’s guest rate is the smallest. By the end of November, the difference between the country’s combined passenger rate and the Easter rate was still 8.6, 7.9 ptt compared to 2019. Figure 59: By the end of November, the cumulative passenger rate in the South was the difference between the 2019 and 0.5 ptt
3.4 For the future: South China Logistics is on the market, with a focus on the future beneficial transformation of cargo in the long run. It is proposed that the cargo block subsidiary be on the market and help the main industry focus. In March 2023, the company announced its intention to split the subsidiary South Air Logistics from the top to the top. South Air Logistics is based on the former South South Air Cargo Division, which integrates the corporate flag.
In the medium-to-long term, after this break-up, both the South China Shares and the South China Logistics can focus more on both sides of the business and enhance business development capabilities, thereby increasing the company’s overall future profitability.
The share of the company ' s freight revenue is high, and the subsidiary ' s net profit on South China ' s logistics business is high. In 2022, the company ' s passenger and freight revenues were higher than $600.17 million, compared to 68.9 per cent and 24.0 per cent of total revenue, respectively. South China ' s own performance showed a steady increase in corporate business revenue, to 23h1, and South China ' s logistics received 77.98 per cent.
One hundred million yuan, representing a net profit of 1,258 million yuan, corresponding to a net interest rate of 16.1 per cent, consists of three main types of main South China logistics operations, which provide integrated logistics services for air freight, modern warehousing services and integrated supply chain solutions. 1) In air cargo operations, operations include two components: full cargo and passenger cargo operations.
By the end of 2022, South Air Logistics operated 15 Boeing 777f cargo aircraft within the South Air Consortium and operated international routes for full cargo aircraft in cities such as London, Amsterdam, Frankfurt, Los Angeles, and Chicago. In the case of passenger cargo aircraft, South Air Logistics operated 879 passenger aircraft cargo operations in the south, providing a passenger air cargo service.
At the same time, South Air Logistics provides customers with abscond cargo service to various locations in Europe, the United States and the United States. (2) In modern warehousing services, South Air Logistics provides customers with ground services such as assembly, sorting, transiting and warehousing of cargo from and to the port, and assists in completing the port of entry and exit of flights, drawing on the country-wide cargo resources and a strong hangar capacity.
Cargo document information operations. By the end of 2022, the South Air Logistics operated 15 self-owned cargo depots in Guangzhou, Beijing, Shenzhen and Zhengzhou airports, forming a nationwide system of cargo terminal operations and warehousing services. 3) In terms of integrated supply chain solutions, the South Air Logistics Integrated Supply Chain Solutions focused mainly on co-clients and cross-borders.
Based on its strong air freight and modern warehousing service base, South China Logistics accelerates the consolidation of its resources, achieves a process-wide industrial chain service, provides high-quality integrated supply chain solutions for customers, and enhances the added value of its operations. Operations now cover a number of areas, such as inter-operators, cross-border power suppliers, and direct access to land.
(iv) Profit forecasting, valuation and investment rating Business data projections: late 2022, optimized immunization policy, rapid recovery of aviation capacity and demand, we anticipate 3) assuming a relatively stable income, taking into account other operations, including routine expenditures related to the air transport industry, etc.
From historical valuations, the average perpene values of China Air, South Air, and East China were 15.99, 20.96, 21.98 times higher in 2010-2019: the corresponding company ' s 2024 pe was only 11.04 times lower than it was. Given the company ' s current capacity as a country ' s domestic and external airline, aviation demand is expected to pick up, supply and demand relations are improving, and the company industry is expected to do so.
A combination of the above-mentioned valuation considerations covers the first time that we give companies a “buy-in” rating.1 The demand for travel has not recovered as expected; the macroeconomic downturn, the decline in income and the declining willingness of people to travel, among other factors, have caused demand to recover as much as expected and are expected to have a direct impact on the company’s fundamentals.
Unexpectedly, the company ' s international passenger revenue rebounded too slowly and is expected to have a greater impact on overall performance.3 The risk of a significant increase in oil prices is high; the cost of shipping oil is one of the company ' s important operating costs; the overall performance of the company is affected by fluctuations in oil prices is much higher, and if the average oil price rises too fast, it is expected that the company ' s shipping cost will increase its operating costs significantly, thus affecting it.
4. There is a risk of a significant devaluation of the renminbi. A number of corporate rental liabilities, bank loans and other loans are mainly in United States dollars, and exchange rate fluctuations, in addition to a number of international revenues, costs and currencies other than the renminbi, will result in exchange gains and losses for the company; If the renminbi devalues significantly, the company will incur significant exchange losses, ultimately affecting the level of performance.
Zhog Ming, Doctor, University of Mines of China, registered consulting (investment) engineer, deputy general manager of the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, member of the China Geological Minerals Economic Society, expert bank member of the China International Engineering Consulting Corporation, member of the China Price Association Coal Prices Quaker Commission, former Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Office of the China Coal Industry Association (chair) for coal and coal.
For more than a decade, research and research in energy-related fields have led the 13th Five-Year National Coal Survey and Development Programme, the revision of the coal industry's technical policy and enterprise-related advice. In June 2016, it joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research in the coal sector.
This report has been produced and published by the CVM. The report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, providing support and reference to investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. Sindam securities are not considered by recipients to be an ex officio recipient of this report. This report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information considered reliable by the recipient, but the Sindam securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in this report are only dated from the date of the original presentation of the present report and may involve varying degrees of volatility in the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in this report.
The historical performance of securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.