The new product was put on the market, the higher cost of making short-term profits, the semi-annual evaluation of Changchun's New Year's Report, Changchun's New Year (stock code: 000661).
983 million yuan, representing a 42.85 per cent decline in the same year, mainly due to accelerated R & D and the marketing of new products, the firm ' s overall three-cost rate rises to short-term profit pressure as a result of a robust subsidiary in the Golden Race Pharmaceuticals industry. 1) The Golden Race Pharmaceuticals industry achieved revenue of 5,469 million yuan, an increase of 6.17 per cent, and a net return to the mother of 1,108 million yuan, the same amount.
This represents a decline of 37.35 per cent; the Golden Race Pharmaceuticals industry has accelerated the development of new products and continued to strengthen the introduction of high-end talent □ chingpei_vj@chinastock.com.cn, with increased research inputs. 2) 100-gram organisms have achieved income of 285 million yuan, a decline from the same time.
53.93 per cent; net profit from maternity - 74 million yuan. 3) The Huakang Pharmacy industry achieved a revenue of 378 million yuan, a decline in the same year.
Inputs were raised to 20.21 per cent; of this amount, R & D costs were $1,155 million, representing an increase of 30.22 per cent, or 10.96 per cent, mainly as a result of higher payroll expenditures and higher depreciation amortization of workers in the Golden Race pharmaceutical industry. Vushin Chibai (polymer) was approved for the market, and the company accelerated the marketing of priority new products and sales fees.
With 2,386 million yuan, an increase of 23.43 per cent over the same period and a marketing cost of 36.13 per cent, the Golden Race Pharmaceuticals industry is in a critical transition period, with many products being marketed and follow-up research and development pipelines available. Based on the dominance of women and children in companies, there are more forward-looking layouts for products in the fields of endocrine metabolism and women and children.
In the field of treatment with high demand and high potential, there is a gradual focus on the two-high prevalence rates in Central America and the United States and the major diseases with a heavy medical burden, including tumours, immunization and breathing, skin, kidneys, ophthalmology and neurological diseases.
The clinical data show that the Vulchinc Bail resistance is quick to work, 6-72 hours of pain equivalent to hormones, 72hvas rating down by 57.09mm, 12 weeks of bad weather.
Risk reduction of 90 per cent, risk reduction of 87 per cent for 24 weeks of repeat strokes, effective mitigation of pain, significant reduction of risk of relapse, and no serious adverse drug-related effects. Investment proposal: companies steadily promote marketing management of their core paediatric operations, while strengthening ovarian hormones and voodoo
The marketing of products such as the Chibai Veterans has increased, the company is currently at a critical stage in the transformation of innovative R & D, many products are expected to be marketed, and the company is expected to achieve a net return profit in 2025-2027.
2. [Galaxy’s] company review _ Long Spring High (000661);
3. [Galaxy’s] company review _ Long Spring High (000661): I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively in a diligent manner. Any part of my pay has not been paid in the past.
Song Liqiang, a Master of Public Health from the University of Gangan, joined the Galaxy Securities Institute in 2024, with in-depth research in the areas of Chinese medicine, biological products, and the chain of innovative medicine industries. This report is made available to its clients by China’s Galaxy Securities Corporation (hereinafter referred to as Galaxy securities).
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.