The retail business is characterized by a higher level of profitability than that of a colleague.
Commercial banks. The company’s retail market share in Chongqing has been at the forefront, benefiting from a good local economic environment, and has a promising potential for development.
Shareholdings and local enterprises have always maintained good partnerships with local governments. Corporate net interest differentials are in the forefront of the industry, assets are of good quality, and for the first time, coverage is rated as increasing. Total assets in the third quarter of the year were $1,034.2 billion, with net profits of $8.63 billion, regardless of the size and net size of the assets.
The city of Chongqing is the country’s only directly administered city with a regional provincial presence, and the regional economy has been growing relatively well, providing a favourable environment and regional depth for the development of agricultural businesses.
Financial holding enterprises, which together hold 23.7% of the shares, have more than 150 corporate shareholders who are highly tied to local enterprises, company development and the local economy in Chongqing City.
At the end of the debt, the market share of individual deposits is the highest in Chongqing (nearly 30%) and in the 2019h deposit structure, the individual deposits are 74.3%, well above the average in the market. At the end of the asset, the individual loan market is the same.
At the top of Chongqing (11%), the largest retail bank is well-established. Meanwhile, the company’s retail lending ratio and retail revenue contribution have steadily increased over the last two years, with structural non-mortgage lending accounting for more than 50%, benefiting from the more developed tertiary industries and the higher consumption needs of residents in the region.
Roe is ahead of business, and the asset-end structure is gradually optimized.
As can be seen, the higher share of company Roe is mainly based on a wealth of retail customer resources, and the net fee revenue is much higher than the average of listed farmers' comptoirs, while cost controls are strong and asset quality is robust. In terms of interest differentials, as of 2019h, the net interest rate is 2.35%, and the absolute value is ranked among listed banks.
Step forward, in the middle of a listed agricultural comptoir. At present, the ratio of corporate credit assets in the comptoirs is gradually adjusted and optimized to the market price of January 16, 2020, and the future will be moving towards supporting corporate interest differentials and roe performance.
The overall asset quality of the company is robust, with a negative rate of 1.25% for Sino-Soldier International Securities Inc. and 2.41% for loan types of concern, which are at a lower level than comparable counterparts.
Qualifying for portfolio investment consultancy companies have been found to be stringent and, as of 2019h, the ratio of loan/non-performing loan balances that are more than 90 days overdue is lower than that of well-established banks, with greater risk resilience and support for steady business growth.
The downside of the economy has led to an over-expected deterioration in asset quality and further escalation of trade friction between China and the United States.
I. Corporate profile: The country's largest rural commercial bank 1.1 Company profile: Web site of the country's largest agricultural comptoir Chongqing Rural Commercial Bank was restructured by the Chongqing Rural Credit Union and 39 district trade unions in Chongqing City
In December 2010, Chongqing Chamber of Commerce and Industry became the country’s first rural commercial bank, the first local bank to be listed abroad, and the first bank to be listed in the west. In September 2019, the Chongqing Chamber was certified as a company to be listed as a stock (601007.sh). As of 30 September 2019, the company’s assets had reached about 10,342.
In 2019, the company ranked 137th in core capital, 22nd in Chinese commercial banks, and the second in China's rural commercial banks.
As of 30 June 2019, the company had six branches and 36 first-tier branches, with 1,775 establishments.
There are 1,461 institutions, with 2 outside Chongqing. A wide network in the county area has brought a wealth of retail customer resources to Chongqing's comptoirs, laying a solid foundation for the company's distinctive character in the area of personal business.
By the end of the second half of 2019, four of the top 10 shareholders held more than 5 per cent of the stockholdings of the company, namely Chongqing's Assets Management Group Limited (9.88 per cent), Chongqing City Urban Construction Investment Group (7.97 per cent), Chongqing Transport and Tourism Investment Group (5.89 per cent), Lung Dynasty Holdings Limited (5.70 per cent).
In addition to the top 10 shareholders, the corporate shareholders of the company include more than 150 local enterprises, thus making the firm highly tied to local economic development and having a comparative advantage in regional competition.
1.3 As a rural commercial bank rooted in the region, the main organization of the company is celebrated with a better economic base and good development potential. Chongqing, the only city in the mid-western part of the country, is the only one with a provincial presence with the largest direct administrative authority.
The city provides a wider market depth for the development of the company. The link between Chongqing’s economic belt and the “one-way” zone is highly regional. In recent years, the West’s development and the development of “one-way” policies have provided it with the advantage of growing rapidly. The economy of Chongqing has been in the forefront of the country’s provinces, cities, and autonomous regions for the third year in a row.
Reform adjustment, with GDP growing by 6.0 per cent per annum in 2018, has slowed down to 2019, and there are signs of a steady recovery in Chongqing area. By the end of the third quarter, the rate of growth in gdp had risen to 6.3 per cent, exceeding the national average, and the rate of growth in local financial institutions.
(b) The individual business of Chongqing has a strong competitive advantage in Chongqing.
As of the end of 2019, the number of individual deposites was close to 30%, with a strong competitive advantage. In addition, in the case of individual loans, at the end of 19th year, the share of individual loans by the Chongqing comptoir was 11.3%, at the forefront of the Chongqing area, and the largest retail bank in the Chongqing area was firmly established.
Figure 7. First place in Chongqing, where the share of the personal deposit market is ranked. Figure 8. Top-ranked share of the personal loan market.
Seventy per cent, well above other comparable banks, shows the company’s relatively strong capacity to raise its reserves at the retail end. By the end of 2019h, the share of savings in the liability of the company’s company was 72.4 per cent, and it was middle-bound in the comparative caliber of banks and farmers’ comptoirs in the western region, ranking ahead of the listed bank, with the debt structure predominantly based on deposits benefiting from the company’s well-broad web site.
Figure 9. Individual deposits as the highest share of deposits as compared to agricultural comptoirs Figure 10. Deposits as a relatively high share of liabilities 2.2 Retail loans as a proportion of loans increased, and retail transformation potential could be extended
At the end of the asset line, retail loans from farmers’ comptoirs have risen steadily in recent years, from 35% in 2018 to 2.3 percentage points by the end of 2016. At the same time, the contribution of individual banking operations has increased year by year, from 7.4 percentage points to 37.2% in 2018 to 2016, and in terms of the structure of retail loans, the share of non-plought loans from farmers’ comptoirs has exceeded 50%.
For non-mortgage loans such as consumer loans, individual business loans, banks have a more relative pricing power, so we estimate that the retail business of growers’ comptoirs is affected by or relatively small by the lpr switch. At the same time, Chongqing’s tertiary sector is well developed, and residents have less overall life pressure, high consumer demand, and the potential for future company retail business development is to be expected.
Figure 11: Retail lending as a percentage increase Figure 14. Three-product structure in Chongqing (2019 q3) 2.3 Small micro-business characteristics, with higher agricultural-related lending
As a rural commercial bank, the company has an extensive rural distribution network in Chongqing, which accounts for 82.3 per cent of the total, and has been working to build the largest agricultural-related lending bank in Chongqing and consolidate the leading position of the market share in the county, as a result of which small micro-credit and agricultural-related loans account for a high proportion of the credit portfolio. As of the first quarter of 2019, micro-credit accounted for 82.3 per cent of total loans.
As against 31.0 per cent, agriculture-related loans accounted for 40.6 per cent of total loans, although the share of corporate-based agricultural loans declined in the last two years, as a result of increased downward pressure on the economy and an increase in poor agricultural lending, but the market share in Chongqing remained the highest in the region.
Figure 15. Micro-credit accounts for more than 30 per cent of total lending.
Growth slowed down. After entering 2019h, the company ' s growth rate in the first half of the year went further, up 0.06 per cent from the same year, but the split shows that the company ' s main business has generally maintained a positive growth trend, with net interest income (+28.3 per cent, yoy) and net fees (19.1 per cent, yoy) falling back in the first half of the year. The slowdown in the growth of the crop was mainly due to other non-interest income, which fell in the previous half of the year.
At the end of the transition period, adjustments are gradually put in place, and the rate of subsequent growth will pick up. With regard to net profit performance, in the first half of 2019, the multiple benefits of the reduction in the provision, cost control and tax pressure will return to 18.9 per cent.
Figure 18. Other non-interest-bearing earnings overhang. Overall, the profitability of the agricultural comptoirs is at the forefront of the industry, with 15.7 per cent of the annual roe of the 2019h comptoirs, ranked first among the listed agricultural comptoirs.
Figure 19.2019h Roe is at the top of the agricultural comptoir. Figure 20. Reinpreneur Roe is at the top. Further, we'll split and horizontally compare the roe of 2019h, the main listed bank.
Roe stems mainly from the company’s good performance at the non-interest income end, thanks to its rich retail customer resources, the share of company fees in revenue is much higher than the average agricultural comptoir, while good cost control and sound asset quality performance are better than that of listed farmers, which are contributing to it. And the company’s net profit spread is at the middle level among listed farmers, and is expected to come to terms with assets.
3.1 Fees are higher than the farmers’ comptoirs, and they are higher than the industry’s average, as can be seen from the split between them.
As of 2019h, the share of net fees in the net income of farmers’ comptoirs as a result of the main business was 10%, although not high in absolute terms, but ranked first in the lateral comparison of listed comptoirs’ fees. We believe that the better-than-average performance of the industry has benefited from the wealth of retail customers’ resources generated by the company’s well-broad web site, from which the company’s wealth of retail customers is derived.
By 2019h, 57.7 per cent and 19.3 per cent, respectively, supported by good performance among companies.
Adjustments, net fee revenue increases, and, in the future, given that the net fee revenue ratio of the farmers’ comptoirs is not very high, there is still room for further improvement based on the wealth of retail customer resources, while the proprietorship of the farmers’ comptoir’s financial subsidiary is in the process of being actively prepared to launch more enriched and marketed retail products in the future, and we estimate the net fee revenue of the company.
It will continue to grow at a faster rate, supporting the good performance of Roe. Figure 24. Net commission revenue recovery rate
3.2 Quality of assets: The poor rate is better than comparable counterparts, and the pressure on the provision is lighter, as can be seen from the splitting of roe, where the ratio of set-aside/total assets is lower than the industry average and is making a contribution roe shows, which we believe stems from the relatively low risk asset allocation of the company (low credit asset ratio, 2019h).
38.8%, on the other hand, is the result of better asset quality performance on the part of companies than their counterparts. By 2019h, a poor rate of 1.25% in the stock market, a decline of 4bp from the beginning of the year, in absolute terms, is lower in both listed banks and listed agricultural firms.
According to the previous indicator focus group, although the ratio of interest group loans rose slightly in the first half of 19 (48bp to 2.41% higher than at the beginning of the year), the absolute value is still at the middle level of the listed agricultural comptoirs and potential pressure on asset quality is manageable.
In terms of adverse production, we measure the rate of negative growth in 2019h by 0.76% compared to 61bp in 2018. The absolute value of negative annualization in 2019h is also low in the main listed banks, and is expected to be associated with gradual economic adjustment in Chongqing and regional economic climate adjustment. Overall, both poor rates and forward-looking indicators suggest that the assets of the firm are in short supply.
Figure 30. Undesirable production rate ring decline Chart 31. Undesirable generation peer comparison is still at a relatively low level The provision is growing steadily and the resilience to risk is increasing.
According to the Ministry of Finance’s most recent Financial Rules for Financial Enterprises, the current level of the provision for farmers’ comptoirs is more than twice as high as that for regulatory purposes, and there will be a small reduction in the provision in the future, releasing the profit margin, so the pressure on the provision is smaller and contributing to the roe level.
Figure 32. Corporate coverage is at a high level in the industry.
Chongqing Silver  Comparison of the provision coverage by industry 3.3 per cent difference: income spreads at the middle level of the agricultural comptoirs and the credit ratio has steadily increased
As of 2019h, the net balance of interest of the farmers’ comptoirs is 2.35%, the absolute value is relatively high in the listed banks, and the ratio of the listed farmers’ comptoirs is median. The split capital is analysed at both ends, the stock-end returns of the farmers’ comptoirs are relatively low in the farmers’ comptoirs, and the end-end cost of the liabilities is median.
Figure 35. Net interest differentials rank ahead among the main listed banks Figure 36. Interest-bearing asset returns are low in the agricultural comptoir. Figure 37. Cost of interest-bearing liabilities swims in the agricultural comptoir.
The equity end-of-the-life rate of returns for the company was slightly lower than for other agricultural firms, owing in part to the low percentage of credit assets. The company’s interest-producing capital was fairly evenly distributed, with the equity investment-type asset ratio (2019h, 33.5%) roughly equal to that of loans (2019h, 38.8%).
However, the company has been active in restructuring its assets over the past two years, with credit increasing as a share of total assets and 2019h lending, helping to maintain a relatively stable return on the asset end. On the other hand, the corporate business style as a whole is more robust and prudent, and the loan returns alone are lower than other comparable agricultural comptoirs.
Figure 38. A small increase in the percentage of loans
At the end of the debt, although as of 2019h, the ratio of current deposits to the agricultural comptoir was not significant, the rate of success of the deposit was not high and, in aggregate, the end-of-debt cost rate was at the level of middle-market farmers' comptoirs.
The savings cost is not very high.
3.4 Cost controls are effective and cost revenues are lower than those of listed farmers, and by splitting them up, we can see that the lower operating costs of the company are also being shown as a share of the cost of the company contributing to the company. As of 2019h, the cost of the company is 21.72%, down 8.61 percentage points from 2018, at a historically low level.
In comparison with listed farmers’ comptoirs, the cost-earnings are the lowest, and companies’ relatively strong cost-control capabilities are moving to support roe more than farmers’ comptoirs. The cost-earnings ratio at the end of 2019 fell significantly, mainly because of a 30% decline in the ratio of the largest employee costs. According to the company’s semi-annual report, this is mainly due to changes in the local policy of large health insurance contributions in Chongqing, which has led to a change in the farmers’ policy.
The comptoirs stopped paying large contributions to the health insurance of retired workers since 2019, so there was a clear decline in staff costs.
3.5 Capital adequacy is maintained at a high level. The current capital adequacy rate of the farmers' comptoirs is maintained at a high level to meet the demands of rapid business development. As of 2019h, the capital adequacy rate of the companies was 13.3 per cent, the core-level capital adequacy rate was 11.0 per cent and the level of capital was further raised after the shares were placed on the market as the company ' s future one.
Moreover, according to the Financial Rules for Financial Enterprises, recently issued by the Ministry of Finance, the provision covers more than 150% of businesses that exceed regulatory requirements and is reduced to undistributed profits. Thus, the 68.8% excess of the Bank’s capital adequacy rate is expected to be further supported in the future.
Figure 47. Capital adequacy at the core level is at a higher level in agricultural comptoirs.
The market share of the individual savings of the agricultural comptoirs has been the highest in Chongqing for many years, and by the end of the second half of 2019 it was close to 30%. In addition, in the case of individual loans, it has been in the forefront of Chongqing and the largest retail bank in the region is well established. For the second new share listed in 2019, the company’s valuation is now in a more reasonable region, and we expect that the company will split 20/21 ps.
Loans in deposit are assumed to increase by 9.0 per cent on a year-on-year basis in the first three quarters of 2019, taking into account: 1) that the Chongqing region economy has recovered steadily as a result of prior-period adjustments, with a 6.3 per cent increase in the gdp by the end of the third quarter of 1919, up 0.3 percentage points from the 18-year increase of 6 per cent; 2) that there is a high capital adequacy rate and sufficient room for credit delivery; 3) that central and regulatory capacity has been in place since 2018.
The Bank is strongly directed to increase credit delivery and financial support for the real economy, emphasizing the need to close the infrastructure short-term, with deposits growing by 9.3 per cent in the first three quarters of 2019, and the projected future rate of increase will continue to grow at a steady rate, compared with the increase in interest differentials assumed: 2.35 per cent (vs 2018, 2.45 per cent) of the net interest rate of the company 2019h, and we measure the net annualization of the company in the first quarter of the third quarter.
For the future, as the loan pricing benchmark is gradually changed and linked to lpr, and as the growth of non-interest income is regulated: after 18 years of tight financial regulation of the net fee commission revenue of the firm, the quarterly cut in 2019 was 4.7%. In absolute terms, the net fee income of the firm was 2019h as a percentage of the net income of the main business.
It is only 10%, and there is still room for further improvement in the future. So we believe that the net corporate fees revenue for the entire year 2019 will continue the cost-earner ratio: the cost-control measures of the company have been more stringent overall for the last two years, and the annual cost-earner ratio of the firm in 2018 will remain stable at 28/28/25 per cent, respectively.
▪ Credit cost: In 2018, the cost of credit for the firm was 1.72 per cent, down 24bps from 2017, considering that, on the one hand, the quality of the company's assets was generally stable with the stability of the local economy, poor rates and poor generation were marginal improvements, and, on the other hand, the company's current level of coverage was more than double the regulatory level, so we expect future public spending.
The distribution rate is 20 to 25 per cent, and 22.5 per cent for the company in 2018, since the company was listed in 2010h. By reference to the average share of the listed comptoir, we expect the share of the comptoirs in 19/20/21, and we evaluate the firm mainly using comparable company methods, taking into account the valuation levels of the other listed banks.
Now, there are eight listed agricultural comptoirs; in terms of scope of operations, there are currently four banks operating in the western part of the country, with a total of 12 banks displacing the sub-stocks, and we have selected nine banks as a reference for the valuation (see figure 48 for details). Given the size and future growth of the company, we believe that the value level of the company is within reasonable range, and according to our projections, it is currently growing.
Figure 48. Comparative analysis of the valuation of the target bank1 and the deterioration of the quality of assets due to the downside of the economy1 Bank development is more relevant to economic development as a pro-cyclical industry. Macroeconomic developments affect the operation of the real economy and profitability, thus affecting the asset quality performance of the banking sector.
Downwards are expected, with the risk of deterioration in the quality of the banking sector’s assets, affecting the profitability of the banking sector.2 Trade frictions between China and the United States have further escalated. There is still uncertainty about the US-China trade negotiations, which, if repeated beyond expectations, may affect investors’ expectations of economic growth.