Bo Fong Energy: Coal Chemical Lead Industries, with significant cost advantages, November 29, 2023.
Keywords: #Integration#Expanding Production #Integration in Coal Industries, where coal-based hydrocarbon production is continuously released. The company, based on coal selection, is shaped into three main business plates: AC products, caramel products, and fine chemical products.
As of 2023q3, the company owns 1 million tonnes/year of polyethylene production, 1.1 million tonnes/year of polypropylene production, 7 million tonnes/year of coke production, and 9.16 million tonnes/year of coal mining (including the equity capacity of the red beam coal industry), of which the Ningdong III project has entered the trial stage.
In the second phase, we expect to start production at the end of 2024, with postnatal companies concentrating on a total of 5.2 million tons of acrylic products. Since then, with the rise in oil prices, coal-based hydrocarbons have continued to outperform oil-based routes.
Expanding, as of October 2023, the monthly average single ton of polyethylene petrocephalus/mto/cto/ethane ethylene Carbide plate: in the case of coal coke, there is less production of coal in the country, more stringent checks on the stacking of safety incidents and tight supply. In the case of coke, in 2023, iron production from steel plants was close to 2019-2022.
At the highest level, in November, iron and steel production increased slightly, and downstream steel plants had the will to build up their reservoirs. In the short term, it is still possible to look at the price of coke. In the long run, downstream steel plants are profitable, pressured, passed on to upstream raw materials, and there is limited room for double-collar prices to go up.
At the operational level, companies use fine management to strictly regulate user costs; projects have low investment of one ton and keep the project high.
In the case of broths, the company uses low-cost furnaces to recover gas and deliver co-carrying methanol devices, which are lower than the cost of external coal purchases; the Dmto-iii project in Ningdong and Inner Mongolia uses dmto-ii technologies to further improve production effectiveness.
In the case of coke production, after the first half of 2022, the company ' s 3 million tonnes/year of coke production was successful, the company produced 7 million tonnes/year of coke, 9.16 million tonnes/year of coal production (including the equity capacity of the coal industry), and the self-sufficiency rate after washing was over 45%, with a clear integration advantage.
In 2020, the company began building a demonstration base for solar-powered electrolytic hydrogen storage and applications, reducing carbon emissions in all its aspects, and breaking the carbon-reduction problem at the source. At the same time, the company actively promoted the green hydrogen project.
The Innermont project, which includes 400,000 tonnes/year of green hydrogen-coalene, will be the only global project to replace fossil energy with fossil fuels for the production of high-end chemical products. Multiplier. Given that the company is the leader of the domestic coal industry, the cost advantages are significant, Ningdong and Inner Mongolia projects
An orderly push, with the first “buy-in” rating covered.
The company, based on coal selection, has achieved the separation, gradation and full utilization of coal resources along the technical lines of coal, coke, gas, gas, oil, and multi-power cogeneration, forming three operational blocks of acrylic products, caramel products and fine-chemistry products.
In May 2019, Bo Fong energy was officially listed at the drop-off point, which evolved into a leading domestic coal-based industry. The company has a clear equity structure and a high concentration of shares. 1) The company actually controls 7.53% of the company owned directly by Yingbao of the Humanist Party.
At the same time, the company has nine holding and wholly-owned subsidiaries, of which Bo Fung Coal Coal is responsible for the production and sale of coal, the production and marketing of products related to the coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Co. Ltd. is responsible for the production and sale of new high-end coal-based materials.
1.2. The company has sufficient reserves for the construction of projects that will gradually release up to tonnes/year, 1.1 million tonnes/year of polypropene production, 7 million tonnes/year of coke production, and 9.16 million tonnes/year of coal mining (including rights)
In 2023-2025, as the three phases of the Ningxia project and the one in Inner Mongolia project continued to produce, production increased by 1.3. Profitability rose robustly, and the profit level was a leader in the industry, contributing to the project and profits doubled. In 2019-2021, the company ' s operating income and net return to the mother were doubled.
The doubling of lubricant growth is mainly due to two factors: 1) the contribution of the company ' s FFA II and Focal III projects to high production capacity. 2) The increase in market price volatility for FFOs and coke products in 2021, which contributed to a downward trend in the company ' s unit price for the sale of FEN, polypropylene and caramel products, coupled with persistent pressure on the company ' s cost side and a fall in profits.
The company’s main business structure is optimal, and the Maori level is generally stable. The company’s main business is gradually optimized, with coal-based and caramel-based products accounting for about 90% of revenue. For Māori, the company’s overall Māori ratio for the period 2016-2021 was not sufficient to supply an additional 3 million tonnes/year of caramel production, and the cost is at the end of the price of coal from raw materials.
In terms of overall profitability, the range of bountiful energy from 2011 to 2022 was higher than the industry average, with good profitability. Rates are declining, R & D costs are rising, and companies focus on productivity improvements and cleanliness while reducing efficiency gains.
Research and development investment in energy substitution. In terms of solvency, the corporate asset-liability ratio for 2016-2021 has been gradually reduced and rising, but the liquidity and speed ratio has been maintained at a reasonable level and the company as a whole has a good solvency.
2.1. Coal-headed HFOs are currently the most profitable, globally produced HFOs in three main processes: 1) oils (mainly pyrocephalus), which decomposition into smaller molecules, including ethylene and C, by the reaction of high-temperature high-pressure fissions from refined crude oils.
Acetylene, butylene, etc., acetylene compounds. 2) Light hydrocarbon fission, which dehydrates the alkaline material through high temperature fission to form a maleic acetylene product. 3) Coal (containing an out-purchase of methanol), which converts the gas purified after gasification and purification into methanol, to ethylene and acetylene products.
Polyvinylene imports are less dependent, production is based on oil, and coal-based hydrocarbons are an important complement. In 2022, our imports of polyethylene were 13,458 tons, a decrease of 7.68 per cent compared to the same period in 2021, and dependence on imports was reduced to 34.3 per cent; and our imports of polypropene were consistently low, falling to 13.86 per cent in 2022.
Self-sufficient. Imports of polypropylene are expected to decrease further in the future as new production becomes available. Figure 15: Supply and demand of polyethylene in the country, 2018-2022. Coal-based acetylene routes are more profitable. For example, polyethylene oils/mto/cto/ethanes are concentrated in 2022.
The profit of ethylene single-tons is 262/112/+145+662/tons, while the international oil price rises have led to a significant reduction in the profits of oil-based hydrocarbons, while while coal prices have also increased significantly, the cost of raw materials for coal-based hydrocarbons is much less than for oil-based hydrocarbons, while coal prices have had less impact on the cost end than for oil-based hydrocarbons. As of October 2023, paracetral oils/mto/cto/ethylene polyethylenes were less expensive.
Average monthly single-ton profits are 288/+120/+1582/tons, and the profitability of coal-based hydrocarbons is still greater than the other routes and has a significant competitive advantage.
2.2.1. The high synergy in the industrial chain and the high efficiency of the start-up rate are among the core reasons for the lowest cost of the company ' s coal-based maleic hydrocarbons, and the high rate of industrial chain-high synergy plus project start-up.
The cost of a single ton of coal-fired hydrocarbons has increased, but is still lower than that of medium coal energy. The company ' s Ningdong project has a high degree of synergy in the industrial chain: the Ningdong Phase II project uses low-cost coal furnaces to recover gas for the construction of co-methanol and combustible exhaust methanol devices, which are less expensive and less expensive for combustibles than for the out-sourcing of coal; and the Ningdong Phase IV project returns the by-products.
The company ' s coal-based hydrocarbon project has a high rate of start-up: more than 100% of production capacity has been used since the company ' s coal-based hydrocarbon project was launched. This is higher than the national capacity utilization rate for coal-based production. The rate of start-up continues to be high.
The company ' s coal-based hydrocarbon project is in the forefront of the industry, with a low single-ton investment. On the scale of the project, the coal-based hydrocarbon is in the forefront of the industry, while the first phase of the project, based in Inner Mongolia, has a planned capacity of 3 million tons, the largest coal-based hydrocarbon project in the country in the last decade.
50%, with the remaining investment, depreciation costs, variations in investment efficiency will significantly affect the cost of depreciation and the level of total cost. The company ' s new coal-based hydrocarbon project has a single ton of investment of 1.6 to 24,000 yuan per ton, an industry-owned ton of investment of 24 to 610,000 yuan per ton, the company ' s coal-based ton of investment is more efficient, and the project ' s intensification is leading the industry.
2.2.3. Technology upgrades increase efficiency, and dmto-3-generation technology is applied to the Inner Mongolia project to significantly increase the treatment of methanol in single industrial devices and reduce consumption by 10% methanol monomer. dmtomol-based hydrocarbon technology refers to the use of methanol in coal or natural gas synthesis as a feedstock, using fluidized bed reverses similar to catalytic fission devices.
In form, the chemical technology for the production of low-carbon acrylic acrylic acrylic acrylic accelerates. Dmto-ii uses a new efficient flow bed reactor and reduces the by-actions with a new generation of catalysts, increasing the size of the acrylic acrylic acrylic acrylic acrylic acrylic acrylic accelerates from 600,000 tonnes/year to 1 million tonnes/year.
The company’s inter-Mongolian project applied dmto-iii technology, which was the first global project to replace fossil-energy biomass with green hydrogen on a scale. The company’s intra-Mongolian project had a total capacity of 3 million tonnes/year, of which 400,000 tonnes was achieved by supplementing the green hydrogen production with methanol (replenishing the hydrogen to reduce the transformation response in the gasification device, thereby increasing the production of methanol and eventually increasing the production of sulfate).
Hydrocarbons), including 16.51 million tonnes/year of polyethylene, 137.12 million tonnes/year of polypropylene and sulfur, heavy carbon 4, mtbe, ethylene tar, c5. The Inner Mongolia project has a regional advantage and transport costs are low.
The Tuck Industrial Project Area of the Development Area, located in our important coal production area and closer to the downstream sales areas of Chinadong and North China than the Ningdong Energy Chemical Base, has the advantage of transportation costs for the sale of raw materials and products, which reduces the company ' s combined costs and enhances its profitability.
The company is constantly upgrading its technology, and methanol monolithic consumption is decreasing. The company’s three-phased project layout at Ningxia Base, with 250,000 tons/year-old capacity, can be applied to photovoltaics, bubbles, cables, thermal molten glues and coatings, which have been associated with the rapid growth of the global photovoltaic industry in recent years, with the eva resin in the light.
3. Double-colour price recovery, company-coal coke integration advantages highlighted 3.1. Coal supply end limits and coke coke recovery
In 2023, the domestic production of coal was stable, and the price of coal as a whole appeared in the “v” font. In 2020-2022, the national production of coal was stable, while imports were close to the full year of 2022, mainly from coal imports following smooth land transport in Mongolia. In terms of prices, the price of refined coal was affected by a significant increase in imports in the first half of 2023.
The fall, supported by iron production in the second half of 2023, followed by a generally stable price after the Fourth Anniversary. Looking ahead, iron production in steel plants was close to its highest level between 2019 and 2022, with a slight rise in iron production in November and a willingness to replenish downstream steel plants, with a short-term upturn in coal prices; and a long-term look at downstream steel plants.
It is difficult to recover profitability, which leads to upstream raw materials, with limited room for double-collar price upswing. 3.2. Corporate coal production expands, and integration gains increase.
On the other hand, the company earns a difference between the price of coke products and the price of coal from raw materials. Tons/year (the Mallian coal mine increases by 400,000 tons/year and the red coal mine increases by 600,000 tons/year).
In the first half of 2022, the company converted its capacity to a million tons/year of coal coker production (including the capacity of the coal industry in the red beet industry), with a self-sufficiency rate of 45% having been stabilized after washing coal.
The supply and production of raw materials have significantly reduced the energy consumption, operation and management costs of the company, and the advantages of integration have resulted in a significantly better rate of Maori in the company’s coke business than in comparable companies. Thanks to the industry chain structure that is accompanied by coke production, the company can do part of the products of the coal plate compared to the industry’s deeper integration, concentration, and combustibility.
For the raw materials of coke products, the self-sufficiency rate is over 45%, the cost of self-produced coal is significantly lower than that of comparable companies, so the company has a strong material cost-control advantage within the industry, with the Maori rate of the coke business leading the industry.
Energy Treasures: In response to the deployment of the “double carbon” strategy, the Green Hydrogen Project was launched, and the coal industry needs to be overhauled in order to effectively curb the blind development of the “two-high” project and achieve carbon in order to promote energy-efficient technology reforms in energy-intensive industries.
Reaching peaks and carbon neutrality and targets, the National Development and Change Commission issued in 2022 an Implementation Guide for Energy Conservation and Upgrading in the High Energy Effort Sectors (version 2022), which provides clear direction and objectives for achieving energy efficiency and carbon reduction in the energy-intensive sectors.
Energy consumption limits have been further revised to provide higher standards for the development of clean energy sources and enhanced carbon emissions management in related areas. The paper states that by 2025, the coal-based methanol, coal-based hydrocarbons and coal-based ethanol should have a capacity ratio of 30%, 50% and 30% above the energy efficiency pole level, respectively, and the production capacity below the baseline level should have been essentially zero.
In recent years, Boone Energy has responded positively to the call of the National Clean Energy Development Strategy to implement a major national “double carbon” strategy and to focus more on carbon emissions management than comparable firms in the same industry.
Controlling carbon emissions, such as raw material reduction, process optimization, technological improvements, etc., rarely solves the problem of reducing carbon emissions at source, and no special energy-saving carbon-reduction project has been implemented. In 2020, bountiful energy began to build a demonstration base for solar electrolytic hydrogen storage and applications, reducing carbon from raw materials (new energy instead of traditional fossil energy), and reducing device emissions (new electrolytic hydrogen installations).
In addition, companies are focusing on the development of carbon-reduction awareness, training on specific topics and building “carbon-neutral” research and development platforms.
Table 7: Carbon abatement measures and effectiveness of companies listed in the coal industry 2019: organization of environmental managers to participate in specialized training on carbon emissions and trading organized by government departments and environmental associations; development of carbon emissions management systems, energy efficiency
Research on CO2 reduction and utilization projects is being carried out through three major management measures: electricity, gas, and coal conservation. 2020: a demonstration base for solar-powered hydro-hydrogen storage and applications, with the first direct supply of new energy sources to coal-chemical production systems.
2021: The first 30 electrolytic hydrogen plants to be built at 1,000 meters/hours to provide “green hydrogen” “green oxygen” directly to chemical plants, replacing raw materials of coal, fuel coal, hydrogen production and oxygen production; a carbon control team to conduct carbon peaks, carbon neutralization and thematic training. Some 380,000 tons of additional coal resources are consumed each year, 660,000 tons of additional carbon dioxide emissions are reduced each year, and 5 per cent of the total carbon emissions from new chemical abatement plants are added each year.
2022: Implementation of 28 projects on energy-efficient carbon reduction; construction of a “middle carbon” production research and development platform; afforestation, revegetation, and absorption of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere of the plant. Reduction of CO2 equivalent emissions 74,000 tonnes
(b) Control of emissions of botelelon units of power supply, co2; adjustment of coal mixing rates; increase of greening areas; and control of emissions from fuel fuels (co2) and outsourcing (co);
Carbon asset management. Carbon dioxide emissions from combustion of fossil fuels decreased by 10 per cent. 2022: Reduction of co-emissions by 4895 tonnes. 2022: Use of carbon abatement techniques in production. Reduction of co-emissions by 12,500 tonnes.
In the production process, complete process controls are strengthened. Process optimization, the introduction of energy-efficient carbon-reduction technologies, the selection of low-carbon equipment; strict implementation of government-imposed controls to improve air quality during the emergency response to heavy-pollution weather conditions, while ensuring safe production; and the expansion of production units in the area of soil mitigation.
Area road dusting, water spilling frequency, road hardening, plant greening; vehicle control, achieving zero-entry plants for vehicles under five in the heavy-duty country, effectively reducing vehicle tailings pollution. 2021: promoting green transformation of coal-based industrial chains and the development of low-carbon energy sources such as solar and wind power; promoting energy efficiency and co-mortation of carbon, coal enterprises
Optimization of coal mining design and open-air landfill transport routes, optimization of engine operating parameters for electric power enterprises, introduction of energy management information systems for precision control, process system optimization and residual energy recovery; promotion of low-carbon energy substitution, active use of clean energy sources such as air-pressure residual heat, natural gas, electricity, phasing out of small coal-fired boilers; strengthening of ecological restoration; carbon emissions management and improvement of carbon emissions management systems.
2022: New energy generation, energy-efficient carbon abatement, and use of carbon-reduction technologies in production processes. Reduction of CO2 equivalent emissions, 18704 tonnes. 4.3. Companies actively deploy green hydrogen industrial chains, opening new pathways for hydrogen co-coalene, 4.3.1. The production of hydrogen in the country is diversified, and green hydrogen is relatively low
The main methods of hydrogen production in the country are currently: 1) hydrogen produced through traditional fossil energy sources such as coal and natural gas, which account for about 81 per cent of the hydrogen source. 2) Hydrogen produced through industrial by-products such as furnace gas, which account for about 18 per cent of the hydrogen source. 3) Hydrogen produced through renewable energy sources electrolysis, which accounts for about 1 per cent of the hydrogen source. 4) Hydrogen produced through other physical, biotechnological methods, which are currently less applied.
By 2022, our hydrogen-source structure was dominated by traditional fossil energy sources, such as coal and natural gas, carbon dioxide emissions from hydrogen production processes, and a low proportion of hydrogen production methods, such as electrolytic hydrogen, that emitted non-pollutants. In the electrolytic hydrogen method, alkaline electrolysis cell is the most developed technology, largely based on electrochemistry.
The study reacts by decomposing water into hydrogen gas and oxygen, and dissecting the two poles of the cell. The main advantages of electrolytic hydrogen are: 1) high purity in hydrogen production. The purity of electrolytic hydrogen is more than 99%, higher than the conventional fossil fuel hydrogen method (about 80% purity). 3) It is simple to operate. The hydrolysis process does not require high temperature or pressure, which makes industrial production easier.
The energy consumed by the electrolysis process is electric and can produce 100% green hydrogen, combined with clean energy technologies such as nuclear energy, wind energy, and solar energy. However, there are some limitations to the electrolytic hydrogen: 1) higher electricity costs.
About $10.7/kg, gas hydrogen production costs about 15.3/kg, electrolytic hydrogen at 0.37/kwh, and “green hydrogen” production costs about 25 yuan/kg. “green hydrogen” can be equalized with natural gas hydrogen when electricity prices are 0.25/kwh; “green hydrogen” will be equalized with coal hydrogen when electricity prices are low to 0.10/kwh. 2) Energy conversion efficiency is currently low.
The production efficiency of hydrolysis hydrogen is about 60-75%, and there is still room for improvement compared to conventional fossil-energy hydrogen. Production costs are higher. The main cost of electrolytic hydrogen equipment is in precious metal catalysts, and changes in catalysts will be one of the main directions for future renewable energy, electrolytic hydrogen.
Global demand for renewable energy will increase dramatically in the future, and large market investment trends have created enormous opportunities for renewable hydrogen production, with global green hydrogen production expected to reach 23 million tons by 2029, and electrolytic hydrogen production expected to reach 20%. At the same time, as our “carbon peak, carbon neutrality”-related policies continue to fall, as well as future power grids and storage capacity.
Accompanied by industry, electrolytic hydrogen technology will become the mainstream development direction for our industrial hydrogen production in the future. 4.3.2. The company is expanding its green hydrogen production capacity, setting industry green poles. The company is actively pursuing clean energy alternative actions, vigorously developing the green hydrogen industry, and investing in “hydrogen production, rehydration, storage”
Hydrogens, hydrogens, hydrogens, hydrogens, hydrogens, hydrogens as an all-industrial chain of green hydrogen. The company is an industry-wide early-blown green hydrogen company that uses electrolytic hydrogen technologies to produce 99.999% hydrogen purity, which can be used extensively in the field of industrial rehydration and hydrogen energy transport. In 2021, the company first built 30 electrolytic hydrogen equipment that can produce 10,000 square hydrogens per hour, according to the company in 2022.
Sustainable Development Report that the company now has a green hydrogen production capacity of 600 million cubic metres/year, while the company is planning to become the world’s largest green hydrogen supplier in the future by expanding its green hydrogen production capacity of 10 billion cubic metres per year and millions of tons per year.
The Green Hydrogen Coupled Hydrocarbons project, which started in March 2023, uses “green power” as a “wind complementarities” for the production of green methanol and green methanol for the production of green cyanide, combined with state-of-the-art technology and equipment, will bring total energy conversion efficiency to 47.54 per cent.
Energy efficiency indicators are superior to current industry standards, driving companies to take a sustained lead in the cost advantage of their products, and will be the only global project to model fossil energy alternatives to fossil fuels for high-end chemical products.
At the same time, the company-connected enterprises' new energy sources and stocks together form the Green Hydrogen Industry Chain, in which the main energy industries produce multi-crystal silicon “green materials” for the use of green power generated by photovoltaic and wind power plants, and “green equipment” through gravy slices; and the main business of the rich storage capacity consists of the 250,000 tons of iron phosphate per year of the Positive Materials Project, 150,000.
Ton graphite negative material projects, 170,000 tons of electrolytic fluid projects and 100 gwh power cores and storage systems smart manufacturing plants, all of which will be supplied with home-made green power. The rapid growth of new energy sources and reservoirs provides industrial support for the production of renewable energy green hydrogen, and promotes the transformation of the company’s green coal industry.
5. Profit forecasts and investment recommendations 5.1. Key assumptions and profit projections tons, with sales totalling 158, 30, 5350,000 tonnes.
In the case of experimental production, the Ningdong IV project was put into production in 2025, and the company ' s production capacity in 2020-2022 was more than 100%, with near-full production, we believe that there is still a supply gap for the domestic polyethylene and polypropene products, and that import dependence is expected to decrease further. The company will maintain the current high rates of start-up and production.
The price of polypropylene is 6678, 6600 and 6600 per ton. On the one hand, the price of polyvinyl hydrocarbons is more sensitive to the price of crude oil because they are still produced in the country mainly on the headlines.
The average price of polyvinylene is 7018/8421/8409 per ton, and the average price of polypropylene is 7475/8598/8255 per ton. In 2023, our crude oil price was high and, according to our projections, international oil prices will remain high, so it is difficult to judge that the price of polyvinylene products will fall significantly.
34%. As the first phase of the company’s project in Mongolia is gradually coming into production, we expect that the value of the company’s projects will increase further, reducing the unit cost of production of polyolefins and increasing the efficiency of production. In October of this year, the company’s coke production capacity reached 7 million tons.
In the short term, after entering October 2023, although the coal mine has resumed work throughout the country, the resumption has been slow, the supply side is still under pressure, and downstream iron production is still high, driving the price of coke up. In the long run, downstream steel plants are affected by a policy of flat steel production control, and subsequent iron production is not expected to be sustainable.
Il, the price of coke is limited and the ability of coke to repair space is limited. Self-supply of the end-coal is such that we expect the company to further reduce the cost of coal production and to increase the cost of coal production, 3 and refined industrial products: mainly benzene, mtbe, modified asphalt, styrene, needles, eva and
Other chemicals. The company’s projects Ningdong III and Inner Mongolia III are moving forward, increasing the production of by-products, which can be processed into fine chemical products, and increasing the company’s performance.
Coal Chemical Industries, with products ranging from chemical fertilizers, basic chemicals, new chemical materials, new energy materials, etc., to four large plates; (b) 10,000 watts of chemistry are domestic chemical pioneers, covering polyurethane clusters such as mdi, tdi, polyether polyols, petrochemical clusters such as acrylic acid and esters, epoxypropanes, hydropud, pa lacterium, tpu, adi series, etc.
The chemicals and materials industry cluster; 3) Precious petrochemicals are the country ' s largest direct-drilling longline production enterprise, operating the world ' s largest single-body refinery, 40 million tons of petrochemical integration project, and the country ' s oil-based hydrocarbon taps, with a high degree of operational relevance. 4) Rusy Chemical Industries are integrated chemical industries that collect chemicals, fertilizers, equipment manufacturing and technology for development.
It covers the chain of coal, salt, fluorine silicone industries and actively develops new chemical materials. (5) Huachang chemicals use gas to be the source of the chain of industry, with main products including fertilizers, pure alkaline and polyols.
In addition, Precious petrochemicals has a 51% stake in petrochemicals, which is 11.9 times the company ' s pe value in 2024, and the value of the company is slightly higher than comparable companies. Given that the company is the leading industry in the domestic coal industry, there is sufficient capacity for new production, with upstream coal, green hydrogen and industrial chain integration.
The capacity will be further strengthened, and we look forward to the company’s development prospects, with the first “buy-in” rating being covered. Price fluctuations in raw materials: the domestic production supply pattern of polyfins is still dominated by oil headlines, and crude oil prices have a significant impact on the prices of polyolefin products.
Coal-based hydrocarbon operations can affect the cost of raw materials to companies and the level of Māori rates if the price of coal fluctuates significantly. Product demand is not as high as expected: downstream demand industries such as agriculture, light labour, steel, etc. for corporate products will affect company performance if downstream demand is not as high as expected.
The project was not as successful as expected: the company's three-phased project in Ningdong had entered the pilot phase and the Inner Mongolia project was continuing; if the project did not progress as expected, it would have an impact on the company's business performance.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.