Coal-based acrylic hydrocarbons continue to increase in size, and the cost will be further optimized by the basic chemical industry, chemical materials, and the company, with modern coal industry at its core, develops the co-generation economy of coal Quito.
The three core product lines of HCs and fine-chemicals reached 46% and 41% respectively in 2022. The company based on coal selection, coal, coke, gas, chemistry, oil, and multi-electric production, forming a more complete chain of industrial coal-chemical cycle industries.
The energy structure of the country is still “coal-rich, oil-poor, gas-poor” and oil and gas-dependent. The development of coal-chemicals to replace petroleum resources, taking full advantage of domestic coal resources, will help to ensure the country's energy strategy.
Economics are more important than ethylene fission devices. Coal industry policies are aimed at promoting high-quality industry development. 52 weeks of maximum/minimum prices.
The company has its own coal mine, which currently produces 8.2 million tonnes/year of coal, and the coal mine that is under construction will reach 11.2 million tonnes (including equity capacity).
Production, with an increase in production capacity from 1.2 million tons to 2.2 million tons, and an additional 3 million tons of polyolefins project, with a total production capacity expected to reach 5.2 million tons in 2024.
One of the core technologies used by companies is the continuous optimization of dmto technology, which reduces the single consumption of raw materials, etc. The company’s coal supply zone is clearly superior, the project base is rich in coal resources, land, water, transport, etc.
Coal purchase prices, freight, etc. have some advantages. At the same time, the company Bo Fung Energy (600989.sh) - Profit restoration of coal-based hydrocarbons, where new projects are increasing.
Development of “green hydrogen” contribution “carbon peaks, carbon neutrality” could also further improve its energy efficiency levels.
Improved Performance Rings for Treasure Energy (600989.sh) - 2023q1 and Establishment of Replenishment Building Short-term Performance Pressure for Treasure Energy (600989.sh) - q4 with sufficient productive capacity Increase in profitability and maintenance of the “buy-in” rating.
Less than expected: safety and environmental risks; policy risks, etc. Corporate profile: at the heart of modern coalification, coal Quito co-production, cycling economy demonstration, etc.
The main products are polyethylenes, polypropylene, coke, pure benzenes, retrofitted asphalt, mtbe, etc., covering the main areas of the coal industry. As a pioneer in the new coal-efficient coal-based materials industry, the main sources of energy are caramel, hydrocarbons, and so on.
The three core product lines for fine chemicals represent the advanced level of concentration and integration in the coal industry, with companies based on coal selection, with modern coal processing at its core, achieving the separation, classification and full utilization of coal resources along the technological lines of coal, coke, gas, gas, oil, electricity-rich cogeneration.
The coal-industrial cycle economic chain is a typical example of the coal Quito conglomerate economy model. Companies have enhanced national energy security by using coal to produce high-end chemical products instead of imported oil. At the same time, companies are also exploring new energy solutions to replace fossil energy sources, actively pursuing the country’s Western development and double carbon strategy.
At the level of the equity structure, there is a high concentration of equity, with the real control of the human party Yingbao holding 55% of the shares in direct and indirect ways. Ningxia Bo Fung Group Limited (the “Bonogroup”) is the first major shareholder.
He owns 35.57% of the company ' s shares; as the second largest shareholder, he owns 27.27% of the shares. He owns 7.53% of the company ' s shares and 48% of the company ' s shares indirectly. He is a Chinese national born in February 1973 and has no right of permanent residence abroad.
After accumulating some wealth, such as cashmere, coal and oil, the Ningxia Bo-fung Group was formed to work in such industries as Merchant and Trade, Logistics Transport, Real Estate, and in 2005 to create Bo-fung energy as Chairman of Bo-fung Energy, and from 2012 to now as Chairman of Ning Sha-fung Group Limited.
In December 2021, the Bo Fung Group signed a contract with Ningxia and the Silverkawa City to invest a total of $69.2 billion in storage batteries at the Silver and Silver Industries Park.
Construction of high-standard storage-cell smart manufacturing plants; construction of 500,000 tons of phosphate-based iron and phosphate, 300,000 tons of graphite, 340,000 tons of electrolyte: construction of 6gw light-voltaic power stations, etc., in Ningdong. Other operations of the Bo Fung Group include planning for the construction of 100,000 acres of high-quality phosphorus bases, and 3gwp above planning
The Photovoltaic Power project, the construction of the 10,000-house high-end old-age community and the high-end tri-aquatic hospital, the Ningxia Swalleen Charitable Energy Agency, using a system of professional managers, ensures efficient management. The company’s key management groups, mainly from the coal industry, refining and coal mining, have a wealth of management experience.
The company's dividends were positive, and the shareholder returns were high. Since it was marketed in 2019, the accumulated cash share of Bo Fong energy had reached RMB 10.2 billion, with a share payment rate of 32.49 per cent and a dividends rate of 3.69 per cent in 2022.
Economic chain for the recycling of new high-end coal-based materials of the energy-rich energy source: primary coal, after washing, produces fine coal, Chinese coal, coal, mud and stone; fine coal, through cokering, produces coke, with co-production of coker gas, kerosene and crude benzene; medium coal, coal sludge, for steam and electricity generation. Coal and powder gas, when combined, produces methanol; methanol
It is produced through the dmto process; it is separated, polymerized and produced polyethylene and polypropylene, while producing carbon by-products four and five.
Processing, production of mtbe (methylbutyl ether), 1-butylene, heavy carbon 4; heavy carbon 4 through carbon 4 isomer devices, figure 3: New coal-based coal-based material recycling economic chains of bountiful energy sources.
Phase I: Prior to the acquisition of Toyota Environment in 2013, the main products were coke, pure benzene, modified asphalt, and phase II: prior to the acquisition of Toyochi Environment in 2013 and the production of the CYFA project in 2014, the main products were coke, pure benzene, modified asphalt and methanol.
Phase III: Post-natal delivery of the Caramel Integrated Use of Hydrocarbons project in 2014 until 2016 for carbon-deep processing, with all methanol used for its own use, mainly polyethylene, polypropylene, coke, pure benzene, modified asphalt. Phase IV: Post-natal delivery of the carbon-deep processing project in 2016, with the main products being polyethylene, polypropene, coke, coke, coke, coke.
Benzene, modified asphalt, mtbe. Table 3: Company-owned products with good mechanics and process performance, resistant to chemical corrosion, low temperature, can be plasticized,
Squeezing or plasticization into agricultural membranes, packagings, wire cables, tubes, medium-empty containers and coatings Polyethylene Mechanical balance, resistance, resistance to chemical corrosion, resistance to stress, grinding, easy to process, can
110°C for long-term use in food packaging, clothing packaging, heavy belts, ropes, furniture, blowing polypropylene plastic packagings, cars, fibre-optic cables, etc.
Solid products of distilled coal, mainly used in furnace smelting, can also be used in casting, making electrostones and semi-water cokering products Pure products of coker cokering crude benzene, which is an important basic chemical feedstock, which can be used as solvents, synthetics, etc.
Derivatives, dyes, spices, medicines, explosives, rubber, plastics, etc.
Alteration asphalt can be used as an additive to high-octanane gasoline, often used to reconcile unleaded and low-lead gasoline; or as a feedstock for rubber and other chemical products; and for methylpropylene.
Production of formaldehyde and methacrylic acid The main sources of revenue for companies are carcinogens and acetylene products. In 2022 and the first half of 2023, the share of companies in product panels reached 46 per cent, 42 per cent and Māori 50 per cent and 45 per cent, respectively;
Since 2017, the Māori rate has tended to be higher for corporate caramel products than for AFOs. Depending on factors such as oil and coal prices, there are fluctuations in the profitability of the company ' s caramelization, the future expansion of the AFO project, and the expected increase in plate collection and Māori share.
Figure 6: Māori ratio of the Treasure Energy Sub-Operations, Figure 7: Prices of Treasure Energy Products ($/t) Coalized Energy Support, with Economic Balances
The energy structure of the country is still “coal-rich, oil-poor, gas-rich, oil-rich, and gas-dependent.” Low-carbon hydrocarbons, predominantly ethylene and acrylic, are an important basic organic material, and the technology for production of low-carbon hydrocarbons is based on the cracking of petrocephalic oil and heavily dependent on oil resources.
A million-ton-grade plant needs to be equipped with millions of tons of oil refineries to supply fuel for oil. The development of coal chemical alternatives to petroleum resources, taking full advantage of domestic coal resources, will help to safeguard the country’s energy strategy.
In 2022 and the second half of 2023, the cost of high crude oil-led hydrocarbons increased significantly, oil-based hydrocarbons were under more profitable and low production and use continued, while the corresponding pre-tax device for the coal-based hydrocarbon process was significantly higher than the acetylene for oil-based hydrocarbons.
The cost advantage is evident from the fission device. Usually, the coal-based acrylic process routes include cto and mto, where the whole industry chain has coal-based acrylic hydrocarbons, i.e. coal-based methanol and methanol-based acrylic hydrocarbons, known as cto; methanol-based acrylic hydrocarbons, i.e. no coal-based methanol, where methanol depends on out-sourcing, known as mto.
Cto, mto, ethylene fission (oil-based acetylene hydrocarbons); polypropylene (pp) production processes are dominated by ethylene fission, cto, mto, pdh (propane dehydrated acetylene acetylene, representative process of air-based acetylene acetylene) and excrete acrylate pp. For the last five years, more time cto devices have produced polyethylene and polypropene.
The new national and provincial government policies provide a strong basis for focusing support on building projects within the national plan, achieving high-quality and healthy development of the industry, and preventing low-level blind expansion.
In March 2017, the National Development and Reform Commission and the Ministry of Industry and Communications issued the Program for the Innovative Development of the Modern Coal Industry, which requires single-series installations with an annual capacity of 500,000 tonnes and above, with an overall energy efficiency of more than 44%, and a combined energy consumption of less than 2.8 tonnes of coal per unit of hydrocarbon products.
The energy consumption limit (gb30180) is calculated by using less than 16 tonnes of fresh water. These provisions make it more difficult to approve a coal-based hydrocarbon project, raising the process, energy consumption and environmental requirements of the coal-based hydrocarbon project and significantly raising the entry threshold for industry administration.
Table 4: Industry policy of the company
In 2016, the Ministry of Industry and Communications conducted a demonstration of the engineering and industrial upgrading of key technologies for modern coal-chemicals.2 A demonstration of the upgrading of coal-based hydrocarbons was carried out to integrate the development of national petrochemical and chemical industries between November and November, with the modest development of methanol-based hydrocarbons, propane dehydrocylene and the upgrading of non-oil-based products in ethylene and C.
Planning (2016-2020) The share of the production of maleene increases its ability to protect itself.1 The country ' s coal resources are relatively abundant, and innovative technologies are being used to develop the modern coal industry to ensure the safety of the petrochemical industry.
The promotion of diversification of petrochemical materials is important.2 The planning layout includes the development of four demonstration areas of the modern coal industry located in 2017 in the central territory of the Ministry of Industry and Communications, in which the world's leading modern coal industry is being developed.
The total amount of new coal conversions in each demonstration area during the period “13th Five” must be kept within 20 million tons (coal fuel, excluding coal oil, coal gas, etc.).3 New coal-based hydrocarbons and coal-based aromatic hydrocarbons projects must be included in the innovation of the modern coal industry.
With regard to further strengthening the regulatory system for the January consumption and recycling of plastics, the development of a multiplicity of systems of co-management, the development of alternative products and the application of water for further upgrading, and the effective control of plastic contamination.
The National Commission for the Development and Reform of Energy of the People ' s Republic of China and the State will be able to optimize the configuration and production structure of coal development by 2020, promote safe and green mining of coal, encourage the development of a recycling economy in mining areas, promote the clean and efficient use of coal in April, and properly develop coal-based fuel and chemical raw materials.
The Central State Council of the Communist Party of China has decided to optimize the energy supply and demand structure in 2020.
In May, coal graded ladders were used to demonstrate steady upgrading of coal-based oils, coal gas, coal-based hydrocarbons, etc. Guidance on the development of new patterns suggests a self-sufficiency rate of 75% of the new 14th-five chemical materials, representing more than 10% of the total chemical industry.
The petroleum and chemical industry “XIV China Oil and Chemical Industry Federation 2021 high-end polyolefins, engineering plastics, high-performance fluorosilica materials, high-performance membrane materials, electronic chemicals, bio-based and degradable materials for a month, and key raw materials such as adihydrazine, high-carbon acetylene conglomerates, and ferro-metal catalysts.
With a focus on capacity supplementation and diversification of raw materials, four key modern coal industry demonstration areas, namely, Ordos, Shaanxi, Ningxianingdong, Xinjiang and others, were planned in the layout. First, higher levels of energy efficiency poles and baseline levels were established, with a level of 2.8 tons of energy consumption poles per unit of coal-based hydrocarbons.
The National Development Reform Commission, Ecoringse Coal/Totonsylene 2021, with a baseline level of 3.3 tons of Coal/Totonsylene.
To build the energy and strategic resource base.
Model project “Integration of the Source Network”, which uses wind resources for industrial and industrial development in the Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region in 2021. Promotion of integrated development of hydrogen gas extraction, storage, transport and applications. “Creating the greening, fine-tuning and recycling of the modern coalification industry chain in October. In principle, no new batches will be issued except for ongoing projects and the inclusion of national planning projects.
National Development Commission, Ministry of Industry and Communications, among others, set out guidelines for the implementation of energy-saving and carbon-reducing improvements in the modern coal industry in 42022. By 2025, coal-based methanol, coal-based hydrocarbons, coal-based acetylene and coal-based acet.
Application guidelines (version 2022); currently 30 per cent, 50 per cent and 30 per cent of capacity in the diol industry to achieve energy efficiency poles and above, respectively, with basic real capacity below baseline level
Guidelines for the implementation of carbon modification upgrades An orderly push for the refining project “Reducing more oil” and extension of the petrochemical industrial chain. Strict control of refining oil, ammonium, electrostone, yellow phosphorus, etc.
High-end, diversified, low-carbonized development in March, with a steady and orderly development of modern coal-chemicals in accordance with ecological priorities, water-based production, volume control, aggregate development requirements. The circular clarified the basic definition and specific scope of feedstock energy use, i.e. energy products are not used as fuel, power, but as living.
Raw materials and materials use for non-energy products in 2022. Coal, oil, gas and their products used for the production of non-energy uses, aromatic hydrocarbons, hydroxylene, ethanol, synthetic ammonia, etc., that are not included in energy consumption in October, are included in feedstock energy use; they are not used as fuel or power.
The National Development and Reform Commission, the Ministry of Industry and Communications, the “13th” phase of each demonstration area identified for the promotion of modern coal industry since 2023, from the strict control of the size of modern coal production and the consumption of new coal.
In June, priority will be given to completing the country’s clear task of heating coal for electricity generation and not to use coal for the construction of modern coal-chemical projects. The Ministry of Resources, the Ministry of Eco-Environment, the Ministry of Water, the Ministry of Emergency Management, etc.
Carcinogens use the power of coal resources to secure the roots of coal resources The coker industry has coal resources at its core The company's industrial chain of coker products: raw coal and fine coal and coke. The company's home-grown coals are blended with foreign coals.
Washing, production of fine coal, medium coal, coal peat and stone; production of coke (including smelting and chemical coke) by combustible processes, with a proportion blending of self-produced fine coal with extra-procured fine coal, and by-product of coker gas. Coal, coal, and sulfon are not suitable for long-range transport due to low heat, narrow use, and low value.
The coal resources are mainly powered coal, and the coal resources are relatively small. The coal resources are concentrated, and the coal reserves in the mountains and west are more than half of the total reserves. In terms of the breakdown, the coal is made for high volatilization.
Coal (including one third of coal) is dominated, coal-rich, coal-coated sulfur fractions, ash fractions are high, and high-quality coal-smelting resources are scarce, and the gap is mainly dependent on imports. Over the last five years, coal production and consumption has risen steadily, yields have increased, end-increment space is small, and downstream steel markets remain resilient, underpinning the demand for coal.
Figure 13: China ' s monthly production and consumption of coal refined (tonnes) Figure 14: China ' s monthly imports and exports of coal refined (tonnes)
The rate of work has remained at around 80%, relatively stable. In 2023, the stocks of coal refined in the six main ports were at a low level, while the stocks of coal refined in steel and carcinogens were at a medium low level for almost five years. Under low stocks, the supply and demand of the coal market has been tight, pushing prices up.
Figure 16: China’s weekly inventory of cokers (tonnes of tons) The price difference between coke and cokers is low. The company’s raw materials at the coker plant are based on a third of the coal, mixed with appropriate amounts of compost, gas, small quantities of primary coal, and thin coal.
The price of raw coal and coke products is relatively low because they are non-marked for near-secondary and below-scale coke. From the industry, the char-carrying price difference is currently at a low level for seven years, pending the rise in downstream demand to drive the coke market, and the supply of coal to ease cost pressures.
In 2022, the company increased its capacity by 3 million tons of coal. The price of coke fluctuated due to the price of coal, downstream demand, the macroeconomic situation, and policy influences, the company owns the coal mine, which supports the ground. The company has three coal-producing coal producing capacity of 8.2 million tons/year, and one is building coal mine (Tanjiang coal mine).
Production capacity is 900,000 tonnes/year, totalling 9.1 million tonnes/year, and a further 4.8 million tonnes/year of coal production, including equity capacity. The Māori rate for corporate cokering is higher than for most companies.
The difference in the Māori rate in the enterprises producing coke is mainly due to differences in the self-sufficiency rates of coal raw materials in enterprises, where the carbon self-sufficiency rate is around 50 per cent, which lowers the cost of production.
Charcoal is used mainly in iron and steel, in the smelting of non-ferrous metals, in casting, and in the chemical industry. The iron and steel industry, as the main consumer of coke, has a direct impact on the coke industry. The steel and steel industry, as the backbone of the national economy, has downstream users in buildings, machinery, appliances, automobiles, shipbuilding, energy facilities and petrochemicals, and is strong.
The cyclical sector, with its climate, is closely linked to macroeconomics. We are rich in coke. The annual composite rate of growth in carbon production and apparent consumption was 2 per cent in 2018-2022, and the domestic supply was abundant, with exports well above imports. The load rate is almost 70 per cent.
According to the typical provinces (Sanxi, Hebei, Shandong), char profits in the second half of 2023 are in figure 24: China ' s coke week start-up load rate (%): typical provinces ' coke week Māori (RM/ton)
The stock of coke is low. In the second half of 2023, the stock of coke port is generally low, the social stock of metallurgical coke is also the lowest in five years, and the stock of coke in the main steel plant in Hebei and Shandong is low. The stock is low or will be one of the factors driving the process.
Figure 28: China ' s monthly smelting stock (tonnes) and figure 29: days of coke storage (days) in mainstream steel plants, with a steel price index of 118.86, compared with 1.0%. Since 2007, the country ' s crude steel production has increased overall.
Demand will remain more resilient in terms of infrastructure, high-end manufacturing, auto power, exports, etc. Figure 31: China ' s monthly production of rough steel (tonnes)
The country’s policy in the focal sector is mainly to phase out backward capacity and to reduce excess capacity, especially in the highly populated, environmentally poor-quality Kyoto and surrounding areas, and the heavily contaminated areas of the plains.
The Ningdong III project was launched, and the Inner Mongolia project contributed to high-growth growth, and the company ' s ability to produce Fahrenheit was expanded, with significant advantages. The Ningdong Triple Project has now been completed, with an increase in production capacity from 1.2 million to 2.2 million tonnes, and an additional 3 million tonnes of PFO project is expected to produce Fahrenheit.
In 2024, the total capacity will be 5.2 million tons. The scale of the production capacity has increased significantly, contributing companies' performance. Oil-based hydrocarbons remain the dominant process, and the price of hydrocarbons is highly relevant to oil prices.
The production of ethylene and acetylene from paracetylene oil has been the main route for the production of ethylene and acetylene. In recent years, the coal-based production of polyolefins has continued with the production of coal-based hydrocarbons and the production of coal-rich western regions has become the main source of polyvinylene expansion.
The price of acetylene is highly correlated with the price of oil. The price of polyethylene and polypropylene is higher than the price of crude oil, which is an important support for the cost side of polyvinylene, and the price of oil is expected to rise steadily. Coal and crude oil are also one of the main sources of energy.
There is a general convergence, but the price of coal is slightly less relevant to the price of acetylene than oil prices. The field of acrylic applications is wide, with both supply and demand increasing polyethylene (pe) being a thermal plastic resin made from ethylene polymers. Pe no stench, no poison, hands feeling wax.
Good cryogenic properties (minimum use temperatures ranging from -100 to -70°C), chemical stability, and resistance to most acid erosion. Insoluble at normal temperatures, low water inhalation and excellent electro-insulation. Widely used in the film, blow, insignia, tubes and wire cables industries, 2022, pe's first-largest downstream.
Polypropylene (pp) is a thermal plastic resin and is one of the five common synthetic resins. Polypropene products are superior to other synthetic resins in terms of heat resistance, corrosion resistance, transparency, and are widely used in the production of daily goods such as packaging, fibres, automobiles, appliances, and industrial products, and have also been used more widely in the medical field in recent years.
In 2022, the radish products accounted for about 36% of the consumption, and the radish products were mainly used for packaging plastic fabrics, such as food, fertilizer and cement.
Toys, washing machines, cars, swing tanks, etc.. pp fibres are widely used in medical, personal hygiene, clothing, etc. Polyolefin tubes are non-toxic, warm, resilient and corrosive compared to pvc tubes; Light weight, strong shock resistance, strong corrosion resistance compared to steel tubes, water supply, heating, gas supply tubes.
Both supply and demand increase. Import dependence is expected to continue to decrease after the expansion of domestic production capacity in the future. Figure 38: Annual production, apparent consumption and import dependence. Polyethylene proposed for construction remains dominated by the ethylene fission process, with approximately 3.67 million tons, mt0/ct0 capacity.
With the continued construction of traditional large ethylene and refined oil projects, along with the faster development of the coal-chemical industry and of the aerocarbon mix, the production capacity of high-cost devices (e.g., ethylene fission) will be reduced.
Of the project ' s capacity, ethylene fission, pdh, cto, mto, ex-propylene route production was approximately 470, 785, 260, 40, 450,000 tonnes respectively. Coal-based hydrocarbon production accounted for no significant improvement and bountiful energy production accounted for more than half of the capacity of coal-based production.
The company has a high capacity and Māori is leading the industry in the production chain of the company ' s products: carpentry gas + coal gas hydrazine polyethylene, polypropylene.
After sulfur, ammonium sulfate, production of net furnace gas; after conversion of net furnace gas, production of converted gas. After powder gasification, production of crude gas, converted and purified, production of net synthetic gas.
The production of methanol is combined with a synthetic process. Methanol is produced through the dmto process, and the production of polyethylenes, polypropylene, polypropylene, by-products, carbon, carbon, and so on.
The production of polyacetene and polypropylene is generally stable under constant capacity.
Fig. 43: Treasure energy, polypropylene production (tonnes of tons) The company, polyvinyl alloys plate, has the lead rate in its peers.
Cost-control is excellent in all its aspects. Cost advantage one: lower investment per ton, higher demand for corporate investment, higher financial barriers, single ton investment in corporate projects.
In industry, the production capacity of the coal-based hydrocarbon projects that have been completed and are under construction is usually over 600,000 tonnes/year and up to 10 billion yuan/year. Since the project requires a huge amount of funding, much higher than that of a paracetral oil cracker, financing also plays an important role, and the project can be financed either from the company’s own funds or from external sources (equity).
In terms of single tons of investment, the amount of single tons of energy invested is better within the industry. One-time planning, centralized layout, phased implementation of the company’s circular economic chain, has resulted in a mega-several cluster of industries that has significantly reduced investment in single-sized projects, public infrastructure investment and financial costs.
Cost advantage two: dmto technology optimization, reduced single consumption of raw materials, the BFL project, which brings together the world's most advanced and mature technology, gives priority to the manufacture of domestically produced equipment before fulfilling performance requirements, with a national production rate of more than 98%.
In-depth collaboration between research institutes and equipment manufacturing companies, gasification is based on 6.5 mpa multi-pesser jet technology at the University of China-dong-Technology, water syrup and pressure gasification techniques, purification of low-temperature methanol washing technology from the German company Linde, methanol synthesis using the low-pressure methanol synthesis technology from the British company Davy, and methanol gas release uses membrane separation and transform adsorption.
Hydrogen recovery, sulphur recovery using the Sulphur recovery technology of the Qingjima 3D Corporation, methanol-based maleic hydrocarbons using the latest dmto-3-generation technology of the Chinese Academy of Science and Technology of the Dalian Chemical Physics, aromatic separation and light hydrocarbons using the former depropane process technology of the United States of America kbr and scoreTM steam fission technology, polyethylene using the Baseii company of Germany
Polypropylene uses the best petrochemical and coal-chemical process technical equipment at the global level, such as the univation company ' s unipol gas flow bed process technology, to build a demonstration project for a new high-end coal-based material industry with the most advanced technology in a global monomer.
The dmto device is the core of the modern coal-based Ctoylene (cto) plant. In 1982, the Dalian Institute of Chemical Physics (dicp) began researching the mto process with government support. After many years of research and development, a series of innovations and innovations were made in catalysts, counter-reaction processes, engineering and industrialization packages, eventually with China.
The co-development of the methanol-based acrylic acrylic acrylic acrylic acrylic acrylic acrylic acrylic acrylates (co and h2) in the cto device and then converted to methanol through the methanol synthesizing device.
After the device, methanol can be further transformed into ethylene and acrylic. After the separation device, high purity acetylene and acetylene can be used in the production of polymers and other downstream derivatives.
The tower system, the acid soda system, the main air supply system, and the steam system. The fluidized bed reactor regenerator system. The demonstration device was completed, and the dmto technology was first authorized to the God China Group to build the world's first cto plant. The plant was designed to convert 1.8 million tonnes/year of methanol into 600,000 tonnes/year of polyethylene/year.
(pe) and polypropylene (pp). The plant was successfully put into production on 8 August 2010 and tests found that the production of 1t low-carbon hydrocarbons (ethylene and acrylic) required the consumption of about 2.97t methanol. dmt0 technologies are constantly innovative, mainly in terms of processes and catalysts.
The dmto-ii and dmto-iii technologies have been successfully developed and commercialized. The dmto-ii technologies are based on a two- function catalyst that can both catalyze methanol and catalyze c4 + hydrocarbon fission reactions.
The production of ethylene and acetylene was increased by the bed c4+ fission reactor. And, as a result of the same catalyst, the methanol-based hydrocarbon and c4+ fission reactor could share a fluidized bed regenerator, which greatly simplifies the process and makes it more efficient. The dmto-ii technology was industrialized for the first time in December 2014.
The dmto-iii device methanol single consumption is 2.6~2.7. The dmto-ii technology has been developed after its success. The third generation dmto (dmto-iii) technology has been developed.
The reactor is designed and achieved by using a new dmto catalyst to optimize the distribution of coke deposited on the catalyst. In dmt0-111 devices, the consumption of methanol for the production of 1 ton of ethylene and acrylic is only 2.6[circ} 2.7 tons, even without recovery of c4+ by-products. And in a dmto-ii fluid bed reactor with a close diameter of about 11.0 m, methanol
The feed rate can be 3 million tonnes/year. Individual dmto-ii devices can upgrade the capacity of low-carbon carbide without increasing capital spending. Tests have shown a conversion rate of 99.06% for dmto-iii technology methanol, 85.90% for ethylene and acrylates, and 2.66 tonnes for ton carbide (ethylene + acrylic).
The economy of the technology has improved significantly, with the capacity of single set units to treat methanol increasing significantly, from 1.8 million tonnes/year to 3 million tonnes/year, and the production of HFOs increasing from 600,000 tonnes/year to 115 million tonnes/year. The unit cost of dmto-iii technical industrial installations has been measured to be about 10% lower than that of the previous generation.
For catalysts, efficient and stable catalysts are a key element in the technological development of dmto, which transforms methanol into ethylene and apropylene, which allows for a higher rate of conversion of reaction methanol and a higher selection of low-carbon hydrocarbons. In the 1980s, scientists discovered sapo-34 silicon aluminum phosphate.
Molecular sifting, with its unique composition of the diamond boiler (cha), shows a very high selection of low-carbon hydrocarbons. New dmto catalysts use nanograde sapo-34 molecular sifting and high-efficiency synthesis processes that further improve the selection and methanol conversion rates of light carbide, which began in November 2018 at the new dmto catalyst plant on Dalian Changing Island.
Catalyst. The catalyst has increased the methanol feed rate in the dmto device by 50%. The catalyst was used by the Bo Fu Energy Ningxia II plant to reduce the consumption of methanol in the production of 1 ton of low-carbon hydrocarbons from 2.97 to 2.85 tons.
dmt0-111 is the most advanced and mature methanol-based acetylene technology in the country today. Methanol-based acrylic acrylic acrylic acrylates have been developed with relatively successful processes such as mto (methanol-based acrylic acetylene and acrylic) technology of the uop/hydro company, mtp (product based on acrylic) technology of the lurgi company in Germany, and dmto (methanol-based acrylic acrylic acrylic acetylene, including acetylene).
In sum, dmto-iii is the country's most advanced and mature technology for methanol-based acrylic hydrocarbons. Cost advantage three: there is a clear regional advantage in the supply of raw coal, and our coal industry projects are concentrated in the provinces of Inner Mongolia, Xanxi, Ningxia, Shanxi and Xinjiang.
These bases are built on coal resources, extension of upstream and downstream industries, partial multi-industry co-development with petrochemicals, electricity, etc., in the direction of gardening, baseing, and megachemicals.
The Ningxia base already has a strong advantage: coal resources: the Pingxia base is located at the sixth-billion-ton coal base in the country - Ningdong Coal Field.
Within the national territory, located at the heart of the Ningdong Energy Chemical Base at the national level, which is the core of China ' s energy-chemical gold triangle (Ning Sha Ningdong, Xixi Lam, Inner Mongolia Ordos), coal resources are abundant. The coal resources buried deep below 2,000 m are 1.4 trillion tons, or 25.5 per cent of the country ' s total coal resources;
Sino-coal resources, 351.4 billion tons, or 18.1 per cent of the country's total identified coal resources; intraregional coal surfaces, which account for about 65 per cent of the region's total area; coal-bed thickness, simple geological structure, and good mining conditions; land resources: Ningdong Energy Chemical Base, located on the edge of the Tengray Desert, with a planned total area of 3,484 square metres
The planning areas are mostly desert areas, with a relatively open terrain, sparsely populated areas, unoccupied arable land, and low-cost land development and utilization. 3) Water resources: the water resources of the country are unevenly distributed and differ from that of coal (reverse distribution).
In the north-western provinces, such as Inner Mongolia, Shaanxi and Ningxia, there are abundant coal resources, and in the western regions coal-rich areas, where coal is mined more than two-thirds of the country, there are few, and only one-third, of the country’s water resources.
The Ningdong Energy Chemical Base, located on the east bank of the Yellow River, is close to the Yellow River and has been built into a water supply of 800,000 cubic metres per day with a capacity to supply water, to produce and provide easy and secure water supplies. 4) The area of transportation resources, the Golden Triangle, is geographically superior and is located in the heart of the Asian-European Continental Bridge and is an ancient silk silk.
An important route to the road is the key node of the "one way" to the east. The region has a well-developed infrastructure, which has created a multi-modal pattern of transport of railways, roads, aviation, piped networks, etc. The tons/year coal-based and 400,000 tonnes/year-enhanced green hydrogen-coated hydrocarbons project is located in the Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region.
The flag is located in the southernmost part of the Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region, on the eastern side, on the Ikinhoro flag, on the northern side, on the western side, on the Otok flag, on the Ortok front, on the southern side, on the southern side, on the southern side, on the Marlin, Yooyama, Yanby and Shingi prefectures, which are part of the famous Eldos Plateau.
Regional coal resources are abundant, industrial chain raw materials are well supplied, easy to supply, and raw materials are less expensive; the Inner Moon Division is closer to major product distribution areas such as North China and East China, logistics transport is more convenient and transport costs are lower.The Surig Economic Development Area is mainly located in the Ulantalga industrial project area, the U.S. Recruit industrial project area, the Turk industry
The project area, the Narin River Chemical Project Area, is composed of a total planned construction area of approximately 111 square kilometres. The U.S. flag is yellow, 100 million m3/a, and the groundwater is mined, 395 million m3/a. The raw material supply is close and the purchase price is favourable.
In peripheries such as summer and inland Mongolia, regional markets are less expensive and transport is closer. In comparison with some of the 2023 prices for coal purchased by chemical industries, companies have a certain advantage in the purchase of raw materials.
The company has responded positively to the call of the National Clean Energy Development Strategy to implement a major national “carbon peak, carbon neutral” strategy to promote the replacement of fossil energy with new sources of energy. As early as 2019, the company began to build a 100 mw/year solar power supply package of 20,000 tonnes/year.
Annual hydrolysis hydrogen technology demonstration project, which was subsequently expanded. In 2021, the National Solar Hydrogen Storage and Application Demonstration Project was built to produce 240 million “green hydrogen” and 120 million “green hydrogen” annually using a single production capacity of 1,000-hour high-efficiency alkaline cell.
Green Oxygen. Using internationally advanced technology and equipment, the project initiated the direct supply of “Green Hydrogen” “Green Oxygen” to chemical plants, replacing raw materials such as coal, fuel coal, hydrogen and oxygen production, which could result in an additional reduction of coal resources by approximately 380,000 tons per year, a new reduction of carbon dioxide emissions by about 660,000 tons per year, and a new reduction of total carbon emissions from chemical plants by year.
The energy efficiency level of the company is higher than that of the pole, and the energy consumption per product is lower after considering green hydrogen green oxygen. Ton/tonne of broth in Mongolia, the energy consumption per product is 1.95 tons of coal/tonne of broth; after taking into account green hydrogen green oxygen, the energy is turned around.
Tons of coal/tons of hydrocarbons. The above indicators are better than the energy efficiency pole levels. Wind-hydrogen storage, integrated hydrogen-based oxygen, is a synergistic carbon abatement project. The company’s Inner Mon project is known as the Green Hydrogen and Coal Chemical Co-ed Carbon Reduction Demonstration Project of New Coal-based Materials of Inner Mongolia Ltd., which has been approved at 2.6 million tonnes/year of coal.
On the basis of methanol, a new energy demonstration project for the integration of wind-hydrogen reservoirs has been developed, using green energy sources for the production of green hydrogen and green oxygen supplementation into a coal-chemical production facility for coupling. The project has a green-hydrogen-oxygen re-entry programme (the replenishment time is considered over 10 years, with a maximum green hydrogen replenishment of 2,515 million cubic metres per year in the tenth year).
Carbon emissions are reduced every year. According to the CEP, coal consumption of raw materials for the project is 8.9222 million tonnes/year, the initial annual fuel consumption is 1.6503 million tonnes/year, and 10 years after the rehydration of green oxide, the fuel consumption of coal is 137.2 million tonnes/year, reducing the fuel consumption of 27.83 million tonnes/year.
It was found that a reduction in production of 002 tons of 16.13 million tonnes was achieved, with no change in product production, while a reduction in steam consumption was achieved as a result of the reduction in the load of the empty fractions as a result of the refilling of green oxygen into the gasification device. Co2 emissions were reduced by 58.7 million tonnes as a result of fuel combustion, although due to its own operating load.
Increases, with lower residual heat power generation as a result of the decrease in vapour volume, and an increase in out-sourcing power generation, resulting in an increase of 28.3 million tons of CO2 emissions from out-sourcing electricity. However, the overall decrease in carbon by 21.705 million tons, representing 002 emissions in the initial year, combined with higher corporate asset-liability, lower liquidity and speed ratios, and the existence of debt service payments by companies.
Figure 55: Treasure energy flow ratios, velocity ratios, equity multipliers A company ' s profitability fluctuates as a result of fluctuations in raw materials, product prices and sales in the first three quarters of 2023 A company ' s Māori sales rate of 30.2 per cent and net interest rate on sales of 19.1 per cent respectively A company ' s focus on the enhancement of R&D capabilities and R&D fees
Figure 58: Treasure capital energy sales, management, R & D, financial cost rates Figure 59: Treasure capital energy quarterly sales, management, R & D, financial cost rates
It's lower than Wallu-Hung Lian, higher than Luzi Chemical, Hua-Chang Chemical, Energized Shares, Chinese Shunhua, Chinese Coal Energy, etc. In 2022, the net interest rate on company sales was 22.17%, slightly lower than the Chinese Shunhua, and higher than most comparable companies. In sum, the company's profitability has been maintained at a better level, leading its peers, and capital use is efficient.
Figure 62: Treasure capital energy revenues and the same rate of increase (in billions, per cent) Figure 63: Treasure capital energy revenues and the same rate of increase (in billions, per cent) Figure 65: Net profits and the same rate of increase of the surplus energy surplus during the single season (in billions, per cent)
Corporate cash flows are good, operating healthy and robust. Over the last 10 years, there has been an overall upward trend in net cash flows for the Boov energy sector. The company’s business activities in the whole of 2022 and in the first three quarters of 2023 generated dollars, indicating that companies have been more active in terms of expansion and capital spending over the last two years, mainly from Ningdong tri-octanyl hydrocarbons,
In general, the cash flow of the company’s business activities has increased and, although capital expenditure has been high in the last two years, it is expected that the project will continue to boost the cash flow of business activities.
Our profit projections are based on the following assumptions: Caramel products: the company currently produces 7 million tons of coke, is not expected to add up in three years, the company ' s new carbon sales price in 2022 is based on a tax-free average of approximately $1.640 per tonne of sales for the first four years of the company, taking into account the supply and demand of coke.
The company relies on its own coal resources and mature production techniques, with significant cost advantages, and anticipates that the focal block will maintain a certain level of profitability and support the company’s performance.
The price of materials coal has fallen, and products such as 3 million tons of polyolefins from the Inner Mon Project, which we assume are well-inputed and contribute to a steady increase in profits, will be used or will reach the previous average in 2025, respectively.
The average price (excluding taxes) for the sale of acrylic is approximately $7122, 6766/t, due to the tight supply of polyethylene in the country and the pre-meta/tonne; the price of polypropylene in 2023 is significantly lower than the average price of 7610 yuan/tonne sold by the company in the previous five years, and the industry has a portion of the plate that can contribute by-products of acrylic hydrocarbons.
Precision Chemical Products: The Fine-Chemical Section is less profitable, and we predict that the Business Block is growing steadily and that ups and downs will result from the expansion of the size of the HFOs, which will allow more by-products to be used in the production of the Fine-Chemical Products.
Profit projections are analysed on the basis of three scenarios: optimistic, neutral and pessimistic, where the neutral scenario, i.e., profit predictions from the preceding period, is used as a benchmark, with the growth rate of operating income rising by 5 per cent over the neutral scenario, the cost of operating by 5 per cent, the cost of operating by 5 per cent of sales income, and the cost rate by 5 per cent.
Taking into account the company’s business characteristics, we use both absolute and relative valuation to estimate the company’s reasonable margin. The absolute valuation represented by dcf, fcff is more suitable for continuous profit, based on the characteristics of the valuation method.
A more stable business model, a mature industry with a stable cash flow, is suitable for this valuation The sensitivity analysis of absolute valuation, which is more sensitive than wacc and sustainable growth rates, is presented in the following table.
We have chosen the same companies that deal with coal-chemicals as Warluhingl, Ruthy Chemical, Huachang Chemical, China Shinhua, and China Coal Energy, with an average projection of 11 times pe in 2023, 2024, and eight times the average. Given the company’s excellent level of business, robust, and significant expansion of production capacity, we maintain a “buy-in” rating.
We have adopted absolute valuation and relative valuation methods, and a combination of multiple angles to arrive at a reasonable valuation of the company based on certain assumptions.
the calculation of free cash flows over the next few years, the calculation of weighted average capital cost (wacc), the assumption of tv and optimism leading to the valuation.
The selection of the valuation parameters of the company may differ from the actual situation, which in turn may lead to a high risk of deviation in the valuation: and income profitability projections are higher than actual values.
The impact of the weighted average capital cost (wacc) on the firm's absolute valuation is very significant, and we assume in calculating Wacc that the risk-free rate is 2.75 per cent, the risk premium is 6.5 per cent, and there may still be low estimates or take-off of these parameters.
(b) We assume that in the next 10 years the company will grow by 2 per cent, that the industry in which the company is located may make significant adverse changes in the next 10 years, and that the company's continued growth is actually low or negative, leading to an overvaluation of the company's valuation.
In terms of relative valuation, we have selected comparative valuation indicators for companies that are also involved in the coal industry, such as Wallu Hisung Lil, Rusy Chemical, Hua Changchang Industries, China Shinhua, China Coal Energy, etc., and selected comparable companies, the average pere in 2023 and 2024 as a reference for relative valuations.
In the larger difference, considering the relatively high growth and solid cost advantages of the energy resources themselves, we give us the possibility that we expect the third phase of the company's new production line, Ningdong, to be successful in the fourth quarter of this year, and that the next four quarters of the Inner Moon project will be operational next year, with the risk of overestimation of expected performance over the next three years if it actually comes to production, and if it does not materialize as expected.
The company’s profits are more affected by the prices of its main products and raw materials, and we expect that there will be no significant declines in the prices of its main products over the next three years, and there will be no sharp increases in raw materials. If, as a result of changing circumstances, the real prices of its main products are significantly lower than expected, or the prices of raw materials are higher than expected, there may be an overestimation.
Market demand volatility: downstream corporate products are mainly membrane, plastics, steel, chemical and other smelters, and demand for products is strongly influenced by macroeconomic and downstream sector demand. Oil and coal price volatility: international oil price volatility influences changes in domestic prices of hydrocarbon products, so that it is possible
The profitability of a company’s main raw materials, coal, is also affected when there is greater volatility in the prices and availability of coal, and the risk of increased competition in the industry: the company’s product or market oversupply and increased competition in the industry.
Under these conditions, companies face the risk of falling market share if they do not sustain their competitive advantage and improve their competitiveness in the future. As other producers expand and technology matures, competition in the industry may add to the risk of safe production: the production of modern coal-chemical products and the raw coal mining process in which the raw materials are used are at some risk.
Sexuality, the whole production process involves multiple links, mixed processes, special high temperatures, stress environments, etc., and insecurity factors such as flammable and explosive, toxic and harmful gases, and safety factors such as the top plate, gas, dust, water damage, fires in coal mining, and production safety issues need to be taken into account and matched.
Environmental risks: Increased environmental laws and regulations, environmental standards may increase the company’s environmental input and costs. If the company’s environmental facilities and emissions fail to meet the country’s national requirements on a sustainable basis, it may face environmental penalties, including fines, compensation for damage, suspension of production, etc., and the company’s voice.
The risks associated with raising funds: the modern coal industry in which the company operates is a capital-intensive industry, and the ability to secure funds will have a direct impact on project construction, production operations, etc.
But the demand for funds has increased as business has developed, and the debt ratio has increased. The company raises funds from specific clients to further strengthen its financial capacity, raising funds to be invested in the “2.6 million tonnes/year coal-based and 400,000 tonnes/year-enhancement of green hydrogen-coupled hydrocarbons project” (phase I), with an estimated total investment of 39.5 billion yuan.
If the investment is large and the project is built over a longer period, the company will run the risk of partial failure of the investment project if it is unable to meet the funding requirements of the investment project on its own account. In addition, it will be unable to achieve the expected economic benefits according to the planned plan.
After that, financial indicators such as a company ' s per share of earnings and a weighted average net asset rate of return will decline by a certain amount, and flat, if the company fails to maintain core technological competitiveness, and if technology is overtaken or replaced, it will not be able to maintain its core cost advantage on a sustainable basis, thus adversely affecting the company ' s operations.
Risk of brain drain from key technologies: The development and management of critical skills is the main competitive advantage of a company. There will be a lack of attractiveness to skilled personnel, which may result in the loss of existing core skilled personnel, and will have a negative impact on the company ' s productive operations.
Policy changes in the coal industry: Companies’ presence in the coal industry is influenced to some extent by national policies, which may result in less-than-expected risks for companies’ performance. Subsidies and tax risks: Government policy changes in subsidies or taxes may affect companies’ revenues and profits.
(b) In addition, events such as social unrest, war, workers' strikes may cause serious damage to the company's productive activities.
(b) Impact, which in turn has a negative impact on business performance;
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject