Bo Fung Energy Insight Update Report: Low Cost Growth for Coal Industries, High Cost Growth & Modern Coal Industries, Cost Controls, High Growth in Capital Cost Driver Production
The company uses coal as its base, with modern coal-chemicals at its core, based on coal, coke, gas, gas, gas, oil, electricity and multi-manufacturing techniques up to 12 months.
The process leads to the achievement of the separation, gradation, utilization of coal resources, and the formation of a more complete chain of coal-chemical-cycle economics industry (millions of shares), a modern coal-chemical industry, with existing hydrocarbons and cokes.
Capital expenditures drive higher production capacity and are expected to grow across borders. Companies now own coke, and prices compare to 300 deep.
With a capacity of 7 million tonnes/year of coke, 5.4 million tonnes/year of methanol, 2.2 million tonnes/year of methanol/year and 5.3 million tonnes/year of HFA/year, coal mining capacity of 9.1 million tonnes/year (excluding red-and-red-red-and-along capacity) can grow in space.
This expenditure is close to $10 billion (excluding 2023h2), followed by more than 10 billion in new capital spending for the Mon and Ningdong 4Cs. High capital spending drives companies to grow fast, and the lubricant is expected to grow across borders.
There is still room for alternative polyolefin imports, and the supply of and demand for coke is expected to be good. There is a short-term pressure on polyolefins, but there is still a gap, and there is a limited capacity for new production after release. There is still an import gap of 10 million tonnes/year for ethylene in the country, and there is a small gap for polypropene.
Over the next 2-3 years, the pressure on polyolefins is still high, with new production capacity dominated by oil and gas. Short-term supply and demand are covered, but given the country's carbon neutrality, carbon emission reductions and 1 billion tons of refined oil, the project approval is more difficult after the release of this ship capacity, after 2026.
The coke supply-side policy promotes clean production, and demand is expected to recover. The coke industry, after a period of concentration, has reduced its excess capacity relatively, but still remains.
The market can be improved as new local government policies, new initiatives, and downstream demand are expected to be supported. At present, the housing sector is open on a monthly basis.
1. Three seasons of higher profitability, the release of the Innermont project has recovered from the same rate of increase.
High-oil coal has a significant cost advantage, and the energy source is located on the leftmost left side of the cost of coal-based acetylene.
The cost is further reduced, and the company costs of coal-based hydrocarbons are further reduced than their peers. First, the Inner Mon project is the first facility in the country to use dmto-iii technology, and the cost of all energy consumption and public support facilities is significantly reduced. Second, the Inner Mongolia project is the first facility in the country to use dmto-iii technology.
The cost of transporting the raw materials has been significantly reduced in close proximity to the interior of Mongolia, which is rich in coal raw materials.
The company’s original coal supply has increased in quality, with a significant cost advantage. The company currently owns four large coal mines: the Mallian, the Red Four, the Four Springs and the Ding Liang Coal, and the subsequent additions and acquisitions, and the acquisition of part of the shares of the Red and Red Two Coal mine, which is expected to be in public by 2025.
With 11.2 million tons of total coal production, the company’s supply of home-grown coal will be further increased, and the supply of raw materials for major products will be more stable and more profitable.
In recent years, under the national strategy of “carbon peaks, carbon neutrality” the coal industry has been more regulated than other industries.
Inner Mongolia, an additional 400,000 tons were replaced with green hydrogen, and the Bo Fon Group had a long-term green hydrogen industry as an industry.
The pioneers are leading the industry out of a green path to carbon reduction, and we believe that companies will also be able to balance carbon reduction and scale expansion. Billions of hydrogen can open up space for future hydrogen use.
We believe that the firm’s size and cost control are ahead of the entire industry, making profits far above the average market, while continuously compressing costs to become an industry’s inner pole. The end of the Inner Mongolia Project will significantly increase the competitiveness of the company and the scope for future growth.
Significant price fluctuations in products and raw materials; Increased competition in the industry of broths; Based on coal selection, with modern coalification at its core
The energy source is the lead industry in the country’s new high-end coal-based materials industry. The company is based on coal extraction, with the current-generation coalification industry at its core, along the technological lines of coal, coke, gas, gas, oil, multi-power cogeneration, achieving the separation of coal sources, grading, taking full advantage of, and forming a more complete chain of industry in the coal-chemical cycle.
The company’s chain of circular economy consists of the industrial chain of concentrated products, the industrial chain of the production of hydrocarbons, and the industrial chain of the refined industry.
Since its establishment, the company has maintained its main business development orientation, based on coal selection and centred on modern coalworking. Its growth has evolved in four stages: the first phase: primary coke, pure benzene, and modified leachate.
Cyan; second phase: acquisition of environmental protection in East Timor in 2013 and incorporation of the process of production of methanol in combination with the production of synthesizing gas from furnace gas and powder gas; third phase: production in 2014 of the project on the integrated use of exhaust gas for the production of acrylic hydrocarbons; gradual formation of the chemical industry chain; fourth phase: production in 2016 of the carbon-deep processing project, with the carbon-drawn-out of the carbon-drawn sector
Production of mtbe (methylbutyl ether), 1-butylene, heavy carbon four; heavy carbon four formed through mtbe production from carbon four isomer devices.
In 2014, the Caramel Integrated Use of Hydrocarbons project was put into the post-partum phase and into the carbon-deep processing project for 2016.
Prior to the acquisition of Toyochi Environment in 2013, the main products were coke, polyethylene, polypropylene, coke, pure benzene,
Alteration of asphalt. Pure benzene, retrofitted asphalt.
Phase three, phase four.
The main products were polyethylene, polymerene and polymerene.
The main products are coke, acrylic, coke, pure benzene, modified leachate, modified asphalt and methanol.
The company's headquarters is located in the Ningdong National Energy and Chemical Base Central Area, where coal resources are available.
The base currently has a coke production capacity of 7 million tonnes/year, methanol production capacity of 5.4 million tonnes/year, and a coal mining capacity of 1.2 million tonnes/year. With Ningxia's three-to-one million-ton coal production project and Inner Mongolia's 2.6 + 4.4 million-ton coal production project,
Construction, expected future companies will have 12 million tonnes methanol/year and 5.3 million tonnes/year of HFO/year, coal coal coal mining capacity of 9.1 million tonnes/year (excluding Red One Red Two equity capacity) and growth space. 1.2 Proficiency lead industry, capital expenditure driven growth
The two-line expansion of the hydrocarbon and the coke product has led to a sustained high rate of growth in the company ' s performance. From 2016 to 2017, the company benefited from the full commissioning of the 600,000 tonnes/yearly hydrocarbon phase, with a marked leap forward in its performance, the release of capacity from phase II and the 300 tonnes coal co-carrying multi-products project, and an increase in the price of the main company ' s output.
2023h2), followed by more than 10 billion new capital spending on the Mt. and Ningdong IV projects. With the continued release of and demand for production capacity and the gradual recovery of demand, the company is expected to start a new high-speed cycle in the long term.
Achieving a stable supply of raw materials and producing full loads, increasing the use of raw materials and significantly reducing energy consumption and logistics costs. The company’s Māori rate has been high at over 40% in recent years, influenced by continued high global energy prices in 2022, and profits in the polyolefin industry have declined but remain above 30%.
Figure 7 Comparison of the Māori ratio of coal-industrial enterprises. Corporate scale effects and industrial concentration have gradually emerged, with a steady decline in cost rates and a marked improvement in business efficiency.
At the same time, the business cycle was reduced efficiently, with an average inventory turnover of 22 days in 2022, an average of 50 days for current assets, a high asset turnover rate and long-term smooth operations.
There is still room for alternative import of 2 polyolefins, and the supply and demand of coke is expected to reach a short-term pressure of 2.1 polyolefins, but the gap remains.
The chemical industry produces core processed products. The applications are extensive and are the basic raw materials for synthetic plastics, medicines, dyes, new chemical materials and solar chemical products, with the highest share of downstream consumption structures being polyvinyl hydrocarbons (PVC pp and polypropylenepe). According to the Mobil, polyethylene and polypropylene accounted for ethylene and propylene, respectively, in 2022.
As production technologies evolve, polyolefin production expands rapidly, but there are still significant gaps. At the industry level, as production technologies mature and raw materials diversify, polyolefin production can be achieved in recent years.
Rapid expansion has been achieved, particularly with the gradual release of new production capacity at pdh in recent years, which has led to a significant increase in production of polypropylene. In 2022, domestic production of polyethylene reached 2,541,000 tons and production of 2,998 million tons of polypropylene; the demand side has continued to grow as a result of the rapid development of domestic manufacturing, agriculture and the expansion of downstream applications.
According to the opinion of the Royal People's Congress, over the next five years there will be an increase of 13,86 million tonnes in domestic PVC, 1,254 million tonnes in PVC, and a total increase of 26.4 million tonnes in PVC and PVC. Taking into account the energy use and the rising trend in exports, there will still be a shortfall of more than 10 million tonnes in PVC in the country.
At present, there are three main production synthesis processes, namely, the oilhead process (paracetylene fission), the coalhead process (coal/methanol) and the gashead process (propylene pdh and ethylene ethylene fission).
The whole-of-a-kind industry also complements the diversity of the global industry. Among these, the oilhead process, which is the most traditional and currently the highest in the country due to its maturity, high product combined use, and the coal-based process, which is dominated by coal-based acto.
There are also some plants that produce acetylene through direct out-sourcing of methanol, i.e. using mto-mto-methanol; the lowest-percent production capacity is in the airhead process, which includes production methods such as propane dehydration pdh and ethane fission dehydration.
Grown-up, high-yielding advantages, but also complex processes, high levels of single investment, high energy consumption, high pollution, the importance of coal-based hydrocarbon development with our resource structure, and the strategic importance of the coal-based yety hydrocarbon process. Our resource endowment is based on a “coal-rich, oil-poor, gas-poor” pattern, with primary coal production accounting for more than 80% of total energy production.
According to the China Oil and Chemical Industry Federation, China ' s external dependence on crude oil reached 72 per cent in 2021, its external dependence on natural gas reached 44.6 per cent, and in 2022 our crude oil imports amounted to 508 million tons, a decrease of 71.2 per cent; and its imports of natural gas amounted to 152.7 billion cubic metres.
External dependence has fallen to 40.2%, but it remains high. Against the backdrop of increased geopolitical conflict, the proliferation of energy supply and demand, and the frequent volatility of international energy prices, a major effort to develop modern coal chemicals can effectively optimize our energy structure, guarantee national energy security, and reduce dependence on oil and gas imports.
The advantage of the development of coal-based acrylic technology in the country is that it opens up a realistic path to non-oil production of acrylic acrylic acrylic acrylic production, which, according to data from the China Petroleum and Chemical Industry Federation, was able to produce coal (methanol) in 2022.
17,72 million tonnes, of which 1,917,000 tonnes were coal-based, an increase of 5.0% over the previous year. Due to the tightening of cto/mto approvals and the economic weakness of methanol-based direct-vinyl hydrocarbons, the cto/mto project has slowed down in recent years, with only two projects in 2022, with 200,000 mtp per year produced in Gansuhua.
In 2023, the three-stage coal-based hydrocarbon project was tested in Ningdong and extended in September to a total of 1.3 million tons of coal-based hydrocarbons. From the new production capacity in the post-city, Bo-Fung energy is still more productive, with 3 million tons of coal in the interior of the city.
The AC project will be launched in the fourth quarter of 2024. Overall, we expect to produce 2,32,200 tons of AC in our coal (methanol) by 2025. More polyolefin production will occur in 2024-2025, with limited new production after 2026.
Under the restrictive policy, project approval becomes more difficult after the release of the wave capacity, with a 2.2 coke supply end policy after 2026 driving production clean-up and demand back-heating downstream. Charcoal is one of the solid fuels and the iron and steel industry is the main downstream. The coke is high from coal at about 1,000°C.
Distillation obtained under temperature conditions, with the main composition of fixed carbon, followed by ash fractions, with little volatilization and sulphur fractions, with a heat value of approximately 25104 kj/kg-3138kj/kg, which can be used as a reduction agent, energy and carbon agent for iron processing in high furnaces, smelting in scaffolds, iron alloying and non-ferrous metal smelting, as well as for electrostones.
The iron and steel industry accounts for 85% of coke downstream applications, while the rest of non-ferrous metal smelting, casting, iron alloy smelting and other applications each account for about 5%. In terms of consumption volume, the consumption of coke has remained stable in recent years, at 355-397 million tons for the last five years.
Figure 21 The structure of the coal downstream industry is more sophisticated than the traditional coal industry, where coal is concentrated, with a relatively low technical threshold than the modern coal industry, such as gas and coal-based chemicals.
Coal, peat, sulfur, etc. The raw materials are derived from the mining of primary coal from coal mines, with the main downstream demand being steel and related industries such as real estate, infrastructure, engineering machinery, cars, etc.
As a result of our rich coal resources, a sufficient supply of raw materials and low production technology, along with the country's early industrial and real estate infrastructure, the coal-corrosing industry has grown faster and its supply has expanded rapidly.
The cokering industry, which leads to low concentration, uneven production installations and technologies, irrational product structure, and overcapacity, is in the third place in the industry, according to the Bichuan moor data, 545,346,000 tonnes of coke in 2022, and the Boov energy source is in the third place at 7 million tonnes/year.
In March 2014, the Ministry of Trade and Communications issued a circular to curb the growth of production capacity.
After that, and in the broader context of the promotion of industrial upgrading, environmental protection, and energy-saving emission reductions, the state has continued to enact policies such as “decapitulation” and conditions of access to the industry, and has made it one of the key measures for structural reform of the country's supply side.
In 2016, the “13th Five-Year Development Plan for the Focal Sector” developed by the China Association of Caramel Industries proposed that during the period of “13th-Five” the Focal Sector would phase out all of its backward capacity and eliminate over-capacity by 50 million tonnes. The Focal Sector is becoming more orderly and regulated, and it is expected that in the future it will be effectively reduced, and that the concentration of the industry will increase.
Enterprises with technological, environmental and long-term industrial chain advantages will face new development opportunities, companies, or significantly benefit from policies related to the upgrading of production capacity in the centrifugal sector.
For mitigation, but still in a state of clean production, and with the continued impetus of the relevant policies, mystel is expected to phase out 52.28 million tons, with a new 50.2 million tons and a net 2.08 million tons in 2023. After a period of de-capacitation, the coke industry has achieved a relatively high level of excess capacity.
There is an upturn in the start-up rate. There is a steady increase in the replacement and phase-out of backward capacity, the expectation that the future coke industry will continue to warm, that the optimal production capacity is on the way, and that the company will be able to produce on a larger scale or will be able to recover in the long term.
On the demand side, on the one hand, the macroeconomic downturn in recent years has led to low downstream demand, a relatively low level of industrial profitability, and a relatively large amount of repair space. On the downstream demand side, due to repeated outbreaks, Russia and Ukraine.
According to the Chinese Iron and Steel Industry Association, in 2022, the steel industry increased and fell, the consumption of steel decreased, demand decreased, the central and downstream sectors continued to decline, such as the real estate industry indicators, the industry had undergone deep adjustment, and the machinery and automobile industry had been readjusted.
The industry has maintained overall growth but modest growth; the three major shipbuilding indicators for the ship industry have dropped by two points, and overall market demand has fallen short of expectations, with increased pressure on corporate steel stocks, persistently lower prices for downstream steel, long-term losses for steel, and some suppression of profits in the coke industry.
On the other hand, the national economy is expected to operate within reasonable areas as the policy measures for steady growth work out. In 2022, the central economic workshop proposed a smooth transition to a new development model for the housing sector, a recent “no credit for housing”, a down payment rate, and so on.
Important initiatives are being accelerated everywhere, as the largest downstream steel use, and with new policies and initiatives by local governments, real estate development is expected to improve gradually, supporting downstream demand for housing and improving the market; in addition, the Chinese Iron and Steel Industry Association ' s 2022 report on the economic operations of the steel industry predicts that new energy will be available in 2023.
The demand for source cars and shipbuilding is expected to continue to grow steadily, further underpinning downstream demand. Overall, as the effects of steady growth policy measures become apparent, consumption and demand will be released, macroeconomic dynamism will increase, support downstream consumption, supply and demand are expected to reverse, and downstream demand is expected to return.
Figure 30: Some of the most important recent real estate policies; Chart 31: Growth in the area of new construction; Chart 32: Changes in local building regulation policy in the last year.
A major feature of the coal-based hydrocarbon project is the length of the production process, the intensity of the one-time investment, and a fixed cost discount.
The financial costs and depreciation represent an important component of the cost of the coal-based hydrocarbon project. On the other hand, the relative convergence of products produced by projects and processes (mainly polyolefins and derivatives) is currently shown to be relatively low in terms of product differentiation and therefore cost, in addition to increasing product differentiation and building high-end product lines.
Controls are also one of the key factors in the profitability of current projects. According to the Analysis of the Competitiveness of Different Process Hydrocarbons, a combination of the cost components of the various production processes shows that the coal-based hydrocarbon process is characterized by high investment intensity and a larger proportion of fixed costs in the total cost, while the graphite oils, the export of methanol and propane dehydration.
For the composition of the production costs of the coal-based hydrocarbon process, the cost of raw coal accounts for 25% of the total cost and the ratio of depreciation of financial costs and equipment is around 40%. Corporate costs are more controllable, and single-ton depreciation is significantly lower.
In the case of a recovery period, simply considering the cost of a FFA product does not really reflect the competitiveness and profitability of the production of the FFOs. In comparison with the depreciation of the project, the investment intensity of the company as a whole is significantly lower than that of other companies in the same industry, and there is still room for going down.
The second phase of the 1.2 million tonnes/year coal-based hydrocarbon project has been in operation for many years, the installation has been operating steadily, and has accumulated a wealth of experience in processes such as gasification, purification, methanol synthesis, mto, and symmetry.
The industry structure thus achieves efficiency gains, with new profit growth points emerging as new projects and expansion projects evolve and take full advantage of scale effects, industrial chain integration, and the decline in depreciation costs for the Ningdong III and Intra-Purpose projects is expected to further increase their comparative advantages.
The industrial chain is highly efficient, with economies of scale released, productive capacity fully utilized and cost amortized. The company has fully released the advantages of integrated distribution of the chain, enhanced the efficiency of material use, guaranteed high load operations of the project, combined cost savings, in the form of: 1) production of coal, coal, mud, stone, etc. from the process of washing the original coal.
The component is powered coal, which reduces the cost of fuel coal procurement to a certain extent, and achieves a “dry run-off” of raw materials. 2) In the 3-stage Ningdong 1 million tonnes of acrylic hydrocarbons project built by the Ministry of Justice, 500,000 tonnes of c2-c5 produced by the 3 cto uses acrylic acrylic acrylic acrylic acrylic acetylene acetylene, using its own circulatory economic advantage as a raw material.
(c) The production unit is closely connected up and down, and the product of the previous unit directly becomes the material of the next unit, guaranteeing a steady supply of raw materials and the full load of production, which significantly reduces energy consumption by replacing the coal-based methanol with low-cost stove gas.
Consumption, logistics costs, management costs. (4) Maintenance of the management style and efficient use of production capacity. The company currently has 1.2 million tons of production capacity, which has been operating at a high capacity for many years and has been operating at a capacity rate of more than 100%, further reducing the cost of amortization depreciation by operating efficiently.
The process is being upgraded and optimized, and the consumption of raw materials alone is declining. The share of raw materials in production costs is relatively high, especially for the larger production volume of the company, where savings can be achieved to a great extent.
In addition, for the first time in the country, the company ' s Inner Mon project, which uses the Dmto-iii technology of the Central Institute of Sciences, uses a new generation of dmto catalysts characterized by high rates of acrylic hydrocarbons, low rates of coke production, wide operating windows, low levels of minor impurities, and good water heat stability.
The use of raw materials has increased and the economic efficiency and production costs of dmio industrial installations have been significantly enhanced by the use of dmto industrial devices, which have resulted in a significant reduction in the consumption of a ton of methanol over a generation of technologies (one generation technology, 3.0 tons of methanol/tCyCyCylene and three generation technology, 2.65 tons of methanol/tycecaline).
The transport costs are expected to decrease even further. The Innermont project is located in the modern coal industry demonstration area of the city of Ordos, where coal resources are concentrated, and is an important coal-producing area in the country.
Data from national and local statistical offices show that, in 2022, the primary coal production of industrial enterprises above the size of the Autonomous Region of Mongolia reached 1,174 million tons, accounting for more than one quarter of the country ' s primary coal production, and 779 million tons of the original coal production of the city of Ordos, accounting for 17.36 per cent of the country ' s coal production, while according to the Fourteenth Five-Year Plan for National Economic and Social Development of the City of Ordos
By 2025, coal production capacity will be further increased to 850 million tons/year. The rich coal resources around the project site will help to increase the speed and stability of the supply of raw materials needed for production, reduce the cost of purchasing raw materials and the transport cycle, guarantee continuity in the company’s production operations, and further improve characterization.
Solid companies have a cost advantage for raw materials, combined investments are efficient, technologically advanced, managed efficiently, the advantages of integrating multiple dimensions of the industrial chain, and the abundance of energy has achieved strict control over the cost of acrylic hydrocarbons and has always maintained a relative competitive advantage in the industry.
In the past, the cost of production of bountiful energy is much lower than that of other businesses in the industry, the average cost is more than $1,000 per tonne, and the lower cost guarantees better profitability in the face of cyclical fluctuations and increased competitive pressures in the industry in recent years.
The Māori ratio remained between 28.05 per cent and 44.09 per cent, although the interest rate had fallen slightly in recent times owing to factors such as the increase in the price of raw materials, but it still had a significant advantage over its peers.
Coal is a typical energy-type commodity with a price volatility that allows companies to fill their raw material needs by producing coal of their own, thereby contributing to the stability of the supply of raw materials, guaranteeing the supply cycle of products, and increasing their resilience to market price volatility. In recent years, companies have developed new sources of supply by acquiring and adding coal and mineral energy.
A series of initiatives, such as channeling, to further improve upstream coal resources, secure prices from sources, improve the self-sufficiency of raw materials, and establish firm cost advantages for companies, which currently hold four main coal mines, the Mallian, the Red Four, the Four Springs and the Ding.
In the first half of 2023, the company completed the build-up of the capacity of the Mallian and Red Coal mines, with an increase of 1 million tons of nuclear capacity and an increase in the capacity of coal production, totalling 8.2 million tons of coal per year, and subsequently added to and acquired: the company is building the Ding Mine.
In addition to the mining licence issued by the Natural Resources Department of Ningxia Autonomous Region in early August 2023, which allows production on a scale of 900,000 tonnes/year, the Ningxia coal industry owns 2.4 million tonnes of existing production capacity and 2.4 million tonnes of existing production capacity of the Red One Mine and the Red Two Mine, and the company acquires a total equity capacity of 1.92 million tonnes through the acquisition of 40% of its shares.
In 2025, the company ' s total coal equity capacity will reach 11.2 million tons, and the company ' s own coal supply will be further increased, with a more stable supply of the raw materials needed for the main products.
Distillation of gas, which can also be used for cokering to increase the production rate of chemical products; one third of coal is a high-volatilization, strong sticky coal, which alone produces better-melting, high-intensity coke, and when cokering, one third of cocoal is distributed to a wider range, with higher-intensity coke available and good at the same time.
In addition, Red and Red 2 coal mines are adjacent to the company’s existing red and four coal mines, belonging to the Ning Xia red and red coal mines, producing coal varieties that are predominantly cokered, rinded and processed coal that can be used as coker, by-products Chinese coal, and coal as power coal. In a comprehensive manner, the company’s existing coal mines and the benefits of its investments can be used as power coal.
Coal mines can provide companies with high-quality cokering, gasification and liquefied coal, and, from the perspective of the follow-up, the cost is expected to decrease further as companies increase their own coal production in the future, with relatively good coal production of 4,4275, 4,422 and 4,5846 tons, respectively.
The cost per unit for the delivery of the red 4 coal mine and the biron coal mine, as disclosed in the books and bulletins, was 185.56 and 179.41, respectively, while the average cost of the original coal purchases in 2019-2022 was 332.60, 342.97, 661.57 and 761.97 tons, respectively, with a clear advantage for the cost of home-grown coal, as well as with the original coal.
On the other hand, companies are expected to expand their comparative advantage even further, by continuing to strengthen their cooperation with the Association, deepening their cooperation with the National Energy Group, the Shandong Energy Group, the China Coal Group, the Shining Energy Holdings, and other major corporations, national companies, and maintaining stability in existing supply channels.
It was revealed that, at the end of 2022, the national coal supply situation was critical and that, in order to guarantee a stable supply of raw coal, the Department signed a long-term contract with 12 coal producers for a steady increase in the supply and security of 8.25 million tons of coal, while increasing the development of coal resources in Xinjiang, with a total capacity of 151 million tons/year.
The partnership of production suppliers, which procured 1,421 million tons of coal in Xinjiang in the first half of 2023, combined coal to plant at a cost of approximately $90/ton lower than in the same period in Mon, effectively reducing the cost of purchasing raw materials.4 The policy led to a green transformation of coal-chemicals and coalification of the rich energy sources.
New roads for industrial and green development 4.1 policy limits “two-high” industrial development, and the rich energy environment, although the importance of developing coal-based acrylic hydrocarbons is self-evident, coal-chemicals are typically high energy consumption and high carbon emissions.
Industry, while encouraging development, is also subject to strict policy regulation. According to the study on the strategy of the coal industry to address the “double carbon” target, in 2020 China produced a total of about 10 billion tons of carbon dioxide (CO2) from primary energy consumption of 4.98 billion tons of standard coal, generating 1,036 trillion yuan in gdp, with energy intensity of about 0.49.
The carbon emission intensity is about 1 ton CO2 per ton gdp. For example, in Shanxi province, the energy intensity of the coal industry was 4.2 tons of standard coal per ton in 2020, up to eight times the national average; the carbon emission intensity was 10 to 20 tons per product route.
Carbon oxidation/million dollar operating income is 10-20 times the national average. In recent years, under the national strategy for “carbon peaks, carbon neutrality” the coal industry has necessarily been more regulated than other industries, and high energy consumption and emissions have been the main factors constraining the development of coal-based hydrocarbons.
On 9 October 2021, the National Development Commission issued the " Negative Market Access List 2021 " , which included six entries on the ban on access, including new coal-cylene and new coal-based dibenzene (px) projects, which were approved by the provincial governments in accordance with the relevant country-approved plans; and new annual production of more than 1 million tons.
On 11 November, the Office of the People's Government of Inner Mongolia issued a circular to the Autonomous Communities “145” on climate change planning, in which the Autonomous Communities no longer approved coke (carat), electro-stones, polyvinyl chloride (pvc), synthetic ammonia (urinary) during the “X4” period.
The concept of the development of modern coal-chemicals has been introduced. As coal-chemicals projects have become more stringent, they will need to meet the definition of modern coal-chemicals and demonstrate the coal-chemical industry on the ground.
Our modern coal industry projects are concentrated in the provinces of Inner Mongolia, Shanxi, Shanxi, Ningxia, Xinjiang, etc. At present, we have set up six demonstration areas for the modern coal industry and gas strategic bases in Inner Mongolia, Eldos, Xinxilin, Ningxiandong, Xinjiang-dong, Xinjiang Hami, Shanxi-Nin north, and have returned to the country for approval.
The above-mentioned provisions have made it more difficult to approve coal-based hydrocarbon projects and increased the process, energy consumption and environmental requirements of the projects, which have significantly increased the industry access threshold. On the one hand, the increase in access thresholds and environmental requirements has limited the layout of some energy-consuming, non-emission-compliant projects, and on the other hand, it has been difficult for some of the projects to be technologically modified within the required time frame.
Enterprises that achieve energy efficiency improvements and thus meet the industry’s benchmark level are at risk of being phased out or shut down. Achieving energy consumption, carbon reduction, is the key to the sustainable development of the current coal industry, and Boon energy is in the forefront.
The Development Layout Programme requires that single-series installations have an annual production capacity of 500,000 tonnes and above, with an overall energy efficiency of more than 44%, a combined energy consumption of less than 2.8 tonnes of coal and fresh water of less than 16 tonnes per unit of hydrocarbon products.
In the industry, the combined energy consumption level of the company's new interior project is 1.85 tonnes/tCylene, which is more than 30% lower than the industry pole level of 2.80 tonnes/tylene (cf. Industrial Focus Area Energy Efficiency Standard Level and Baseline Levels (2023 Edition) and 5th Year Hydrogen Rehydration Worker.
4.2 Leading the green transformation of the coal industry by replacing fossil energy with green hydrogen. In the context of the implementation of energy consumption and double control requirements and the blind development of the “two-high” project, the coal industry received an environmental assessment on November 23, 2001, which was the country's first large-scale application of the green hydrogen coupling programme.
Hydrocarbons, which is also the largest global project to replace fossil-fuel production with hydrogen, has an important demonstration role in the industry, signalling the company's lead in exploring new sources of energy and the integration of the modern coal industry.
The "Green Hydrogen" and Coal Hydrocarbons project is one of the most effective ways to reduce carbon through the coal-yerocarbon process, which can be significantly reduced by replacing coal with "Green Hydrogen" as a feedstock through wind-based hydrogen integration. It is expected that with the continued development of the "doubt carbon" policy, future new coal-based hydrocarbon projects will need to be planned.
Matching the green hydrogen coupling device. The role of “green hydrogen” in achieving carbon emission reductions and the release of the company's card-based mound project (1) Hydrocarbon mismatches are a key cause of carbon emissions: the primary coal contains more carbon but less hydrogen, while the coal-based herbs are less hydrogen, so the coal-based hydrocarbon process will be combined through a transformational response process
The sub-change to h2 in the gas is used to address the mismatch between the hydrogen and hydrogen ratios in the raw materials and products. But the crude synthetic gas conversion process produces large amounts of carbon dioxide, and the carbon emissions during this process are the main industrial carbon emissions source for the coal-based hydrocarbon project.
(2) The introduction of “green hydrogen” as an ideal solution through wind-optic power generation, electrolytic hydrogen integration, the introduction of “green hydrogen” in the coal-based hydrocarbon project, which would increase the carbon use of the coal-based hydrocarbon, address the mismatch between the hydrocarbon ratio in raw materials and products, and meet the hydrogen ratio of the product
Reducing, or even eliminating, conversion devices and significantly reducing carbon emissions from processes. (3) Windlight resources are abundant, and the interior of the layout has a prominent advantage: Inner Mon occupies 57 per cent of the country’s wind energy resources and more than 21 per cent of its solar energy resources, and coal resources are the country’s largest in storage.
Data published in the Resource Yearscape Bulletin (2022), in 2022, 70 m of annual average wind speeds reached 7.0 m/s in central and eastern Mongolia, with annual average wind power density generally exceeding 200w/m2; 100 m of annual average wind speeds greater than 6.0 m/s, annual average wind power density generally exceeding 300w/m2 and based on our solar energy resources
As a result, the cost of wind and light power generation in the interior of Mongolia is relatively low throughout the country and is already below 0.2 kWh/kWh.
A comparison of the typical coal-chemical and hydrogen-coalin-chemical processes in chart 45, with the abundance of wind-rich resources in figure 46, 4.3 by-product hydrogen-rich resources, opening up future hydrogen-use space.
Hydrogen energy is an important clean energy source. In March 2022, the long-term plan for the development of the hydrogen energy industry (2021-2035), co-published by the National Development Commission and the National Energy Agency, defined the energy attributes of hydrogen, which will be part of the future national energy system, making full use of the clean low-carbon properties of hydrogen and promoting transportation, industry, etc.
In the early stages of the development of the hydrogen-energy industry, relying on existing hydrogen-gas production to provide an easy and affordable source of hydrogen, support the development of hydrogen-incentive industries downstream, and reduce the initial difficulties of the hydrogen-energy industry.
Hydrogen is derived from the psa hydrogen unit, which recovers the hydrogen from it by adsorbing with transformers. The main forms are currently the infertile industry by-product hydrogen gas, steel furnace gas by-product recovery by-product, and coke production by-product gas by 16.3 per cent, while the remaining mto, chlor-alkali, and light hydrocarbon industries by-product hydrogen by-product are about 5 per cent.
The production of coke is accompanied by a large amount of hydrogen gas, and the company’s future hydrogen energy uses a large amount of space. In the process of charcoal production, the by-products of the by-products of the by-products of the by-products of the gas can be recovered separately from the hydrogen resources. The production of 1 ton of coke can produce by-products of the 425.6 m3 by-product of the gas, and the 1 m3 by-product of the by-products of the by-products of the gas, which can open up the space for future hydrogen use.
We believe that the company’s size and cost control are ahead of the entire industry, making a profit far above the average market, and at the same time compressing costs to become an industry’s inner pole. The third phase of Ningxia and the second phase of the Inner Mongolia Project will significantly increase the company’s competitiveness and the scope for future growth. We expect the company’s net profit to be split between 2023 and 2025.
(b) Increased competition in the hydrocarbon industry;
The information and observations in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, will not be, and will not receive, directly or indirectly, any of the specific recommendations or views in this report.