Per capita performance continued to improve, with the Strategic Focused Nucleus track increasing by 70.51 per cent on 28 October 2019 and net profit withholdings of $70 million, an increase of 183.39 per cent over the same period.
▪ Net profits continued to grow at a high rate of further decline: 2,345 million yuan in the q3 quarter, an increase of 13.10 per cent in the same year and 184 million yuan in the same period, an increase of 108.06 per cent in the same quarter.
The high rate of growth in the last three quarters has been dominated by the sustained development of the ii industry, and the Division’s strategic layout has focused on the main track. On the cost side, this year’s corporate artificial intelligence strategy of 2.0 focused on improving per capita benefits, further improving cost spending, including through personnel and channels optimization.
Three-quarter sales rates and management rates have decreased by 2.43 pct, 4.64 pct, respectively; R&D rates have increased by 5.04 pct, mainly by increasing R&D inputs in key services such as education, health, and by amortization of prior R&D capital.
In terms of operating cash flows, the net cash flow of companies q3 was $302 million, a significant increase from $130 million in q3 in 2018.  Strategic focus core track, per capita effectiveness continued to improve: macroeconomic impact in 2019.
Increased pressure on businesses, such as banks, operators and others, in some parts of the Government ' s fiscal spending has had an impact on companies, such as Science and Technology (002230): platform plus partial business growth has had some impact, but open platform operations and human expenditures have been involved.
The track strategy continues to work, and the education, health, and other sectors of the economy continue to grow at a faster pace. The company has implemented a strategic focus, with some proactive changes in the direction of operations that are not strategic in the long term, although to some extent affecting them.
II. Quest Flight (002230): Core harvests during the period (receipts are slowing down), but resources are more focused on the strategic direction of the focus, the track is growing rapidly, and the consumer business is starting.
The central track of procreation, law, and medicine is a healthy development. Education, intelligence, 2019-04-22. Classrooms and c end-of-cycle personalized learning products are growing at a very high rate, with the rate of fee-paying school renewal remaining at 98%.
3. Science and Technology (002230): companies; political and legal operations, smart auxiliary case management systems, which have been introduced in seven provinces and municipalities; medical operations, which have now won over 50 districts in Anhui, have achieved scale
The fast-growing harvest and the accelerated growth of intelligent education have begun to scale up the pilot. The focus of the core track has led to a per capita effectiveness of the company.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: In 2019, the corporate artificial intelligence strategy formally entered the 2.0 era and will focus on improving per capita benefits, implementing strategies and resource focus, and improving business efficiency, based on the three pillars of the 1.0 strategy.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board