Events: The third quarter of 2019 was published, with a revenue of $5,573 million in the previous three quarters, an increase of 24.41 per cent and net profit of $374 million to the mother.
Billion dollars, an increase of 76,226 per cent over the same period. Q3 quarter harvests were slightly less than expected, but profitability increased significantly. q3 quarter receipts increased by 13.10 per cent over the same period, slightly less than expected (q1 and q2 battalions).
In response to macroeconomic environmental impacts, some government fiscal spending tightened in 2019, and pressure on businesses such as banks, company fundamentals (latest) operators increased the growth rate of some of the company ' s operations
(ii) The company ' s continued focus on strategic business and internal adjustments to non-strategic business have slowed the growth rate in q3 battalion. With the company ' s core focus, net profit returns have increased by 108.06% over the same period.
762.26%, which is significantly higher than the growth in revenue, indicates a marked improvement in corporate profitability, a slight decrease in the Māori rate, and a good three-fee control. The company’s Māori ratio in the previous three quarters was well developed and its core business was promising.
At the end of 2019h1, consumer-oriented c-side smart products account for more than a third of them, and the ratio is increasing.
The average rate of renewal of sexual studies has increased significantly. 2) Smart office: operations are now well under way, and telephonic and translation services have become the hallmark of many high-end meetings. 3) Smart medicine: the primary medical applications have been successful.
At present, there are more than 1,000 primary health-care institutions that have managed to provide general practitioner-assisted care for nearly 1,000 common diseases, with a cumulative service of nearly 5 million. (4) In the field of smart politics and law, there is a commitment to “Safe China” with artificial intelligence.
The construction of China's "Clean China" has covered 31 provinces, municipalities and autonomous regions of the country, exceeding 3,000 political and legal units, and over 90 per cent coverage by the High Court and provincial inspectorates.
Given the company’s position as a leader of sound and artificial intelligence in the country, ai’s business is entering the year of performance realization. We see the company’s intelligence education, smart law, smart business, etc., in a sustained outbreak period and maintain the company’s “recommended” rating.
This report is produced by Chinese securities and is intended for customers of Chinese securities only. The company will not receive it from recipients.
But there is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information. We have tried to report it objectively and fairly, but the information in the report and the views expressed in it do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, and the information, opinions and opinions do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financial position and specific needs of the persons who were taken from the report and do not at any time constitute an individual to anyone.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial status and specific needs.