Performance phase sexual pressure, waiting for the re-emergence of the smelting climate China petrochemical (600028.sh) event: semi-annual reports issued by the company, yielding business income of $14.91 billion in the first half of 2025, compared to the same amount
The oil price has shifted downwards and smelting has been depressed, with 25h1 performance periods under pressure.
The impact of factors such as the decline in Māori is that 25h1 achieved business gains of $33,423 million, a decline of 34.49 per cent over the same period. According to the segment, exploration and exploitation, refining, marketing and distribution of oil, the Ministry and other sections, respectively, contribute to increased production and drops in reserves, and the fall in oil prices drags down the performance of the plate.
The Ministry of Industry has actively promoted the increase in production and reduction in reserves, resulting in an increase of 262.81 million barrels of oil and gas equivalent, which is an increase of billions cubic feet, an increase of 5.1 per cent in the same year, with 25h1 company cash operating costs of $718.0 per ton, a decrease of 4.7 per cent compared with the decline in international oil prices, with the company ' s crude oil achieving the same price of $3563 per ton.
In the first half of the year, companies have faced the serious challenges posed by international oil price shocks and falling demand for diesel fuel, while combining installation loads to produce high-yielding processing volumes; and flexibility in adjusting product structures and oil harvests.
In the first half of the year, the company processed 17.7 million tons of crude oil, a decrease of 5.3 per cent in the same year; in the production of finished oil products, a total of 40.8 million tons, a slight increase in the same period. But it was released by the concentration of new domestic production capacity, aromatic hydrocarbons, relatively deep 300 per cent.
In the past few years, the petrochemical industry has been able to expand rapidly, but the demand growth has been relatively inadequate, the industry is under-restricted, and it has been historically low. In our view, this has been accompanied by the adjustment and restructuring of global petrochemical capacity and domestic governance.
On the one hand, taking into account resources, markets, projects and progress, companies optimize their annual capital spending plans, and plan to scale down their annual capital spending plans.
On the other hand, in the first half of the year, the cash flow of the company’s operations was abundant, and the company intended to share the development gains with its shareholders in accordance with the Principles of Continuity and Stability of the Company.
2. [Galactic Chemical] Company evaluates the risks of a drop in China’s petrochemical _ high scores in the red petrochemical region, the risks of a new project being less productive than expected, etc. I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
He has been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report. He is a pioneer, Master of Finance, Graduate School of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness.