Overall performance pressure, the acceleration of the green transformation and innovation strategy - a report from the incident evaluation of the China petrochemical company (600028.sh) published the semi-annual performance report for 2025: the company in the first half of 2025.
Achieving gross operating income of $1.41 trillion, a decrease of 10.60 per cent over the same period; achieving a return to the mother (fuhh)@cfsc.com.cn gaomq@cfsc.com.cn
See, international crude oil prices have been on the downside, with a current average price of $71.7 per barrel of Brent crude oil, down 14.7 per cent from the same period last year, lower oil prices have had a clear negative impact on upstream exploration and exploitation plates, with a decline in plate yields.
5.90 In the domestic market for finished oils, demand is hit by alternative sources of energy, with consumption falling by 3.6% on a year-on-year basis, resulting in a sharp increase in operational pressure on refined oil and marketing plates.
In particular, the refined oil plates, where the sales of petrol, diesel and kerosene by companies have grown in difficulty. The chemical plates have been affected by both the downside of international oil prices and the increasing competition in the market, with a 6.0% drop in the same year.
The cumulative effect of centralized repairs and production capacity releases has led to further losses in the operation of the chemical plate. Although the company has actively taken steps to expand the market, it has partially offset the expansion of new and emerging businesses such as easy-to-use services, power replacements, gas for cars, etc.
1. China ' s petrochemicals (600028): Oil price waves have eliminated the adverse effects of declining sales of finished oil, but overall performance is still under pressure from the move and energy transition to corporate profitability
Constraints such as lower oil prices and the accelerated development of domestic alternative energy sources have made it difficult to reverse the downward trend in the harvest.
A small increase in costs, a strong resonance of the cash flow, pressure, high dividends, a constant increase in the value of the investment, an improvement in cash flow, and a sharp red light.
The increase in costs is mainly due to the net loss on exchange of foreign currency loans in part of the current period and lower interest rates on deposits of 2024-08-27, resulting in reduced interest income.
5%, mainly due to a decrease in net occupancy of operating funds such as inventories. The firm operating cash flow provides a stronger financial base for the company’s day-to-day operations and strategic development.
The sum of $19 billion was due mainly to a reduction in net outflows from term deposits of more than three months, while the company made an optimal adjustment to the annual capital expenditure plan, decided to lower the cash equity of the period and received targeted additional funds raised during the same period of the previous year.
Green transformation and innovation drive: Building a new ecology for sustainable development. The company has defined a green transformation development strategy that seeks to promote high-end, intelligent, green-up existing operations and foster new-quality productivity.
At the same time, we should accelerate the development of strategic and emerging industries, pre-positioning future industries, deepening oil and gas exploration, theoretical and technological innovations, and consolidating industrial advantages with green low-carbon and efficient oil refining technologies.
The company focuses on emerging industries and future areas, accelerating the development of new materials for the chemical industry, matching industrial needs such as large domestic aircraft, new energy vehicles, robots, etc.
Advanced technologies, such as energy batteries, synthetic biology, artificial intelligence, build new growth, the “second curve”, and use the new generation of information technologies, such as artificial intelligence, as a whole, to optimize operations, reduce efficiency and raise the level of physical safety.
In development, companies work together to promote energy savings, carbon abatement and green growth, improve energy, drain management systems from double-control to double-control carbon emissions, scale technologies such as ccus, enhance carbon footprint management, and build green low-carbon development chains across industry.
Yes. In addition, building an autonomous software system for geodrill smart drilling and a Great Wall model to upgrade the whole industry chain intelligently, highlighting its dual competitiveness in the areas of resource security and green low carbon, and laying a solid foundation for sustainable development.
The company ' s performance is short-lived, but it relies on reduced oil growth and a green transition to open up new growth and major changes in demand for crude oil; large fluctuations in crude oil prices; the need for refined products to decline; and less than expected annual production.
• Presentation by the Chemical Industry and New Materials Group, Entreprise Strategy and six years of new energy research experience.
Experience, 10 years of buyer research, good at judging industry and corporate trends through supply and demand relationships and changes in competition, and committed to recommending high-quality companies with long-term competitiveness. Joining the Chinese securities research in 2023 reflects my research perspective.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
It is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer); the Hong Kong market is based on the consistent index; and the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.