In the evening of 21 August 2025, China ' s petrochemicals released their semi-annual report for 2025. In 2025, the company achieved business income of RMB 14,09,052 million, a decrease of 10.60 per cent over the same period; and net repatriation was achieved.
Profit of $21,483 million, a decline of 39.83 per cent in the same year; net profit of $21,215 billion for the realization of deductions and later return to the mother \triangleright International oil prices as a whole in the first half of the year showed a shock downwards trend, mainly due to an over-expected increase in occ+ production
The expected impact of the US tariff policy shock demand, which in June pushed international oil prices by conflict, was weak in the post-ceasefire margins, with oil prices falling. Brent’s average oil price was $71 per barrel in the first half of 2025, a 15% decline in the same year. Oil prices and product prices fell.
In the first half of the 2025s, the company performed less than ever for exploration, refining, marketing, and chemical panels. From the second quarter, each of the plates had a one-quarter profit split.
Not 119, 15, 40, -2.8 billion, with a slight increase in the return on upstream exploration and development operations, a flat return on sales and a decline in refining and chemical panels. Upstream incremental production has continued, with oil and gas equivalent production rising up to an all-time high during the same period.
High-quality exploration and efficiency development, major breakthroughs in marine oil and gas, and in the Sichuan basin, ultra-deep shale, etc., continued to increase upstream production. In the first half of the year, the company achieved a production equivalent of 262.81 million barrels, an increase of 2.0 per cent, with 140.04 million barrels of crude oil.
The same-0.3%, the same 73.628 billion cubic feet of natural gas production, +5.1%, and the same period of historical highs in oil and gas equivalent production. In the first half of the year, the cost of operating the company ' s hydrocarbon cash was 718.0 yuan per ton, a 4.7% reduction in the same year, and the efficiency of the reduction was effective.
Refinement plates are heavily reduced, and sales of chemical products continue to improve.
Industry, chemical raw materials and shipping coal production continued to grow, with companies processing 120 million tons of crude oil in the first half of the year, production of 71.4 million tons of finished oil, 7.6 per cent of the same year, and production of 22.6 million tons of chemical light oil, 11.5 per cent of the same year.
The same-year sales continued to shrink, with the total volume of finished oil sold in the first half of the year declining by 112.14 million tons, compared with 5.8 per cent in the first half of the year. The chemical panel was still characterized by a low climate in the petrochemical industry in the country during the first half of the year.
Metamation, optimisation of the device, overall improvement in the production and sale of chemical products in the first half of the year, with ethylene production, Cinda Securities Co. Ltd.
A total of 4.08 million tons of industrial products are being run and fully sold.
In 2025, the country's primary crude oil processing capacity was contained within 1 billion tons, and the current refining expansion was nearing its end, bringing the total closer to the “red line” of the policy. In May 2025, the National Commission again stressed the need to speed up the exploitation of crude oil.
Inefficient and backward production in industries such as refining oil, in addition to the recent intensive central release of the “reverse-in-the-book” signal, the recombination of taxes, or the promotion of backward refining can accelerate exit. Companies, as domestic petrochemical taps, or currently limited, reduced competition patterns are excellent.
We still value the company’s long-term investment against a background of continued benefits. Profit forecasts and investment ratings: we expect the company to return to its net profits in 2025-2027, respectively \triangleright
\triangleright \triangleright
Risk; risk of unrepairable downstream demand; risk of substitution for new energy vehicle sales
Over a decade of research and advisory services in the coal and energy-related fields, over a period of more than a decade, under the auspices of the “13th Five-Year National Coal Survey and Development Planning Programme”, the revision of industrial technology policy and enterprise-related advice, and in June 2016, under the auspices of the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research in the coal sector, are now the head of the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre.
Liu Hong Guang, a doctor from Beijing University, was an expert and assistant to the Director of the China Institute of petrochemical Economics, a member of the Committee on Carbon Central and Specialized Industry of the Chinese Society of Environmental Sciences, and a member of the Committee on Energy Transformation, Carbon Central and Petrochemical Industry Development. He has led a number of studies, including a study on medium- and long-term projections of energy consumption, and has participated in the development of policy papers on the construction of new energy systems, industrial carbon peaks and high-quality development in ministries.
Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in March of that year, Hu Xiao Yi, Master of Economics, University of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, and Bachelor of Financial Sciences, Southwest University of Finance and Economics. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for research in the petrochemical industry.
Liu Xing, Master of Arts, University of Hong Kong, Bachelor of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 to work on the petrochemical component, which has no connection with, has no connection with, and will not be directly or indirectly related to, the specific analytical opinions or views contained in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindam Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy approved by the CVM. This report is produced and published by the Sindha Securities Corporation.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.