The Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre is the most powerful industry leader in the world. The company is mainly involved in the construction of various printed circuit boards.
• Planning, research and development, manufacturing and marketing operations, with a wide range of applications for communications products, computers, consumer electronics and various 3c electronics, and has worked over the years, in cooperation with world-class clients, to build a well-structured and well-structured system through the use of advanced research and development techniques, combined with efficient and low-cost operational tools
The pcb production and distribution system is one of the most influential producers in the industry. Billion dollars, 8.1 per cent more than in the previous year, net return to mothers, $2.77 billion more than in the previous year, 51.7 per cent more than in the previous year, and revenue and profitability are historically high, with an overall Māori rate of 23.2 per cent, with Māori rates for telecommunications panel products.
For 36.7%, R & D costs were 1.2 billion yuan, an increase of 19.6%, or 4.7% of operating income. The company is a leading producer of the printed circuit board industry.
Industrial controls, medical devices, defence and aerospace are non-existent electronic components of modern electronic information products. Company products include communication boards, consumer electronics and computer panels, and other panels, and clients include Apple, Google, Sony, Huayuan, Mi, Opo, etc.
In order to maintain global leadership, companies focus on R & D, higher investment in technology research, and more on the introduction of talent. Companies are active in the electronics area of automobiles.
In the future, the need for fpc for smart devices, such as folding screen phones, will increase significantly, and will drive $1.74. Given the large market space in pcb, the company is competitive, the track is good, and the public is at the same time.
The Division’s continued high-level investment in research and development to improve its competitiveness in the development of high-performance products is expected to break down significantly in the future. Given the industry’s average valuation level, taking into account the company’s flagship effect, we give companies the risk of substitution of their core technologies in 2019.
1 Pond Holdings: The global leader in fpc was created by a complete change in the arcade precision component (Shenzhen) Ltd. The company was founded on 29 April 1999 and listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange on 18 September 2018.
Companies are mainly engaged in the design, development, manufacture and sale of various types of printed circuit boards. Products are widely used in communications products, computers, consumer electronics, and various types of 3c electronics. With the mission of “developing science and technology for the benefit of mankind, for the benefit of the environment, and for the betterment of the planet”, companies have worked over the years in partnership with world-class clients to match them with advanced research and development technologies.
Together with efficient and low-cost operations, a well-structured, well-placed pcb supply system has been created, and modern “efficiency, rationalization, automation, no one” plants have become highly influential producers in the industry, with a high profile in the industry. The company has given high priority to research and development, and has established a research and development centre in Shenzhen City.
More than 600 patents have been granted at home and abroad. At present, Penang’s manufacturing bases are located in Shenzhen, Qin, Huo An, and the gate, and the service radius covers mainland China, Hong Kong, China, Taiwan, Japan, South Korea, the United States, Vietnam, etc., and can provide high-speed, high-quality, low-quality global customers.
Cost- and value-added pcb design, development, manufacturing and marketing services have become the most influential and influential manufacturers in the industry.
Figure 1: The company ' s development history up to 2014 saw the creation of the leading electronics, the most sophisticated electronics, the most sophisticated electronics, the best electronics, the best electronics, the best electronics, the best electronics, the most sophisticated electronics. At the same time, in Hebei, the Royal Qin Island, the Liaoning Barangay, the Jiang Suhuayan factory, and the Shenzhen Matsugang.
In December 2013, the parent company was identified as a state-level high-technology company; it became China’s first and second largest pcb company. In December 2016, it completed the re-equity re-engineering process, which brought together the company’s former wealth in the form of brilliant electronics, fine electronics, fine electronics, excellent electronics, excellent electronics, excellent electronics, powerful electronics, and powerful electronics.
In 2017, a build-up of external investors was completed, with the overall change to a stock company and the official name changed to Pond Holdings. In 2018, the Prismark report showed that the company became the world’s largest producer of pcb; in September of the same year, it was listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange.
Figure 2: Corporate equity structure Corporate equity concentration and stable equity structure. Large shareholders owned 73.8% of businesses in Port-au-Prince, 2nd stockholders in Fukugi International, 7.2% of shareholders and 81% of total stock holdings. The actual controller behind this is a listed company in Taiwan.
The pcb product of the Hong Sea Collection, which was purchased in 2006 by Fuscon, can be divided into communication boards, consumer electronics and computer panels, and other panels, and widely used downstream, such as mobile phones, network equipment, tablet computers, wearable equipment, laptop computers, servers/stores and car electronics.
Products. Focusing on a full range of pcb products and services for industry leading clients, and depending on the customization requirements for pcb for different downstream end-products, customers can be provided with an integrated solution covering the design, development, manufacture and post-sale links of pcb products, where the communication panels consist mainly of printed circuit boards for various types of communications products such as mobile phones, routers and switches.
The communications panels produced by the company include a variety of products, such as master panels, boards, speaker panels, antenna panels, camera panels, icm modules, and fingerprint recognition panels. The consumer electronic panels are used mainly for low-lying products related to modern consumer life and entertainment, such as tablet computers, wearable devices, games and smart home devices.
In the area of car electronics, the company’s products have been specifically applied to car electronics such as solar lamps, car navigation systems, car-borne audio and entertainment systems, and car charger systems. Meanwhile, the Podang Holdings has built a platform of liboard excellent board, which provides a one-stop service for pcb sampling.
Since then, in keeping with the business concept of online, easy service and user experience, production capacity, timeliness and product quality have been continuously upgraded to produce high-quality pcbs at a low total cost, to provide a timely response to the market for creators, engineers, customers, timely production, timely profitability, and to enhance the competitive advantage of partners.
2 Financial analysis: companies focused on R & D, growing steadily, growing steadily in the future, with a steady growth of 2.1 major businesses and a clear competitive edge in products. Companies achieved business income of 25.860 billion yuan in 2018, an increase of 8.1 per cent over the previous year, and a net profit of 2.77 billion yuan to their mothers.
The main reason for the decline in corporate operating income and net profit growth is the lower price increases for corporate products due to lower than expected sales of major customers’ end-products downstream and strong competition in the market. The company’s pcb products are predominantly telecommunications boards, consumer electronics, computer panels, and others.
Communications generated business income of 20.42 billion yuan, an increase of 8.4 per cent in the same year, and consumption of electronic products earned $5.42 billion, an increase of 7.2 per cent in the same year, while other products generated revenues of 100 million yuan, a decline of 47.8 per cent in the same year.
Over 70 per cent of the company ' s total revenues have been sustained over the long term and have risen year after year, reaching a high of 79 per cent in 2018. 23.2 per cent of the company ' s overall Māori ratio in 2018, including 22.4 per cent for telecommunications products, consumption of electronics and the current decline, mainly due to higher costs of raw materials due to high customer requirements for product quality and performance, which increased significantly during the same period.
The end-product sales of major clients have fallen short of expectations. However, companies have since begun to increase the overall Māori ratio of companies by increasing their capacity utilization, optimizing product composition, and increasing demand from major downstream customers. 2.3 High R&D support companies have firmly established a leading industry position.
The company is committed to research and development of forward-looking technologies, has increased its investment in research and development, and has continued to promote innovation in research and development in order to ensure that the annual investment in research and development in public companies is 1.2 billion yuan, representing an increase of 19.6 per cent, or 4.7 per cent of operating income. After many years of accumulation of research and development, the company has accumulated deep technology in various print circuit boards and has built a “oneavary” product system.
As of December 2018, companies had accumulated 609 patents, of which 261 were in mainland China and 255 in Taiwan, and their sales costs were low as a percentage of operating income, which remained at about 1 per cent, mainly because they had a direct partnership with their customers, relying on prior technology and production manufacturing capacity, without the need for higher sales commissions and customer development costs, and
Client concentration is high, with lower dimensions. Management costs represent a relatively high share of revenue, with 2.9 per cent of management fees in the year before 2017, and then return to their original level. Management costs are higher when companies focus on R & D, invest in technology research, and higher when companies focus on talent in order to maintain their global leadership.
Low, negative until 2017, mainly because interest income is larger than interest expenditure, reflecting the company’s liquidity charge of three circuit boards: the parent of electronic manufacturing works in the manufacturing of printed circuit boards. Printed circuit boards are bridges with electronic components and connections to circuits.
The company’s pcb products can be divided into telecommunications panels, consumer electronics and computer panels and other panels.
Communications boards include fpc:flexpcb, rigidly printed circuit boards (r-pcb), high-density connection boards (hdi), class plate slp, etc., which can provide customers with an integrated solution covering the design, development, manufacture and post-sale stages of pcb products. The clients currently served include Apple, Google, Sony, Huay, Opo,
The communications panels produced by companies include a variety of products such as master boards, boards, speaker panels, antenna panels, camera panels, icm panels and fingerprint identification panels, and service clients such as Apple, nokia, sony, oppo, vivo and Mi, among the leading domestic and foreign brands.
Consumer electronic panels are used mainly for downstream products related to the lives and entertainment of modern consumers, such as tablet computers, wearable devices, games and smart home devices.
The issuer follows the demand of the downstream market, and is targeted for the development and production of consumer electronic panels based on the characteristics of different consumer electronics in terms of appearance, functionality, conductivity and screen partition resolution, with downstream customers including Apple Division, Google, Microsoft, and China as leading brand customers.
Applications are applied to downstream computer-type products such as desktops, laptops, servers, etc. The end-users of the issuer's computer use panels include a number of global-renowned computer manufacturers such as Apple, Dale, Hewlett-Packard, and Hua-Soo.
In the case of car electronics such as solar lighting systems, car navigation systems, car-borne audio and entertainment systems, and car charge systems, the customers of services such as panasonic, cluster photovoltaics and tela; in the area of industrial control, the main products are industrial computer panels, etc., and the customers of services are industrial panels. In the future, the market for automobiles, electronics, etc., will also be distribution.
Linens focus on the product orientation of the layout. Other panels are mainly based on the firm’s product sampling and testing services for downstream customers.
High reliability, excellent perturbability, softness, static bends, dynamic bends, cursing, folding features, electronic components that can be embedded, interconnected with three-dimensional i/o arrays, extensive use of fpc to make circuit design and mechanical architecture more freer and flexible, resolving the complex and diverse layout of the system's circuits, the combination of products “light, thin, short, small” and functions
As one of the world’s largest producers of pcb, companies have long focused on and deepened the production and development of high-level pcb products, and their production technologies, such as fpc, are at the forefront of the industry, with their main clients being internationally recognized large brand clients,
In 2018, the company invested in a flexible multi-storey printed circuit board extension project, with an annual capacity of 1.38 million square metres, an advanced layout for fpc, with a minimum linear width/wire range of 50/50 μm for bulk production, and optimized the production process in line with the technological trend towards high density and high speed of electronics.
To promote “efficiency, fertilization, automation, unmanned” manufacturing planning, companies are expected to produce and develop technology at a level of $12.7 billion globally in 2018. Global fpc production is projected to reach $13,182 million in 2019, according to Prismark. This is an increase of 4%.
In the future, the demand for fpc in the market is expected to be released gradually, from potential to growth. fpc is used in a wide range of smart devices, using smart cellular terminals, for example, mobile phone screens, panels, panels, etc.
The connection of the keys, side keys, cameras, receivers, rowlines, etc. will be used to fpc. The number of fpcs used by single smartphones will increase as the smartphone sensors increase with the success of the film collection. Of the mobile phones that are now available, Apple phones are the one with the largest fpc trial, with fpc in the iphonexs cell phone with up to 24 pieces of fpc in the other home-grown smart hands.
In view of the gradual increase in the share of smartphones in the country and the second shift, it is expected that future smartphone terminals will have considerable scope to increase their sales of fpc, thereby contributing to the growth of corporate business.
Positive layout slp, which has a pre-emptive advantage. Classboard (slp) is a high hdi, mainly based on semi-aggregated pcb graphics technology between subtraction and full add-up. The slp production process is more mature, and the graphic precision and reliability of graphics can meet the demand for high end products. Compared to the traditional hdi, slp has a linear width/wire distance from hdi.
40/40um is reduced to 30/30um, with more stacking layers and more functional modules to carry. Slp is an optimal product in the current market that can meet both cellular space and signal transmission requirements, and a number of well-known smart hands are planning to introduce slp and slp production over time in its final product, which will break the industry's ecology.
iphonex is a smartphone product using the first slp stacking board, and slp reduces the size of the board inside the cell, but does not affect the chip function it carries. A smaller slab size can provide more space for the battery and enhance the battery capacity. As a core provider for the apple panel, the field of active layout slp, was actually created as early as the second half of 2017.
At present, it is produced to cut into the Appleslp supply chain. The suppliers of the iPhonesslp are, among other things, pings, at&s, ttm, happy, Htong and ibden, with the highest levels of orders from pt and at&s ranging from 25 to 30%, the top beneficiaries. Three-star s10 cell phones are also using the slp homeboard.
With the advent of the 5g era, mobile phones will use a 5g technology that consumes more electricity, which will accelerate their penetration, and it is expected that more android brand mobile phone manufacturers will do so in the future. Market space is expected to reach 15 billion yuan in 2019.
In 2023, 26 billion yuan was reached, and the class carrier (slp) will become a necessity for large-scale pcb manufacturers. As the two major producers of the apple supply chain, the dots actively cut into the area of slp through precision judgement and pre-positioning, and already in late 2017, Euros in the construction of the slp in Chongqing, together with the Shanghai factory, formed the company ' s slp productive capacity.
3.3 Strong development of pcb operations, positive layout hdi, according to Prismark, estimated global total production of pcb in 2018 at $61.1 billion. Prismark projects that the global market for pcb will continue to grow mildly in the next four years.
Annually, 52.4% of total global production in the pcb industry ranked global pcb firms in terms of revenues in Prismark 2018, and companies were the world’s largest producer of pcb in 2017. According to a global pcb business forecast in February 2019, companies continued to be the world’s top producer in 2018.
The company’s main competitors include Japan’s flag, ttm, HUT, at&s, Taishi, and annual concentration of 30%, which by 2018 had reached 60%. Continued steady growth, with companies taking advantage of technological, managerial, and other advantages, constantly opening up high-end communications customers, 2018.
High-density connectors (hdi) are one (technology) for the production of printed circuit boards, which use microblind encrypting techniques, which have a higher road distribution density than electrical boards. Hdi boreholes use laser drilling techniques.
The drilling hole of the hdi plate is generally 3-5mil (0.076-0.1270 mm), the line width is generally 3-4mil (0.076-0.10 mm) and the length of the carrier is 45-50 μm.hdi is currently mainly used in mobile terminals (phones, tablets, etc.), computers (pc, laptops, etc.), steam.
Areas such as car electronics, where mobile terminals, represented by smart phones, are the largest application of Hdi. Hdi currently accounts for 13% of the market capacity of the world-wide pcb, about $10 billion in market size. With the use of equipment units, such as mobile phones, the development of hdi is becoming more sophisticated, and the market space for hdi is still large, with the expected city of Hdi 2019-2022.
The company’s main competitors in the Hdi field, such as Htoon Computer, Japan’s name, deep circuits, and Xiangwang Electronics, now dominate the market. Thanks to the company’s long-term focus on and increased research and development of hdi technologies, the accumulation of mature productive capacity and added-up processes, coupled with a significant increase in the current rate of innovation in the company’s anylayerhdi products, has led to a significant increase in the number of products produced by the company.
As a global leader, the current R & D and R inputs are at the top of domestic and foreign competition. The slp can reduce the width/wire distance from 40/40 micrometres of hdi to 30/30 micrometres.
The board is closer to the ic board for semiconductor encapsulation, with apples, Samsung, and China adopting slp as the mobile phone board in large numbers. All of these products use the smt process. Smt is a surface assembly technology that replaces traditional manual welding, product batch quantification, and production automation, which is the most popular technology and process in the electronic assembly industry.
A surface assembly element (smc/smd) of a matrix arranged for wrapping of a short-line or ball, installed on the surface of a printed circuit board (pcb) or other base plate, welded by, for example, reflux or welding.
Scenario 2: Consumer electronics and computer panels: a slight decline in consumer electronics and computer panels in corporate sales is projected over the next three years, with growth rates of 7 per cent, 8 per cent and 8 per cent, respectively, assuming a steady increase in the price of consumer electronics and computer panels, scenario 3: Other panels: as the company's business expands to downstream areas such as cars, we expect the output of the business.
We have selected companies from the industry for valuation purposes, namely, Eastyama's sophisticated, Hirosin Electronics, Kantang Electronics, Victory Technology, with an average of 18.46 times the industry's 2019 pe average and an estimated 1.49 ps in 2019. Given the size of the pcb industry, the company's competitive pattern, the track is excellent, and the company's continued high investment in R & D is improving.
Given the risks of faster changes in the market demand of firms in the pcb industry downstream: the risks of higher customer concentration: less than expected risks of product R & D. No one will receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.