Treasure letter software (600845): idc High Growth, Treasure software, Inc. is a domestic iron and steel information and third-party idc service provider.
One of the leading players, the net cash flow of products and services in steel, transport, and operations was 876 million yuan, an increase of 47.63 per cent over the same period.
A single-season revenue of 1.703 billion yuan, an increase of 13.57 per cent over the same period, and a net return to the mother of 215 million yuan and 205 million yuan, an increase of 7.11 per cent over the same period.
On the supply side, idc construction is run in a similar way to real estate, and barriers to entry are found mainly in: (1) financing. idc construction costs are high, and enterprise financing is an important constraint on its own development.
Flexible domestic sources of finance, or large group endorsements, are more powerful when size expands. 2) Location: First-line cities gather businesses such as the Internet, finance, etc., and idc infrastructure needs are greatest, but first-line urban industrial electricity indicators, industrial land resources and high standards of pue limit competitors
The third-party idc service provider, while ensuring high and reliable service capacity, will be different from the operator and cloud service provider being favoured by downstream customers. The company’s new projects go online, and the reserve projects guarantee long-term growth.
In terms of capacity, the company currently has a contract rate of more than 100% for four phases, with some projects delivered to Shanghai Telecom by September 30, for a 10-year contract with an average cost of about $300 million a year.
The company’s plan to build Wuhanidc, along with the Wuhan Gang, means that the company’s idc will be deployed to a second-line city. Iron and steel informatization is guaranteed by the firm’s certainty of its performance.
Bosin software (600845): idc high-growth industry leads to sound corporate development.
Master of Science in Theory Economics, Bachelor of Arts in Electronic Information Engineering, Joined East Hing Securities in 2018, Master of Air Engineering, University of Qinghua, and Bachelor of Science in Vehicle Design and Engineering, Northwestern Industrial University.
The Chinese People’s University joined the East Hing Securities and Communication Group in 2019.
The source of financial prosperity in the East, the Bosin software (600845): the idc high-growth industry leads to sound corporate development, and does not guarantee that the information and advice it contains will not change. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the views, conclusions and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.