Treasure letter software (600845) 3-quarter review 2019 with steady growth in performance in the first 3 quarters and growth of the idc resource in time for Wei Hongmei
Incident: 3rd Quarterly Report 2019 issued by the company on 24 October 2019, with revenue of $4,519 million in the first three quarters, adjusted to an increase of 12.01 per cent in the same year; net profit from repatriation of the mother of $608 million, adjusted by Rhodes Bin, Research Assistant
The subsidiary also had a controllable impact, with steady performance growth in the previous three quarters. According to the announcement, the company ' s operating income increased by 12.01 per cent in the first three quarters of 2019 on a year-on-year basis; the net profit on maternity increased by 24.82 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and the profit end increased by 2019h1 (37.28 per cent) at a lower rate.
During the reporting period, the company’s combined statements included a loss of $12 million in martial arts and steel technology in the first three quarters of the year, which is a definite drag on the company’s profits. But the loss in the first three quarters of the year was higher than in the same period the previous year.
By the time the contract was signed, the four-phased Idc project had a limited contribution to the three-quarter performance and was expected to increase further in the four-quarter period. Profitability was steadily up and cash flows continued to improve.
By 29.89%, the same year-on-year increase was 0.51 percentage points, and profitability continued to improve. In terms of the cost of the period, the company ' s cost was 15.18% in the first three quarters of 2019, which was almost the same as the same period last year. In concrete terms, the sales cost rate fell by 0.17 percentage points to 2.87% in the same year; the management cost rate was higher in the same year.
With respect to cash flows, which have benefited from the growth in the scale of sales, the net operating cash flow of companies reached $876 million in the first three quarters of 2019, an increase of 47.63 per cent over the same period. The Idc market is vastly spaced and the company has a great future.
At the same time, the demand for data processing and storage by businesses will be stronger, driven by the ongoing development of new areas such as mobile Internet, large numbers of data, and the Internet. With this in mind, the Idc market will maintain a high rate of growth, based on scientific advice.
In 2021, the size of the country’s idc market is expected to be close to $276 billion. Companies, as a domestic third-party idc-led company, now have ample idc cabinet resources in Shanghai.
Investment advice: maintain a recommended rating. Domestic idc development is on a fast track, driven by a combination of policy and demand. Industry prospects are promising.
This report is presented independently and objectively to the extent that you know it. It clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of the relevant business departments of the company, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.