Information technology software and services Corporate business is growing steadily, and idc+information goes hand-in-hand with events: the company today released its three-quarterly report in 2019, generating operating income of $4.519 billion.
Corporate business as a whole has grown steadily. The same rate of growth in corporate operating income and net profits in the third quarter was 12 per cent and 25 per cent, respectively; operations in the third quarter were slightly lower than the dollar, a 7.1 per cent increase in the same period.
The company’s cash flow remains relatively good, with a net operating net cash flow of 876 million yuan in the third quarter, an increase of 48% over the same period. The benefit of the steel industry has been consolidated several times, and the company’s iron and steel information business continues to be in high demand.
The company maintained a faster rate of growth in the new iron and steel information bill for the third quarter, advanced intelligence systems in the BMW, total equity/flow (million shares) and an increase in automated orders from within.
Total market value/flow (millions of dollars) will be further released.
The continuing performance of the steel business, the acquisition of Wuhan crafts by the company, has effectively supplemented the number of practitioners, the Bosin software (600845), corporate steel information to match the growth of the business.
The demand for change has reached a new peak, the idc construction has been maintained, the treasure clouds have been delivered four times, and the idc business has high ceilings.
The terminal was delivered at the end of September, ahead of the expected end of the year, and is expected to contribute to the incremental performance ahead of schedule. As the coverage of the 5g network and the need for cloud computing rises, the core cloud count continues to rise in demand for the data centre, the company and Ali Baba, Ting, etc.
Good cooperation has been maintained, while the company has a large number of inactive plant areas in the East China region, including Shanghai and Nanjing, as a supplementary resource to idc, which has significantly increased the size of the company's idc business. Dollars, $0.98 and $1.21 maintain a “buy-in” rating.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report