Performance met expectations, long-term growth certainty - Treasure letter software (600845.sh) was evaluated in the three quarters of 2019. The company achieved business income in the first three quarters of 19 years.
Four hundred and fifty-nine million yuan, an increase of 1,201 per cent in the same year; the net return to the mother is 608 million yuan, which is a rebound in income and an increase in investment in research and development in the third quarter. The company ' s revenue of q2 is 3.18 per cent lower in the same year, while the income of q3 is 1.703 billion yuan, an increase of 19.69 per cent in the same year.
The main reason for warming is due to the ongoing delivery of the project settlement and the company ' s idc project. The company ' s net profit of q3 fell by 3.64 per cent, mainly because of the company ' s combined performance loss report in July for the steel industry and the growth of research and development inputs.
Research assistant: Luo Yunyan, 31.88%. We believe that the company will integrate its military and steel technology resources in a reasonable way, with long-term benefits and similar increases in research and development inputs.
Firms are qualified for portfolio investment consulting, operating net cash flows are growing at a high rate, and delivery of the idc project has been successful for 19 years.
Net operating cash flows in the first three quarters amounted to $850 million, an increase of 47.63 per cent over the previous three quarters.
Telecom has a great business outlook: 190906. Once again, it has signed a lease contract for Building 2,3 at $3.1 billion, generating an additional income of $300 million per year.
The ivory software (600845.sh) is planned to perform in contrast to depth 300.
The iron and steel information business is on schedule and is expected to continue to open the market in the future. In September, the public shareholder was officially a horse and steel shareholder, and in September, he became an insider of the Treasure Group, requiring more than $3 billion in incremental space. The national steel industry has a solid strategy to remove its backward production capacity.
Step-by-step integration of future M&As in the steel industry is expected to continue, and companies, as leaders in the transformation of the BMW industry, will continue to grow rapidly in the future in the area of iron and steel informatics. As expected, long-term growth will be more certain, maintaining an “uptake” rating.
The report’s analytical logic is based on one’s professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects his research views, and the conclusions are not directed or influenced by any third party.