On October 24, the Treasure News software released its third report, 2019. At the beginning of the year and the end of the reporting period, the company became operational.
Revenue of $4,519 million, an increase of 1,201 per cent over the same period; realization of net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies in the reporting category of $608 million, an increase of 24.82 per cent over the same period in the previous year; net cash flows from company operations of $876 million, combined with short-term effects on profits, with the company ' s long-term growth logic.
The acquisition, with an investment value of $292 million, represents a 100% shareholding, and the incorporation of martial arts and steel techniques into the company’s portfolio since July has affected and affected profits. The company’s Māori sales rate is 29.89%, an increase of $1 million over the same period in the previous year, an increase of 22.83% over the previous year, and continues to favour the company’s long-term development.
On September 20, 20, 2019, the company signed a contract with Shanghai Telecommunications to customize the data centre service for the four buildings 2 and 3 in Bo Yuen Yunc. The company invested in building 4 projects for the two and 3 buildings in Yunjic and split three batches by September 30, 2019, in accordance with Shanghai Telecommunications requirements.
The contract period ends 120 months after the date of payment of the third batch of machine cabinets.
The company, as a domestic iron and steel information and third-party idc-led company, relies on China’s powerful Iron and Steel Group, which is growing with a high degree of certainty, and we appreciate the company’s leading role in the industrial software industry.
At 28 West Side Street, Beijing, Hengsheng Building, 1000 East Side Gate Road, Fukuda District, Fukuwa's free trade on the 6th.
China (Sichuan) Free Trade Test Zone, 17th Floor, China Sea International Center, 17th Floor.
The company (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) is a client. The company is not considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving the report, and has no direct business relationship with the company.
This report is prepared on the basis of information that the company considers to be reliable and publicly available, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of such information.
The opinions, assessments, and projections contained in the report are the only points of view and judgement that are available on the date of issuance of this report, and are subject to change without notice. At different times, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments, and projections contained in this report. At the same time, the prices, values and investment revenues of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in this report may fluctuate.
The company is not obliged to update the information contained in this report to all recipients. The company may modify the information contained in this report without notice, and the investors should follow up with the relevant updates or modifications.
The company seeks to report objectively and impartially, but the ideas, conclusions and recommendations contained in this report are for the information of investors only, and are not an invitation or guarantee to purchase or sell securities or the subject matter of their investments. These views, recommendations and recommendations do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial position and specific needs of the person who obtained the report, and do not constitute a recommendation for private investment in the client at any time.
The company and its authors do not bear any of the consequences of relying on, or using, this report and other relevant studies of the company.