The Centre for Research in Innovation Technology and Business Services realized operating income of 4.519 billion yuan, yoy+12.01 per cent in the first three quarters of the company; net return profit of 608 million yuan, yoy+24.82 per cent.
The speed of growth (oy+8.33%) is lower than the rate of income growth and the consolidation of construction in progress is less evident (fixed assets 1. High-growth certainty double-sourced tap - Treasurestone software + 160 million, construction in progress - 0.54 million) and the company is assumed to have a lower rate of growth than the acceleration of the growth rate, mainly Maori.
During the reporting period, the company completed a 100% equity acquisition for the steel industry, at a trade value of $292 million. The company is the same person who actually controls the steel industry.
And with a high degree of overlap, the acquisition will help to solve the problems of competition between the two sides, while at the same time creating a more specialized technical platform through the integration of business, personnel, etc., and optimizing the configuration of the business so as to reduce the cost of the company's iron and steel information operations in the Wuhan region, which will help the company to increase regional market ownership,
Improved client experience to benefit from the development of iron and steel information business, strong demand for steel information business, good year-round growth in idc business. Company iron and steel information business orders are sufficient to benefit internally from the group’s own digital development and steel, such as horse and steel.
The only current constraint is the lack of human resources to implement the information-based demand generated by the integration of enterprise mergers and acquisitions, external benefits from the concentration of the industry’s headlines and the penetration of the mes in other areas.
With the four-stage machine cabinet power, single cabinets, and greater profitability, it is expected to accelerate the release of idc’s performance as next year’s rollout rises. With the strong demand for corporate iron and steel information, the advantages of idc’s operational resources are clear, and we look forward to the company’s long-term viability.
The demand for Internet vendor idc is not as high as expected: information-based expenditure in the steel industry is not as high as expected: corporate idc construction is at an uncertain pace: sales of related transactions are disproportionately high.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment