idc's business progress is over-expected, future growth is within reach, bovine software (600845.sh)
The company announcement for the third quarter of 2019 reported that the company had collected $4,519 million in the first three quarters, an increase of $1 billion in the same year and an increase of 23.90 per cent in the same year.
During the reporting period, the company completed a 100 per cent equity acquisition in steel and steel technology, adjusted to reflect a 7.3 per cent increase in the company ' s performance over the three seasons compared to the previous period, which was generally in line with expectations. The main reason for the slowdown in profit growth was the consolidation in the current period.
In our view, the impact is only in the short term, with the co-benefits of the acquisition of steel and steel, 2) idc's business progress exceeding expectations, the future growth of the company's idc business is going well and delivery is ahead of schedule. In September, the company disclosed that it was in Shanghai.
The telecommunications contract “Investment in the 4th phase of the Treasure Cloud II, III Building Project, which is currently being delivered in three batches on 30 September”, is expected to start in four quarters early in 2020, with a total of 30,000 standard hangars to be put into operation. The smooth progress of the 4th phase reflects the core first-line urban data.
In accordance with the requirements of Shanghai City, the number of additional local Internet data hubs by 2020 is strictly limited to 60,000, and we believe that the core competitiveness of the Shanghai region will be maintained by the company’s energy-consumption control capacity and its vast experience of automated transport.
The Boshin Wuhan area idc plan is to build the 18,00020a cabinet in three phases, which, when completed, will be the largest single data centre in China. We believe that the current demand for data centres for cloud computing remains high, and that there will be more space for the future, with the delivery and uplifting of the cabinets, corporate idc industry will continue to grow.
Performance is expected to continue to release, looking forward to long-term development. 3) Increased convergence in the steel industry, secured steel information orders, merger of steel industry and upstream demand for horse and steel M & A booster companies.
The company is expected to consolidate its leading position in this business and is expected to grow more robustly in the long run, with its long-term advantage in technology, products and services, such as mes, ems, cold swings, and transport services, benefiting from the continued advancement of intelligent manufacturing.