New Olympic shares (60803), a sword for ten years, gas gasification in the fall, February 26th, 2018.
In recent years, the company has begun to expand its energy industry. As an important component of the New Olympics group, it has been able to build on technological innovation and the advantages of the natural gas market.
The company's operations are mainly located upstream in the development of natural gas and coal-based clean energy, with coal and coal-chemical plates, eng plates, engineering company plates and biopharmaceutical plates.
$2.239 billion (net) is invested in a stable light hydrocarbons project (combined production of 600,000 tons of methanol) that produces 200,000 tons per year, mainly for additives and solvents for high-clean oils.
Deep down, coal prices are likely to continue the upward trend, while oil prices are steadily going up and up with the warming of the lower mto market, and the performance of related operations such as methanol will increase significantly. With gas based, the ng plate is expected to become a new engine for development: with coal gas, oil oil fields, and so on.
As a result of the lower global oil and gas prices of the previous two years, companies are less likely to lose value in 2015, while santos is expected to start contributing to their performance as oil prices rise.
▪ Engineering is an important player in achieving strategic objectives: since 2015 when the company gained the injection of New Olympic Group engineering assets, the energy engineering business has contributed more than 30 per cent of its revenue. As the main contractor for the New Olympic Group ' s Teng Receiving Station Project, the first phase of the project is expected to be implemented by mid-year
In addition, with the introduction of gasification technology, it is believed that there will be a qualitative breakthrough in the relevant business blocks.
Through 10 years of research and development and accumulation, a variety of gas-gasification technologies have been developed that are adapted to the locality of coal. We believe that the commissioning of catalytic gasification and hydrogenification industrial installations will be important, not only to help companies to connect the industrial chain, to achieve organic integration of existing operations, but also to be efficient and efficient for coal in the north of China.
The combination of high-value-added uses and heat supply in the North provides a new and better solution.  With the help of pharmaceuticals, there is still room for upgrading biopharmaceutical operations: corporate biopharmaceutical operations include the development, production and marketing of pesticides and veterinary drugs and preparations, and possession of pesticide pesticides, microbicides, herbicides, and animals.
There are a number of varieties, such as medicines. The company’s agricultural and veterinary operations show a general recovery as a result of multiple factors, such as prior environmental inspectors, business closures, and increased market demand, and there is scope for further improvement in the agricultural and veterinary operations as a result of refined operational management.
(a) For the first time, it is covered, with a “buy-in” rating. Impairment losses are accounted for: stabilization of production progress for the light hydrocarbons project, stabilization of gasification technology, and construction of the ng receiving station at a less advanced stage than expected.
In 2004, the New Olympic Group and the New Olympics invested in the remote biochemistry of shellfish, while continuing their traditional veterinary operations.
In January 2011, Wei biochemistry issued shares to New Olympics, buying new energy (Chang Jia Harbang) holdings, 75% of energy companies and 100% of New Energy (Calport) companies, marking the company ' s formality.
In December 2014, the company was officially renamed the New Olympic Eco-Consumptions Ltd., marking the company’s operations.
At the end of the integration, the successful change from an agricultural, veterinary, pharmaceutical company to a holding public 1.1. An integrated solution for the provision of natural gas products and coal-based clean energy around coal-based, gas-energy layouts is a strategic objective of the company, and New Olympic shares are an important part of the New Olympic Group ' s clean energy industry chain.
The company clearly stated that the strategic direction of the New Olympics shares was to work on building up upstream core competitiveness in clean energy, building on existing industries, building on technological innovations and natural gas market advantages, providing customers with gas products and coal-based holistic solutions for clean energy, and building on the rich experience of chemical base operating management, innovative investment models, and building production.
Business development is a new normal, becoming a cleaner energy product and service provider for the creation of beautiful ecosystems. The future of the company will come from three sources: one is the shift from coal-chemicals to cleaner, deep-dry energy upstream; the other is the power of growth from the original investment to technological innovation: the business model from a simple product manufacturer in the past to a technological service, a holistic solution.
At present, the number of subsidiaries of the New Olympics shares is high, and can be divided into three sections: gas, coal, and coal chemical, and biopharmaceuticals (animals). The location of several sections is also clear, and the production and exploitation of natural gas is fundamental, provided that the traditional agricultural and veterinary operations provide the basis for this objective.
The layout and outreach help to build the core competitiveness of the company.
Biopharmaceutical plate eng plate China Sea oil
New Olympics, Hebei Weiwei Animal Pharmacy, New Phoenix.
Newland Energy Project, Santos, Australia.
North Wei biochemicals Inner Mongolia, Middle and Middle Peking.
New energy. New energy. New energy mining.
[Sniffling] [Jan Jia Harbour] (Tengzhou)
At present, the company ' s main business covers natural gas processing and marketing, production and marketing, coal mining and washing, A.
Production and marketing of ethanol, dimethylether energy chemical products, energy technology engineering services, and biologically made veterinary raw materials and company operating revenues have increased steadily in recent years. In 2016, the company achieved operating revenues of $6,396 million, a 13 per cent increase compared to 2016, with the energy chemicals sector contributing the bulk of the revenues, with coal, methanol and energy engineering together exceeding the share.
In the first half of 2017, the company achieved operating income of $4.6 billion, an increase of 77 per cent over the previous year. This was mainly due to a certain increase in coal and methanol prices compared to the same period in the previous year, as well as energy engineering and pesticide operations compared to the same period in 2016.
1.3. The distribution of the component units was successful, and investments were mobilized for the stabilization of the light hydrocarbons project. The stabilization of the light hydrocarbons project was carried out by New Energy, Ltd., a company-owned subsidiary, at the site of the project ' s construction in the Central Mongolian Autonomous Region, at the New Olympics Industrial Park, the flag of Durat.
The project uses the local abundance of coal raw materials to produce 200,000 tonnes of stable light hydrocarbons (combined production of 600,000 tonnes of methanol) and by-products such as 200 million m3/year liquefied natural gas and 44,000 tonnes/year of liquefied petroleum gas, respectively, using water flaring, catalytic gasification, hydrogen gasification, coupled with low-temperature methanol washing, conversion, synthesis, stabilization of light hydrocarbons, etc.
By implementing the project, the company will further develop coal-based energy cleaner production and the use of the industrial chain and promote the strategic direction of the company in the development of clean energy sources and refined chemical products. 2. Coal-based, coal and processing operations provide profitable support.
The company ' s coal mines and coal-chemical plates are mainly located in new energy mining, and can be broken down further into coal mining, mainly in the Wang Jiata mine and the Tatung mine, where the Wang Jiata coal mine is being produced, and the Cave coal mine is still in the exploration phase.
In addition, the company plans to build a new 600,000-ton coal methanol extension project, which is expected to be targeted for fine-tuning, with emphasis on cleaner production and clean transformation of coal.
As government-led supply-side reforms continue to deepen, oil prices rise, coal and coal-based methanol operations are warming, and the future industry is expected to maintain a high profile.
2.1.1. The coal market is warming, and the Royal Tower mine has the potential to expand its production potential.
150-456m, basically single-slashed tectonics, near-high-level coal layers, 3-5 degrees average inclination, simple geological conditions, low gas content. 1,090.9 million tons of registered resources and 1,050.9 million tons of mine-held resources, 617.22 million tons recoverable. Mining licences were obtained in 2010 for long-arm mining processes, with depths of 1219 metres as high as 920 metres.
Between the mark heights, the initial design of the coal mine has an annual capacity of 5 million tons, and in early 2016, the Central Autonomous Region Coal Industry Board of Mongolia approved an approved capacity of 6.8 million tons/year, with a potential medium- and long-term capacity of 8 million tons/year. Coal production from the Royal Tower mine was outsourced to a specialized company, Chua Tai.
Coal mining is planned. Coal mines are equipped with coal-washing plants, which wash more than 13 mm, and refiners account for about 40% of commercial coal production. The main products are: coal mix, below 13 mm, with a heat value of 4700 - 4900 kcal/kg; large pieces, 80 - 150 mm, with a heat value of 5150 - 5250 kcal/kg; and medium pieces, less than 80 mm, with a heat value of 5120 - 5200 kcal/kg.
The company's main coal products include coal mixed and fertilized coal, which is usually used as power coal due to higher ash fractions, scrubbering, low ash fractions and other impurities, suitable for high-quality coal for some specialized uses, and may also be used as part of the coalification of the Royal Tower mine area less than 100 km apart from the new energy coal-based methanol plant, which is part of the company's circular economic integration process.
The advantages of the geographical location of the Central “coal-energy chemical industry” are evident, with coal produced in mining areas giving priority to dry company coal-fired coal raw materials for the production of methanol, to the use of coal for export purposes outside its own use, and to long-term cooperative relationships with large coal traders and end-users to ensure full production and sale.
In 2016, as a result of national production restrictions, companies had reduced coal production and home-grown coal sales by 38.12 million tons, 3182 million tons, or 590.64 million tons and 592.39 million tons, respectively, while average coal sales prices had increased by 33.72 per cent to $143.3 million per tonne, while the capacity utilization of coal operations had decreased by 5.60 percentage points to 86.86 per cent; and the production rate had decreased by 5.60 percentage points to 86.86 per cent.
In the first half of 2017, as a result of the gradual liberalization by the Government of the 276-working-day rule and the structuralization of the supply side reforms, the price of coal has generally increased, and the company is still in a state of full production and sale.
This mine is a package of 65.72 square kilometres, which is currently in the survey phase. In accordance with the Autonomous Region ' s coal resource allocation policy, it is expected that the new energy group has invested in the coal-based methanol project.
Seeding is only a matter of time. 2.1.2. With the benefit of the mto industry, the methanol business is expected to add up, and China is the largest methanol producer in the world.
78,555,000 tons, or about 58% of global production. China’s methanol production is still increasing at a rate of nearly 10% in the coming years, but most of the new methanol production matches downstream.
Methanol predominates at about 70%, and the burning gas methanol accounts for about 15%. Methanol is widely used downstream, including mainly formaldehyde, acetic acid, dimethylether, etc. Lower consumption structure of methanol begins to change significantly with the development of emerging industries such as methanol-based hydrocarbons.
The alcohol-based carbide (mto) industry started in 2010 and in 2011 consumed about 2.5 million tons of methanol, the largest increase in annual demand. In 2016, such projects consumed more than 20 million tons of methanol, nearly 50 per cent of methanol, well above 12 per cent of formaldehyde, 7 per cent of acetic acid and 6 per cent of dimethyl ether, and 13 per cent of traditional consumption in the methanol downstream market.
The rapid growth of the mto industry has been driven by downstream demand. In recent years, demand for acrylic hydrocarbons has increased over the years, with a widening gap. In 2015, overall demand for acrylic amounted to 68 million tonnes per year, compared with domestic production of only 3800 tonnes per year.
Nearly half of the gap is covered by large amounts of imports from abroad. Of this amount, ethylene and acrylic production capacity is more than 20 million tons, influenced by the growth in demand for downstream polyethylene and polypropene, the start-up rate of ethylene and acrylic devices is increasing year by year, the capacity of ethylene devices is nearly 90% and the capacity of acrylic devices is over-utilized.
Methanol-based technology or the main driving force behind the growth of demand for methanol in our country. Although low and medium oil prices have weakened the competitiveness of coal-chemicals, domestic energy structures and industrial policies have provided a living space for mto, and projects are still under way, especially those already under construction.
The company’s coal-based methanol business is mainly based on new energy sources, and currently has 600,000 tons of methanol in production under the Ordosda flag, with gasification technology of ge-water syrup plus gasification, with an annual operation of 300 days.
The company’s main marketing area for methanol is Hebei and Shandong, which is dominated by cash and bank coupons. In September 2014, the company announced plans to expand its production of new energy sources, with an expanded production capacity of 1.2 million tons/year after childbirth, and an extension of its installation, which is expected to take place in mid-2018.
In the short term, Methanol is better profitable, mainly because, in order to improve atmospheric quality in the regions of China and China, the Government is steadily promoting gas modification, while increasing environmental monitoring and imposing seasonal restrictions on certain potential atmospheric quality industries during the heating season, with supply of methanol contracting at about 500,000 tons/month.
The medium-term outlook, the next few years, the growth of global methanol production is evident, and the current relative availability of devices, mainly in North America and Iran, is around 4% of total global production. With the company’s methanol project, we believe that the best short-term benefit is 300,000 tons of methanol in Gilin Cornell.
Acetylene, the project ' s full take-out of methanol, the flag of which is the nearest methanol supply base, and overall, while Methanol is on the move or slightly down in the medium term, the company ' s Methanol price center 2.2. Stable light hydrocarbons project is expected to generate a new growth in performance.
The products of the light hydrocarbons project are dominated by high-quality, clean petrochemical products, including stable light hydrocarbons, liquefied natural gas and liquefied low-carbon liquid hydrocarbon products, known as natural gasoline, primarily additives and solvents for high-clean oil products, and future trends in the gasoline market.
In 2016, the country produced 129 million tons of gasoline, imported 20.8 million tons, exported 96.970 million tons, and consumed 120 million tons of gas, and by 2020 it is projected that the demand for gasoline will reach around 150 million tons. With the diversification of modes of travel, gasoline consumption is expected to slow down.
Oil standards are becoming more stringent and the sulphur content in gasoline is expected to be lower and, as of 1 January 2018, the country will fully meet the national standard of five (not more than 10 mg/kg sulphur content).
The company’s production of stable light hydrocarbons is characterized by low sulphur content, its products are environmentally sound and are consistent with the country’s industrial policy, and it is more gas-based, and the eng plate is expected to be a new engine for development.
At present, the New Olympic Group has more than 500 gas transport vehicles with a capacity of more than 1 billion cubic metres per year.
Depending on domestic industrial policy lags and the late opening of the upstream sector, the lock-in of the upstream gas resources has been the short-line of the New Olympic Group. Although the New Olympic Group has built its own lang plants in the Guangxi Sea, Shanxi Jinzhou, and Henan Ping Ping mountain, it has been able to build its own plants in the northwest.
The annual production capacity is close to 300 million; the total annual production capacity will be 800 million after the construction of gas processing plants in Tangshan, Jiang Xixiang, Yunnan Qing. But there is still a large gap between the cost of these gas resources, the instability of supply, and the huge downstream market.
In August 2014, the company announced that 100 per cent of Shanxi Water and New Olympic Gas and 45 per cent of China Sea Oil and Gas Co. Ltd. would be injected into the New Olympics. Given that the water and North Sea projects are owned by New Olympic Gas Investment Co. Ltd., which is a fully-owned subsidiary of New Olympic Energy Holdings Ltd., we have
The reason is that it's the beginning of the new Olympic Group collating the business blocks. From this point of view, it is reasonable to assume that gas-distribution-related operations are divided mainly into new Olympic energy, gas, and upstream operations are concentrated on new Olympic shares.
The gas needed to produce lang is coal-bed, and the gas needed to produce eryg is Chinese-coated coal-bed.