Business performance was stable at 2204, with 23 years of elasticity in performance Transport & Logistics Current operating income of 26.749 billion yuan (29.1 per cent increase in the same year) and net return to the mother is $6.17 billion
Billion dollars (a 1.9% decrease over the previous quarter. The impact of the domestic epidemic and the back of international price fluctuations in the last four quarters led to a significant drop in the smooth q4 income growth rate, but a robust profitability rate. The fourth quarter saw a fall in the smooth q4 income growth rate to 4.2%, mainly due to the positive growth rate.
The 52-week maximum/minimum price logistics began and started at 2104, and the 2204-carri logistics’ own revenue growth was also negatively affected by international trade demand and price fluctuations. In the context of the four-quarter epidemic, the company maintained its soundness.
The base of the battalion and the profit-making initiative, with a stable Māori rate of 22q4 (22 years q1, q2, q3 and substantial repairs to corporate profits, mainly as a result of: 1) the optimization of the structure of courier products (the preferential items were officially offline in July last year); 2) the speed of new business expansion, such as fast-moving and colliding losses.
(c) At the cost end, the results of streamlined resource planning and cost control were solid, with four networks accommodating cost savings of about $850 million in 2022; and (4) combined and aligned logistics performance since the fourth quarter of 21st year.
Capital spending has shrunk significantly, looking at the rapid increase in prescription repairs and the potential for development of the airport in Orzhou. “Shunny Holdings (002352.sz) – sustained improvement in operations, sustained upswing in three quarters.
In the medium-to-long term, the company's Oshi airport has a positive growth in the two-quarter profit ring.
Greater potential for development, the Air Transit Centre at Orzhou Airport is expected to be operational in the second half of this year: 1) " Sufficiency Holdings (002352.sz) - Quarterly profitability is robust and equity incentives are conducive to increased revenue from operations such as prescription express, express shipments, supply chains, etc. " ; 2) aviation network optimization
It will help to reduce the cost of air transport. “Sufficient Holdings (002352.sz) – Short-term effects of the epidemic are manageable, earning performance for a quarter” Investment proposals: a slight downscaling of profit forecasts and maintenance of the “buy-in” rating.
In the fourth quarter of 2022, the company had a stable operation, with net non-contributions largely equal to the same rate. In 2022, the company achieved a total revenue of 26,74.9 billion yuan (29.1 per cent increase in the same year), a net return to the mother of 6.17 billion yuan (44.6 per cent increase in the same year), a million yuan (4.2 per cent decrease in the same year) and a non-repatriation of 1.47 billion yuan ( 1.9 per cent decrease in the same year).
In the context of the impact of the domestic epidemic and fluctuations in international prices, the company’s performance in the fourth quarter has been robust. Figure 2: Business income and growth (in billions of dollars, per cent) of smooth stock holdings per single season.
Stable. Four quarters of smooth revenue has fallen to 4.2% on a year-on-year basis, mainly because Gary's logistics started at 2104 and its own revenue growth was negatively affected by international trade demand and price fluctuations. In the context of the fourth quarter's epidemic, companies maintained a sound operating tone and a profit-making initiative, MK 2204.
During the entire year 2022, the company ' s profitability was significantly restored, mainly as a result of: (a) the configuration of courier products to optimize (the preferential items were officially offline in July of last year); and (b) a significant slowdown in the expansion of new operations, such as fast-moving, colliding, and increased profitability (22 years of fast-moving operations and 22 years of large operations with the city).
(c) At the cost end, the results of streamlined resource planning and cost control were solid, with the four networks accommodating approximately $850 million in cost savings achieved in 2022; and (4) the performance of the Jali logistics consolidation since the fourth quarter of 21st year.
Figure 6: Sufficiency-controlled single-season Māori ratio and withholding of non-net interest rates Capital spending has contracted significantly, looking at the rapid increase in prescription repairs and the development potential of the airport in Ozhou. Corporate capital expenditure was $14.2 billion in 2022, a 26% decline in the same year, and the income share of capital expenditure has been reduced in favour of profitability.
In the medium-to-long term, the company's Orzhou airport has a significant potential for development, and the Aeronau airport trans-shipment centre is expected to be operational in the second half of this year.
Speed of increase in operating income; 2) aviation network optimization to help reduce air transport costs. Author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, is independent, objective, impartial and not subject to any third party ' s approval or influence; authors have not studied it in the past, now or in the future