The transport team q4 has a flat net profit and is expected to repair quickly after the epidemic. On 30 January, the Hondo Holdings issued a performance forecast for 2022.
The net gain was $6.05 billion- $6.25 billion, a 42-46 per cent increase over the same period, excluding the net return from the mother's profit.
2. Optimizing Operations, Achieving Significant Losses for New Operations - Reporting the Stock Exchanges, clear decline, mainly due to: (i) the impact of epidemic containment, the company ' s business volume in November was only 3 per cent higher than in November, a 6 per cent decline in single-ticket revenue, a 3 per cent decline in revenue from fast-moving logistics operations: (2)
3. A significant increase in reported performance during the epidemic - Accompanied by fluctuations in international trade demand and prices - q4 supply chain and international operations forecasted 197 performance points, 2022.7.15
Direct camp advantages are clear, and it is expected that post-epidemic repairs will be better than industry. Company operations are based on a direct camp model, services are more stable during the epidemic than allied couriers, and web sites are hit more than industry.
Small. With the liberalization of the anti-control policy in December 2022, the epidemic spreads everywhere, some workers are infected with a new crown, companies are more capable of responding to new coronary infections, thanks to the direct camp model, when the month is smooth, hymn, round, and express delivery operations are equal to +23.2 per cent, +18.5 per cent and +23.2 per cent, respectively.
+0.7%, +0.8%, and the volume of the company has grown in reverse. In the near future, with the easing of control measures for the epidemic, the recovery of consumption will boost the growth of the delivery volume, and the company’s business is expected to recover faster.
The core logistics strategy, which emphasizes long-term sustainable health development, has seen the new business decline from year to year, with a profit of $8.74 million from the 2022h1 branch and a loss of $580 million from the same period the previous year; and a loss of $144 million from the same branch with the same city and $407 million from the same period the previous year.
The volume is better matched, and as business grows, the scale effect will be released, the profit margin will have the risk of macroeconomic fluctuations, the risk of a significant increase in labour costs, and an increase in capacity utilization within one month, two months, and six months in three months.