On March 28, the HSBC released its annual report for 2022.
The q4 company achieved a healthy increase in its fast-moving logistics operations and a significant increase in its supply chain revenue.
1. Quantified Stock Holdings: q4 with a flat net profit and a prospect of rapid recovery after the epidemic, 202.31.31 billion yuan, an increase of 5.9 per cent over the same period, and the presence of the network in some parts of the country due to external factors.
2. In the context of the three-quarterly report ' s year-on-year performance, with significant cost optimization effects - a cutback in holdings - and the company ' s proactive adjustment of its product structure to reduce the volume of low-māori products, the volume of fast-moving logistics operations continued to grow by 5.5 to 1.07 billion votes, higher than the industry as a whole
3. Optimizing Operations, Achieving Significant Losses for New Operations - A Critical Review of Sufficiency Holdings, which increased at a rate of speed, thanks to the optimization of the product structure of the company, and increased the revenue from all fast-moving logistics operations by 0.4 per cent to $15.73. (2) Supply chain and international operations revenue of $87.9 billion.
Corporate profitability continues to improve and large businesses are losing ground. In 2022, companies continued to concentrate on core logistics, maintaining sustainable health development, income-side initiatives to optimize product structures, improving the quality of services and product competitiveness, cost-effective cost-control, and promoting multi-networking.
Leveraging, expanding the benefits of resource sharing, significant improvement in the company ' s Māori ratio of 0.1 pct to interest rate in 2022, and net interest rate increases of 1.95 pct to 0.1 per cent for the large segment, resulting in a reversal of the loss to gain, mainly due to the improved product structure, the upgrade of the air mass and the launch of the Fonka, one single.
In addition, net interest rates increased from 8.21 pc to 2.79 per cent for company-to-city segments and 0.6 pct to 2.2 per cent for supply chain and international segments.
The profit level is expected to remain healthy, allowing for further efficiency gains. In 2023, the company will continue to promote profit-making, continuously fine-tuning the cost structure of its products, adhering to capital-benefit planning and cost-control, and ensuring a healthy profit level.
(b) To integrate the planning and operation of networks for such operations as cold food transport, medicine logistics, new summers and Gary logistics, to maximize the value and scale of the entire logistics network, and to build multi-networked networks in transit, transport, and at the end of the chain.
Profit forecasting, valuation and rating Risk of macroeconomic fluctuations, risk of significant increases in labour costs, increased capacity utilization