South-West Securities Research and Development Centre (WSRDC) performance summary: companies achieved operating income of $1.65 billion in the first half of 2019, an increase of 18.6 per cent over the same period
In the first half of the year, the semiconductor equipment operation slowed and the Māori rate improved significantly.
The increase of $1.25 billion was 17.1 per cent over the first quarter, and the impact of the increased promotion of the main electronic components. The company sold 43.7 per cent in the first half of 2019, a sharp increase of 5 pct over the same year. The increase of 38.5 per cent for electronics equipment, an increase of 1.9 pct over the same year, was noted in the Mäori ratio for sub-operations.
The Māori rate for electronic components operations was 58.8 per cent, an increase of 14.1 pct over the same year. The stock and advance payments indicators were historically high, with high performance certainty throughout the year. By 19q2, the company ' s inventory was up for 10 consecutive quarters, with a stock of 19q2 of 3.74 billion, an increase of 730 million over 18q4.
Inventory is the most important component of the company’s inventory, and the stock consists mainly of electronic process equipment. For example, 1.58 billion of the company’s inventory of 3.02 billion at the end of 2018 is stocked, of which 1.28 billion are products that have been delivered for receipt and inspection, giving ample indications of the company’s high potential for order resale.
The overall atmosphere of the four main semiconductor tracks is high. 1 and 1 in the area of c: company etching machines, pvd, cvd, stand-up furnaces, cleaning machines, etc. semiconductor processors are entering the country in bulk into 8 inches and 12 inches of integrated circuits.
Storage of chips, logical chips and unique chip production lines, with some products entering the international top-of-the-art chip production line and first entering the sealed production line.
In the area of panels, the decline in the price of panels + the increase in the cost-free electron penetration rate, and China’s flats indicate that the industry is expected to continue to expand. Given the company’s high profile of the semiconductor equipment industry and its high profile, the company’s growth in the semiconductor equipment industry is expected to continue.
Risks, the risk of failing to achieve the desired benefits from fund-raising investment projects, the management of the growing size of the company 2. North China Cream (002371), risk management for high growth, the risk of technological upgrading of semiconductor equipment, and the risk of cyclical fluctuations in the equipment industry.
Volkswagen North (002371): Keeps high growth, industry continues to outperform (2019-04-25).
Semiconductor, full-scale comparative analysis (2019-03-31), Nord-Hung Kong (002371); first, semiconductor equipment, for example, North-Hung Kong.
2019-03-14) No direct or indirect compensation will not be obtained for, or for, specific recommendations or views in this report, and Southwest Securities Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “MSC”) has the qualifications of the securities investment advisory business approved by the CMS.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.