In the North, with ample hand orders, the next half year's performance is expected to pick up at a rate of $128 million, an increase of 7.9 per cent over the same period, and an increase in performance from 2017-2018 and 1q2019.
By contrast, business income and profit growth slowed in the second quarter of this year. But data from the company’s stock of goods at the end of the first quarter, hand orders in hand, and the winning bid since this year show that the company’s hand orders at the end of the second quarter were abundant, and the first half of the year’s performance slowed temporarily, mainly because the pace of delivery affected revenue recognition.
According to the company's announcement, at the end of 2017/2018, the interest rate for electronics was calculated to calculate the value of these stocks for over $2 billion, compared to the amount of electricity in the first half of the year.
Sub-process equipment recognizes only $1.247 billion in revenue, and a significant number of hand orders have not yet been delivered or are still in possession. The second half of the year will be at a peak in revenue recognition.
The construction of the domestic production line may be affected by this. According to Dramexchange and others, the first equipment was moved to the site of the 8-inch production line construction project at Yantung Wei on 25th of June; on 6th of June, the first 12-inch production line at Huayung Seven was successfully moved.
In the third and fourth quarters of this year, delivery and revenue recognition will continue to be concentrated. The new orders for integrated circuit equipment are optimistic. From the data we have on three representative crystallines, the number of bids awarded for process equipment in the North was more than all of January-May of this year.
In the case of equipment such as ready, pvd, thermal treatment, there is a higher number of bids for equipment, leading to the national production of integrated circuits equipment. Attention is paid to the domestic production of film and corrosion equipment.
The company is still in the process of authenticating or developing new products. The company’s etching equipment has broken through the silicon sink, but the silicon base etching process, which is at the core of the silicon fence etching, deep ditch etching, is still absolutely monopolistic.
Taking into account the impact of the semiconductor industry climate fluctuations on the expansion of domestic and foreign crystallized mills, using market prices as a criterion on July 17, 2019, we are going to make less progress on corporate R & D than expected, and downstream customers are going to expand as expected.
Bank of China International Securities Inc. is qualified for securities investment consulting business.