The growth in inventory and advance payments is significant.
For major products, large integrated high-tech companies that combine research and development, production, marketing and services are growing steadily in electronic process equipment and electronic components.
2019-8-22 Limited circulation of shares Shows construction of production lines and demand for high-precision components, 1.250 billion revenue from electronics equipment operations, 17.13 per cent increase from year to year, $400 million increase from year to year
22.49%. The core of the company's electronics equipment, etc., etching machines, sediment equipment, cleaning equipment, etc., are now entering the country in bulk into 8 inches and 12 inches of integrated circuit storage chips, logical chips and unique chip production lines, with some products entering the international first-class chip production line and advanced envelope production line.
Pool process equipment and single-crystal stoves were influenced by the industry’s upswing, which led to significant growth. In addition, the pan-conductor applications and vacuum thermal treatments were steadily growing.
The net interest rate for sales is 9.44%, which is largely stable. For sub-products, the Māori rate for electronics equipment is that the company maintains a high degree of competitiveness in the field of electronic components, where high-precision electronic devices such as crystals, microwaves and hybrid integrated circuits are widely applied to precision instrument instruments, automatics, etc.
In the area of control, these components are capable of sustained stability at the high end, in the new generation of communications, and are at an all-time high, signalling that the company has sufficient hand orders and a guaranteed year-round performance. After years of market grinding, the company has formed 28 centimeters in the core semiconductor integrated circuit equipment.
The supply capacity of rice equipment, 14 nanometers of process equipment are also in the process of certification of customers, production lines have been booming in the country in recent years, most of the newly planned crystallized mills are located in mainland China, with investments totalling over $100 billion, solid technology accumulation by domestic equipment manufacturers and access to the main market niches.
It will gradually acquire more opportunities for equipment imports, thereby accelerating equipment rotation, promoting process improvement in the equipment enterprise, and ultimately increasing the value of the entire semiconductor equipment chain. and 37x. Maintain a “strongly recommended” rating.
Source of financial and intellectual growth in the East, Volkswagen North (002371): steady growth in income, significant growth in inventory and pre-receivables
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the report of East Hing Securities.
No matter what part of my salary has not been, is not, will not be, nor will it be, specifically recommended or recommended in this report.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information, nor of the information and advice it contains.
Any changes. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only. The information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make available securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies.