The income from semiconductor equipment in the North has increased, and the rate of business and profit growth has slowed in the second quarter of the year for newcomers to integrated circuit equipment.
And the winning data since this year show that companies had ample hand orders at the end of the second quarter, and that the first half of the year saw a temporary slowdown in performance, mainly because the pace of delivery affected revenue recognition. In terms of equipment entering the country’s crystalline and production plans, North China’s growth is expected to accelerate the pace of revenue recognition in the second half of this year, and the pace of performance is expected to pick up.
In the first half of the year, the income from semiconductor equipment (including integrated circuits, led, photovoltaic and panel process equipment) increased by 25 per cent. Electronic process equipment (including semiconductor equipment and vacuum furnaces, etc.) increased by 1,247 million yuan, a mere 17 per cent, mainly as a result of a fall of 240 million yuan on average in vacuum furnaces and lithium equipment.
And semiconductor equipment yields a 25% increase. If we don’t take into account the impact of the led industry’s climate on the led’s equipment orders and revenues, we estimate that the company’s integrated circuitworks and photovoltaics increased faster in the first half of the year.
(a) Semiconductor equipment in hand orders is abundant and stock is re-innovated. According to the company announcement, at the end of the quarter of 2019, the company was on hand orders of $3.44 billion, of which the electronic process equipment was on hand orders of $3.19 billion;
The median stock of commodities was 1.970 billion yuan, an increase of about $400 million from the beginning of the year; the product was 813 million yuan, an increase of 270 million yuan from the beginning of the year. On the basis of data from the last three years, electronic process equipment is estimated to be about 95% of the company’s stock, while electronic process equipment is dominated by semiconductor equipment.
In the second half of the year, there will be a peak in the delivery and revenue recognition of the integrated circuit process equipment. The global semiconductor industry is in the middle of this year at a low level of industry and possible funding problems, the domestic portion of the crystal circle, the upper roof of the Japanese upper-sea tower semiconductor building, which aims to move the equipment in by the end of the year, and Yandong on June 25th.
The first installation ceremony was held at the site of the 8-inch production line construction project; on 6 June, the first light engraved machines of the 12-inch production line of the 7-year-old China Rainbow Plant successfully moved in, indicating that the year was the peak in the delivery of integrated circuit process equipment in the third and fourth quarters of the year.
The standard market price of 15 August 2019 was estimated to be 79,445 times the corresponding value, but the company's overall deployment of integrated circuit process equipment and its rapid pace of progress in research and development were not as good as expected, and downstream clients were not expanding as expected.
Bank of China International Securities Inc. is qualified for securities investment consulting business.