A slightly lower than expected performance, with a fixed increase of 2 billion to contribute to future development Sub-products: 1,247 million, or +17.13 per cent, of electronics equipment; electronic components received; electronics equipment (semiconductor, vacuum and lithium) increased as a result of the increase in the receipt of electrical equipment.
So, the company's cutting machines, pvd, cvd, stand-up furnaces, scrubbers, etc. semiconductor processors are entering the country's 8 inches and 12 inches of integrated circuit chip production line, part of the equipment is entering the international top-of-the-art core production line and the advanced envelope production line; and, as a result of the increased landscape of the photovoltaic industry, the company's light voltage is driven.
Battery process equipment and monocrystal operations have grown, with rapid growth in electronic components (high-precision electronic components such as resists, capacitors, transistors) as a result of rising downstream demand and increased promotion of new products.
The significant decrease in the corporate non-mortality net profit ratio was due to a non-recurring loss in the first half of 2019  and an increase in the cost rate over the period +4.99 pc + 43.66% of the total Māori ratio for the 2019h1 company + 4.99 pt, of which the electronic components were Māori
Rate increase of 14.11 pct; roe (weighted) of 3.57 per cent, a small increase in the same year +0.04 pct; net gain + 0.93 pct, mainly due to excessive interest growth due to loans and exchange loss due to exchange rate fluctuations.
Net cash flows from operating activities in the first half of 2019, $477 million, compared with $1 billion in the first half of 2018, an increase of 7.8 per cent; inventory of 3,744 million, an increase of 57.6 per cent over the same period, both indicators are innovative, indicating that the number of orders being executed by companies is increasing, and we expect to follow up with the collection of hand orders.
In addition, the construction-in-progress at the end of h1 was $9.456 million, compared with +94% at the beginning of the year, and was directed mainly to the "high-precision electrical sub-mechanical infrastructure expansion project" and "high-end integrated circuit equipment development and industrialization project."
On July 6, 2019, the Great National Fund announced that it would revise the proposed increase to a total of not more than 2 billion yuan in equity fund-raising, of which the National Integrated Circuit Fund was recognized.
The purchase of 910 million yuan, the purchase of electricity in Beijing, about 590 million yuan, and the purchase of 500 million yuan from the Kyoto National Fund. A large scale increase will help companies to develop and layout their future activities in the field of semiconductor equipment. The project is mainly for plasma etching (etch), physical gas deposition (pvd), chemical gas deposition.
1. The production and manufacture of core components such as semiconductor equipment, such as cvd, oxidation/dissemination, cleaning, de-fired, and gas quality flow control units, will be further achieved on the basis of 28 nanometres of equipment.
The development of the domestic semiconductor industry, the industrialization of semiconductor equipment, and the development of key technology for 5/7 nanoequipment.
The increase in the domestic production rate of the future semiconductor industrial chain is an inevitable trend, with North China creating a domestic etching + membrane deposition equipment flagship, which will benefit significantly from the domestic semiconductor national production wave, which has been expanded to 2, North China (002371);
Investment in production projects will ensure that equipment capacity meets the demand for order growth.
High levels of innovation in accounts, growth in the development of domestically produced equipment, slightly lower than expected, with a significant reduction in the net profit from non-mono-sovereignity by product sub-product, with the main electronics equipment battalion earning 1,247 million yuan, compared with 17.13 per cent and 75 per cent.
The increase in the collection of electronic process equipment (semiconductor equipment, vacuum equipment and lithium electrical equipment) is due to the gradual bulk entry of the company-engineer, pvd, cvd, stand-up furnace, cleaning machine, etc. semiconductor equipment into the country, 8 inches and 12 inches.
The industry has increased its climate, leading to the growth of the company’s photovoltaic battery process equipment and monocrystal operations. The reason for the rapid growth of electronic components (resistance, capacitors, transistors, etc.) is that the subsidiary, North China, has created microelectronics (panel semiconductor equipment, including photovoltaics and integrated circuits) with an operating income of $1.01 billion, with a net profit of 0.49.
Increased demand for tourism and increased promotion of new products. Improved profitability, with an increase in the cost of the period 43.66 per cent of corporate total Māori in the first half of 2019, compared to +4.99pt, with an increase in the Māori ratio of electronic components
Interest has increased too fast and exchange losses have resulted from exchange rate fluctuations, a decline in operating cash flows, a high level of pre-collected accounts and inventory innovations, a net cash flow of $477 million from operating activities in the first half of 2019 and $32.75 million in the first half of 2018,
Cash flows are not ideal. At the end of 2019h1, the company prepaid $1,666 million, an increase of 7.8 per cent over the same period; inventories, 37.44 billion, an increase of 57.6 per cent over the same period, with both indicators being innovative, indicating that the number of orders being executed by the company is increasing over time, and we expect that the revenue recognition of subsequent hand-held orders will lay the foundation for a good growth in company performance in the future.
In addition, construction work in progress at the end of h1 was $9.456 million, compared with +94 per cent at the beginning of the year, and was directed mainly to the project "Extension of high-precision electronic components production at industrial bases" and the project "Development and industrialization of high-end integrated circuit equipment".
On 6 July 2019, the North Chinese Corporation issued an announcement stating that it was to revise the proposed increase to raise the total amount of funds for the non-public distribution of stocks, which was not expected to exceed 2 billion yuan. Of that amount, the National Integrated Circuit Fund was to purchase 910 million yuan in R & D and layout in the area of electricity control semiconductor equipment in Beijing, which was used mainly for plasma etching (etch), physical gas deposition (pvd),
The production of core components, such as semiconductor equipment, such as chemical phase deposition (cvd), oxidation/dissemination, cleaning, de-fired, and gas quality flow controllers, will further industrialize 14 nm equipment on the basis of 28 nm equipment, as well as develop key technologies for 5/7 nm equipment.
The increase in the domestic production rate of the future semiconductor industrial chain is an inevitable trend, with North China creating domestic corrosion + membrane sedimentation equipment, leading companies that will benefit significantly in the future from the domestic wave of semiconductor national production, with investment in new expansion projects that will ensure equipment production capacity, a decline in the temperature of the semiconductor equipment industry and intense competition in the industry, and less than expected progress in R & D.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board