Welle shares (603501.ch): 1h23 performance forecast to fully release the first six months of performance pressure, second half of the year Basic and valuation resonance upwards
Restatement of the “buy-in” rating of Weir shares: The first half performance forecast based on Weir shares, mainly as a result of the company’s significant price reduction for old cis products, has led to a decline in the Māori rate. We believe that the profit forecast has fully released the risk of fluctuations in demand for end-products in the first half of the year.
In the second half of the year, end demand for smart phones, new energy vehicles, etc. is recovering and growing. At the same time, the company’s Cis new product is expected to capture market shares, pushing for a significant improvement in the base-ring ratio.
So, in conjunction with the company's basics and valuation, we re-evaluate the "buy-in" rating of Schenwell's shares. • Mobile phone image sensor operations are expected to improve significantly: through the crystals of power generation to middle core international
The round-scale factory switch, and the new Wier shares of 50d, 50h, etc., are expected to take their share of 3,000-4,000-bit mobile phones. This is one of the fundamental driving forces of the second half of the year, and will continue to boost the company’s revenue and profits growth in 2024.
• Image sensors such as new energy vehicles, medical, machine visuals and new products are growing at a high rate: in 2022, three fast-growing plates of auto electrons, medical, emerging market/material networks already accounted for nearly 40% of corporate image sensor operations.
• Valuation: we use dcf valuation to value Weir shares. We use 2.6% • investment risk: demand for consumer electronics, such as smart phones, has recovered less than expected.
Industry and company chips go to stock less quickly than expected. The growth of the domestic or overseas new energy vehicle industry is less than expected. Industry competition is increasing again, and players are losing their profits.
Pil Jin International Weir shares medium-term performance outlook for 2023 The Weir shares issue a medium-term performance forecast stating that they are adversely affected by the global economic environment, industry cycles, etc.
Impact, low performance of consumer e-markets represented by mobile phones, less demand for end markets than expected, price pressure on product sales, and performance of companies in the first half of 2023, including collection and Māori rates, compared to Pyo Ying International
To reflect the firm’s sharp price reduction for 64mp cis products in the first half of the year, smartphones, new energy vehicles, and profit projections, to reflect the expansion of revenue driven by the delivery of new products.
We're using the dcf (discovered cashflow method) valuation method for Wel's share of Silver and Silver International, Pilgrim and Silver International.
Prospective and pessimistic scenarios: corporate revenue growth is better than expected.
Pessimistic scenario: The global smartphone demand recovery is higher than expected than corporate income growth is expected: the global smartphone demand recovery is lower than expected;
(a) The continued rapid growth of non-cellular operations, particularly in the automotive electronics industry;
Corporate conversion is moving faster than expected, with cost advantages leading to lower than expected stocking of semiconductor chips, resulting in continued price reductions, increased competition and a drag on Māori performance.
The company’s market position has steadily increased, its share has gradually expanded, and the volume of new products has fallen short of expectations. The largest supplier of Andre mobile phones in the country has been ahead of expectations.
By accepting this report (including any relevant annexes), the recipient of this report states and guarantees that he is entitled to this report under the following conditions and agrees to be bound by the restrictions contained therein. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the law.
This report has been prepared by the Cards Group-Phi Jin International Securities Co. Ltd. (collectively known as “Phi Jin International Securities”) which engages in regulated activities under the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Hong Kong Act) in the first category (Systems Trading) and the fourth category (Providing Comments on Securities).
No one may use any of the information contained in this report for other purposes. This report is prepared solely for the purpose of providing information. It shall not be interpreted as an invitation or offer to purchase or sell any securities or related financial instruments. Your Excellency shall not interpret the contents of this report as an opinion or recommendation on legal, tax, accounting or investment matters.
This report does not contain all the information that the company may require, and you should not merely base your investment, withdrawal or any other financial decision or action on the information contained in this report. This report may contain forward-looking statements involving a variety of risks and uncertainties, in addition to a description of historical data.
These forward-looking statements can be based on assumptions that are limited to significant risks and uncertainties. The views, recommendations, recommendations and opinions in this report do not necessarily reflect Poo-Sil-Sil-Sil-Sil-Seong’s position on international securities. Poo-Sil-Sil-Seong International Holdings Ltd. and its affiliates, Associated Public Divisions (collectively “Pu-Sil-Sil-Silver International”) and/or its directors and/or employees may hold securities that are described or related to the companies in this report, and may be bought or sold from time to time.
There is no law under which Pulse International or any of its directors and/or employees may incur any loss to an investor arising from the use of the information contained in this report or from reliance on it. ]