Weir stock (603501) E-performance short-term pressure, and new product release is expected to lead to a recovery in performance
• Impacted by low downstream demand and short-term pressure on company performance. 1) From the receiving end, the company q2 quarter showed, from the cost end, that the cost rate for the period of 23H1 was higher than during the same period of the previous year, with sales/management/research of consumer electronic image sensors operating better than the business ring and vehicle operations continuing to grow.
Sensor operations generated approximately 2.73 billion yuan, ring + 23.8 per cent; pen image sensors generated about 240 million yuan, ring + 8.3 per cent. The company continued to develop product overlaps and new products, launching high-level pixels such as ov50h and ov50e during the reporting period, and mobile phone-related revenues as over 50 million new pixels were delivered in 23q3 volumes.
It is expected that there will be steady growth, with product optimization expected to lead to higher product value and profitability. 23h1 Motor Image Sensor operations generated approximately $1.9 billion, or +18.9 per cent, during the reporting period, the company launched two full-scale speed portal sensors, with a pixel size of only 2.2 micrometers, for driver control and crew surveillance systems.
Many new designs are imported, and the company's car-cis business is expected to continue to grow in size, its share is expected to increase rapidly, its touchbacks and displays are significantly warming, and the simulation of product lines are being expanded further. Showing the driving chip market scenario, the atmosphere bounces back, and 23H1 company-related revenues are about $660 million, down by 44.4 per cent, a significant increase in the ring.
The company completed its acquisition of Cricket during the reporting period and further expanded the simulation of the solution product line, which was designed by a small number of domestic chip companies that also owned the can/lin transceiver chip, and whose products were car-cis.
Provision of more systematic solutions and continuous expansion of support to the automobile and industrial markets. Reaching the expected risk: new products do not advance the expected risk.
The company was established in 2007 and successfully placed on the market in 2017. The company is mainly involved in the development and development of semiconductor products, such as semiconductor separation devices and power management, and in the distribution of semiconductor products, such as structural instruments, separation devices, and ic.
• In 2016, the company established the Shanghai Rock, Shanghai Sakazu and Wezumi, which further enriched the product lines; and in 2019, the company took over.
The purchase of Howie and Spico was successfully deployed in the field of Ciss; in 2020, companies acquired the Asia tddi business of neotech and, in the same year, the acquisition of gramogram light power successfully entered the field of dynamic visual sensors.
At present, the company has developed three operational systems of image sensor solutions, touch and display solutions and simulation solutions, with products widely used in the areas of consumer electronics, security, automobiles, medical treatment, xr. 1) image sensors: the company continues to develop product overlaps and new products, constantly improving image sensor performance and enriching its functionality.
Continuous roll-out of high-level pixels of different pixel sizes, such as ov50h, ov50e, ov02e, etc.. In the area of automobiles, the Department has covered applications such as adas, internal controls in the cab, electronic rearviews, dashboards, cameras, rear view and panorama images, the combination algorithms developed by the company, and the separation of pixelslfm technology matching.
Technology such as four-way capture can provide higher-quality image solutions for vehicle-borne applications. 2) Touch and display: company-specific contact controls and display solutions with attractive features such as super narrow borders, high screen ratios, and low power consumption. The company has achieved full product coverage in the field of tddi, from hd720p to fhd1080p.
The frame rate changes range from 60hz, 90hz, 120hz to 144hz, and the contact point ratio supports 120hz to 240hz. In addition, the company has developed a series of display-driven chips focused on smartphones.
3) Simulation solutions: Simulation products developed by the company include mainly power management ic, led backlight drives and simulation switches, as well as separate semiconductors. The current mix of consumer electronics and product networks has been covered as integrated components to help manage battery chargers, dc-dc conversions, electrical compressions, etc. 23h1 completes cores.
Litt's acquisition led Cricket to the launch of the 5v/3.3vcan/canfd bus interface series, the lin bus interface series, which is a small domestic chip design company with a can/lin transceiver chip, and the acquisition of Cricket will help Cricket further expand the product lines of the simulation solution.
Corporate equity is concentrated, with most of the top 10 shareholders predominantly institutional. The semi-annual report of 2023 shows that the company’s first shareholder is Dong, who is responsible for the company’s chief executive and directly holds about 30.25% of the shares, while the second largest shareholder is Hong Kong Central Clearing House Limited, which holds 9.93% of the shares. In terms of the overall equity structure, the top 10 shareholders of the company are institutions, with the exception of the company’s top ten shareholders.
Performance as a whole is robustly growing, subject to short-term pressure from weak downstream demand. Looking back at companies’ past performance: 1) slide 77.9%, mainly because higher stocks in the semiconductor sector lead to high price competition and lower unit prices for product sales.
The company’s main business consists of semiconductor design operations, semiconductor distribution operations. Of these, semiconductor design operations include image sensor solutions, contact and display solutions, and simulation solutions. According to the collection structure, the company’s semiconductor design business earned approximately $7.39 billion in the first half of 2023, a decrease of 18.8 per cent in the same year, representing a share of total revenue.
Of this, mobile phone image sensor operations generated revenues of approximately $2.73 billion, a 14.6 per cent decline in the same year and 23.8 per cent increase in the ring; and pen electric charts, in addition, corporate semiconductor distribution operations achieved revenues of $1.44 billion, a 25.2 per cent decline in the same year.
Inputs, semiconductor design and development investments amounted to $3.22 billion, an increase of 22.8 per cent over the same period, with a sales rate of 2.3 per cent for H1 in 2023, a decrease of 0.1 per cent for the same year; management costs of 3.4 per cent, an increase of 0.14 per cent for the same year; and research and development costs of 10.6 per cent, assuming that: an image sensor solution.
Model encapsulation, lcos, asic, etc., with the cos image sensor taking the lead. Cmos image sensor downstream applications are mainly mobile phones, automobiles, security, medical. As 23H2 mobile phones and new car items are gradually released, consumer electronics are needed, border improvement and inventory de-diversion are further advanced, we expect an order for company 23H2 mobile phone image sensor solution operations.
The volume ring ratio is expected to increase by 20-30%, and the number of orders for automobile image sensors is expected to increase by more than 20%. We expect the price of the business plate products to return to normal levels, and the Maori rate to recover and gradually rise to normal levels, assuming that 2: Touch control and display solutions. The business panel consists mainly of tddi and ddic, among others, downstream applications.
In terms of the industry, the market climate in the driver chip area is showing a downward rebound, with 23h1 doing more than 133% of the income ring. We believe that, as historical stocks de-emerge, the price of the product is under pressure as scenario 3: simulation solutions. The business plate consists mainly of tvs, moss, Shortki, poweric, radio frequency and others.
Microsensors, among others, tvs, are relatively high. Corporate analogue solution revenues are relatively small, at about 6%. 23h1 completes the acquisition of cylict, further expands product lines as the acquisition companies move towards integration, synergy, and, in the long run, is expected to expand. In the short and medium term, we believe that the business will progress steadily.
Assumption 4: semiconductor distribution. The business is related to industry. The company’s distribution power is strong and stable with upstream sorghum, South Asia, Matsumoto, etc. We believe that, as the semiconductor’s next winding cycle approaches, the company’s distribution business is expected to warm up gradually and the product prices may have recovered. We expect the business to be stable in the company’s business structure in 2023-2025.
A consistent average of about 53 times the average number of pes is expected. The prominent leader position in the area of cis, the downstream demand in 23h1 and 2024 or the expected gradual warming, with competition in the cellular and car sis industries increasing the risk; downstream demand is not warming up to the expected risk; inventory decomposition is not proceeding as quickly as expected; and new products are at risk.
No compensation of any kind has been obtained either directly or indirectly as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.