Widely issued securities (000776). Performance in the first three branches of the industry is expected to yield a higher return on investment, capital management advantage. Performance declines are mainly due to brokering, followed by self-employment. $8 billion less than last year, with revenue from brokerage fees falling by $8.3 billion, the same as last year.
Reductions in transaction fees and core factors have resulted in a decline of nearly 50% in the volume of trade in the industry market; diversification of the equity balance; a clear advantage of the management mechanism; and a performance industry ranking of Top3. The company has no shareholders and actual controllers, and the three major shareholders have been Gilling Otun and Liao for 17 years.
Total equity/flow (million shares) Public interest (both listed companies) in Chengjiang and Nakayama, which currently hold 16.76% shares, provides solid security for good governance structures. Based on this equity structure, companies are positioned to focus.
China’s high-quality small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) and wealthy people, with their industry’s leading innovation skills, have a comprehensive capital market. Wide-share securities (00776): excellent integrated service providers. As the national economy develops, private enterprises rise, private wealth grows, and private wealth grows.
In 2016, corporate revenue and net profits all entered the pre-industry industry, leading the launch of a robotic investment advisory system, with companies having an Internet financial advantage.
The company has pioneered a robotic investment advisory system and applied for six patents. The Department has been one of the only pioneers in the past three years of Internet finance change, with a stronger Internet gene.
Investment recommendations: The combined strength resulting from the advantages of corporate governance mechanisms is constantly increasing, investing and managing operations are growing rapidly and account for a relatively high share of the company's income structure, giving a wide margin of return net profit of 39 per cent, mainly due to self-employment and brokering
In 2016, the company ' s net return to its mother ' s profit fell by 8 billion yuan, or 39 per cent in comparison with the previous year, and performed relatively well in the industry: according to monthly operating data, in 2016, the total income of our securities industry was 328 billion yuan, a 43 per cent decline in comparison with the previous year; in 2016, the net profit was 123.4 billion yuan, the main reason for the decline in performance was brokering and, to a lesser extent, self-employment.
At the beginning and end of the year, the market fluctuated unexpectedly, with factors related to the changing market environment and the operation of investments throughout the year. In terms of income structure, the revenue from brokerage fees was 26 per cent, the lowest in the last seven years; net interest income was 3.51 per cent, and securities were widely distributed (000776).
The three major shareholders have been in the public domain (both listed companies) for the years to come, with a current shareholding ratio of 16.76 per cent, 16.42 per cent and 10.33 per cent, respectively, and this continuously balanced and diversified equity structure provides a good governance structure for the company.
Based on this equity structure, firms are positioned to focus on high-quality small and medium-sized enterprises in China, as well as wealthy people, with industry-led and innovative capital market integrated service providers. As the national economy develops, private firms rise, private wealth increases, and the voucher benefits from this strategic positioning.
The number of mobile security users is nearly 10 million, the number of users of the micro-finance platform is nearly 3 million, the number of customers of the gold key system is over 2.3 million, and the sales and transfers of gold-picker platform financial products amounting to $72.4 billion during the reporting period; in addition, companies were able to access the web-based micro-mail h5 page system in 2016 to integrate the functions of various Internet finance platforms.
The company has pioneered the introduction of a robotic investment advisory system with Internet financial advantages. The company has pioneered the introduction of a robotic investment advisory system to meet the diverse needs of small and medium-sized investors for wealth management and has applied for six patents (inventive patent two, actual patent three, software copyright one), and has acquired one functional patent and one software copyright.
With the rise of financial science and technology, companies pre-empted, and were in the business front with financial science and technology, they achieved an operating income of $2.738 billion, an increase of 32.55 per cent over the previous year. Equity financing was significantly increased by an increase in the size of the industry.
For reasons such as reform of distribution mechanisms, expansion of subject matter, and improved audit efficiency, firm bonds continued to expand significantly in 2015, with market-wide bond issues reaching 2.779724 billion yuan in 2016.
The combined strength resulting from the advantages of corporate governance mechanisms has been increasing, with investment and management growing rapidly and at 15 times the value of company income in 2017.
In the future, the company's combined competitiveness (000776: performance in the top three of the industry, investment and management advantages are expected to increase the company's combined competitiveness in the future.
“New wealth” Affluence number one in 2015: “New wealth” Affordable asset number three in 2011: “New wealth” Affordable asset number two in 2012: “New money”
In 2016, “New Wealth” was added to the Pacific Securities. Covering the Bank, it is good in the area of portfolio segmentation. Since this year, about 14 per cent of the proceeds have been generated per market portfolio, located in the platform's non-gold, Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified for portfolio investment consulting, operating securities licence No. 13480,000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.