Cobalt industry (603799.sh) Non-ferrous/relative metals
(c) The company has established its own mining, local trading systems and direct procurement by large traders of the three primary mineral supply systems, and the supply of upstream resources is effectively secured.
Project Pe527 started construction early this year, with a projected metal cobalt reserve of 554 million tons in the first half of next year, and with the ongoing technological transformation of Mikas, we expect the company to own a metal cobalt reserve of 10 million Australian dollars for copper cobalt exploration, acquisition, development and operation in the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Nzc14.76% of the shares became the second largest shareholder of the company. Further consolidation of upstream resources.
The main demand for cobalt comes from power cells and 3c. In power cells, the replacement of lithium phosphate batteries is accelerating, and the ratio of three-dollar batteries from the battery plant ' s commercial loading machine has reached 74.63 per cent, which will be the biggest growth point in pulling cobalt consumption in the future as the new energy automobile industry flourishes; and in area 3c.
It is the area with the largest applications of lithium cobaltate, with 3c comprising mainly smartphones, laptops, panels, etc., which have declined in speed, but the increase in battery capacity can drive the demand for cobalt. On the supply side, the supply increase is extremely limited because the supply of cobalt is passive.
The company’s 20,000-ton pre-triaded production line of 6,000-ton has been put into production operations, phase two has completed construction at the end of last year, has entered the pilot phase, and some high-end pre-triad drive products are now sold in bulk and are expected to become a new profit growth point for the company.
More than 523, 622, 811 models, some of which have already been produced in volume, have been certified into world-renowned brands and Tesla storage chains through lgc, astrotechnics, stockholdings, etc. Upstream resource recovery and lithium resources in layouts:
The company announced the purchase of 100 per cent of B.A.B.C. shares through its subsidiary, H.A.Y.C.I.R. Ltd., for approximately $18,432.6 million, the acquisition of B.C.T.A., and the acquisition of B.B.B.T. into the “Lithium Waste Batteries Dismantling - Positive Material Rebuilding” process to create a resource recovery pipeline.
The company is currently engaged in a transformation and upgrading of the Lithium New Energy Materials industry, with $13.2 million in August this year for an additional 186 million shares from the Australian company avz, representing 11.2 per cent of the total equity of the company after the completion of this increase, avz having 60 per cent of the Congolese manono project, manono.
The project is a right-to-exploration project with a potential to find minerals from lithium resources.
1.1. Focusing on the cobalt industry for 15 years, the China-Yo-Yo Cobalt Industry Co. Ltd. of Zhejiang was established in 2002 as a high-technology enterprise focusing on the deep processing of new cobalt materials for cobalt, copper, nickel and non-ferrous metal mining, selection and smelting.
Cobalt products are the company’s core business, covering essentially the type of demand for all cobalt products.
Products such as electrolytic nickel. After more than a decade of development, the creation of a spatial layout of its headquarters in Kiryu, resource security in Africa, building its base in the states, and the global market. The production of vertically integrated products supported by its own mineral resources, cobalt-based new materials, copper, nickel products, extraction, selection, smelting, and new materials are deeply integrated.
(1) Visible industry: The company is currently the largest producer of cobalt products in China, and the scale of production is among the highest in the world. The company has established a marketing network covering both domestic and foreign markets, established a stable partnership with the major downstream customers in the industry, and ensured it.
Cobalt raw materials purchased directly by the company from the Democratic Republic of the Congo (i.e. the purchase price plus the associated cost of additional labour, water, freight, etc., at domestic cost) are lower than the domestic direct cost of international mining companies or trade
Prices of cobalt-based raw materials procured by easy commerce averaged 28.4 million yuan/tonne in 2011-2013, with a significant (3) technical advantage: 53 authorized patents are currently obtained by companies.
The trio-material pre-drill has been certified by high-end international customers and supplied in bulk to a number of companies. The company’s technological processes for the production of its main products are at a national level, with clear advantages in the production and development of copper-cobalt combined smelting, high-purity cobalt salt production, cobalt-based positive battery material pre-drivers.
(4) Lead resource layout: Development of company-controlled mineral resources has progressed in an orderly manner, the subsidiary cdm has completed its pre-development work on the Democratic Republic of the Congo Pe527 mining rights project, which is currently under intensive construction and will be implemented at the expense of the company
In addition, cdm has further enhanced the production capacity of coarse cobalt hydroxide through technological adaptations, creating conditions for better utilization of the rich local cobalt-copper mineral resources, effectively reducing the cost of transportation of raw materials and increasing economic efficiency.
The year has seen more than a six-fold leap, and we believe that the company’s future planning blueprint is clear, that the future market space is huge, and that it is expected to continue to grow at a high rate in recent years, becoming a global leader in the cobalt industry.
Figure 1: Corporate income data. In the first half of 2017, companies firmly pursued their “13th Five” development strategy, adhering to the path of “upward control of capital, down-market, middle-capacity” transformation and upgrading, with business performance reversed over the same period last year.
And there was a significant increase in operating income of $378,847,777, representing an increase of 74.92 per cent over the same period; in the first half of 2017, the total sales of various types of cobalt products by companies amounted to more than 19,000 tons (8930 tons of metal equivalents, an increase of 47 per cent over the same period of the previous year). Prior to 2017, the company ' s product structure was dominated by cobalt tetraoxide.
The share is that cobalt trioxide is used mainly as a positive orthodoxy material for cobalt-acid acid, while cobalt sulphate is used mainly for the production of lithium ion batteries in the three-dimensional material. As large battery manufacturers continue to expand the capacity of three-dollar batteries, companies adapt to the form of product restructuring and thus the demand for rapid downstream growth.
Māori is expected to upgrade further as soon as the mine comes into operation The company has established its own mine, local trading system, and a three-tier system of direct purchases (e.g., caricatures) by traders, which effectively secures the supply of upstream resources. The company Pe527 project was launched early this year.
The cost of owning ore is significantly lower than the cost of the ore currently purchased by the company, and the company's Māori ratio for cobalt products is expected to be announced for purchase in the Democratic Republic of the Congo at $A 10 million (approximately RMB 5.06 million) in the first half of next year.
Ten thousand shares (including shares and tradables), accounting for 14.76% of Nzc’s total equity since its issuance, became the company Nzc’s 85% interest in the Democratic Republic of the Congo kalongweminingsa (kalongwe) and kalongwe’s possession of mining rights in the respective kalongwe mining area.
The Qalongwe project feasibility study, with an initial ore reserve of 6.98mt, a copper grade of 3.03%, a cobalt grade of 0.36%, a copper resource of 211,494 tonnes, and a cobalt resource of 25,128 tonnes, is an arrangement made by the company in line with its medium- and long-term development strategy.
The inter-development strategic plan identifies the lithium electricity and new energy materials industry as the core business of the priority development, and insists on the path to a transformational upgrading of “up-and-up-up-up capital, down-to-market, up-to-up capacity.” The company will further increase its investment in Africa's resource development strategy, enhance upstream resource layout, enhance the pool of resources needed for new lithium energy materials, and create a new lithium power supply.
Developments in energy materials provide a reliable resource guarantee. This trade is in line with corporate development strategies, and it is conducive for companies to further increase their resource reserves and further enhance their profitability and sustainable development capabilities.2 Cobalt resources are tight, and future prices are expected to rise substantially.
The main demand for cobalt comes from power cells and 3c. In the field of power cells, the trio material, which is currently the most cost-effective power cell material, is accelerating the replacement of lithium phosphate batteries. According to the commercial assembly of batteries, the trio battery ratio has reached 74.63 per cent, and the trio battery production is being rapidly released.
By 2020, we will be selling 2 million new energy cars a year, while 2 million vehicles, compared to 517,000 in 2016, mean that we will need an average of 370,000 new energy vehicles to sell over the next four years, with an average annual compound increase of 40.24%. As the new energy automobile industry flourishes, the future will be a pullover of cobalt.
The largest growth point in consumption. Area 3c is the largest application of lithium cobaltate, with 3c mainly composed of smartphones, pen-book computers, tablet computers, and so on. After a rapid growth from 2006 to 2014, smartphones, although at a reduced rate, increase in battery capacity can boost the demand for cobalt.
On the supply side, 56% of the cobalt supply comes from copper mines and 34% from nickel mines. As the supply of cobalt is passive, the price of copper nickel and the pace of construction of new projects will affect the potential supply of cobalt in the future.
Cobalt metal prices continued to show a significant upward trend at the end of 2016, with a low of b99.3 per cent of the effects of phased demand changes in cobalt product varieties, with different price increases and large differences between international and domestic markets. According to the Asian Metal Network, on 1 December 2017, the median metal cobalt price rose to $4.95 million.
In the first half of the year, the lithium electricity and new energy industries continued to flourish. According to the China Automotive Industry Association, there was an increase of $50,000 a month earlier.
According to the statistics, the supply and demand base of the cobalt market was further improved by the cumulative sales of 212,000 and 195,000 vehicles in January-June 2017, respectively, with 3c products continuing to pull demand for cobalt. According to Anteco data, the country consumed approximately 25,000 tons of cobalt in the first half of 2017, an increase of 13.6 per cent over the same period, including battery material (cobalt salt).
Figure 8: The ratio of Māori to Cobalt products of company h1 in 2017 and the three-dollar pre-release drive are bright points for future development.
The company’s company’s China-Yo-Yo-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Nu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Nu-Nu-Yu-Nu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Nu-Nu-Yu-Nu-Nu-Nu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu, China company company company company company company company company company has developed-N-N-N, based, based, based, based, based, based, based, based, based, based, based, based, based, based, based, based, based, based, based, based, based, based, based, based, based, based, based, based, based, based, based on capacity and market, and market, based on capacity and market, and market, and market, and market, based on the production, is a three-, based production plan, developed, based, based, based, based, based, based, based, based, based, based, based, based, based, based, based, based, based and market, based, and market, based, based, and market, is the production, based, and market, production, based, based, based, based, mainly, mainly, based, mainly, mainly, is the production, mainly, and
In 2016, the company produced 20,000 tons of pre-thirties per year to drive the second stage of production, substantially increasing the capacity of the company’s triple-motivated battery material products. The company is now the leading supplier of raw materials in the country’s new energy sector in the area of lithium electricity.
The business achieved revenue of 15,789.74.4 per cent in the first half of 2017, upstream resource recovery and lithium resources: 4.1 per cent, acquisition of Bailun biotech for resource recovery.
On 3 August 2017, the company announced its intention to acquire 100% of the shares of Beyllen Biotechnology Inc. through its wholly-owned Sun Company, HWAYI, with approximately RMB 18,432.6 million. Beren Biotechnology decided to transition to basic chemical industrial development, which will in the future cut into the recycling and recycling of lithium electricity.
Operating areas. The recoverable metals in lithium electrical materials include cobalt, nickel, copper, aluminium, etc., which coincides with the company's main business products. The acquisition will be followed by an effective replenishment of the company's metal raw materials after completion of the acquisition, and the annual replenishment of the metal will enable the company to successfully enter the process of “Lithium Waste Dismantling and Reclamation - Positive Material Rebuilding” for construction through the acquisition of Bailun biomass technology.
As new energy vehicles evolve, the end-of-life peak of power cells will soon arrive, and the early deployment will capture the power cell recovery wind. 4.2. Entering the stock avz layout overseas to provide lithium resource security for the transition to upgrading the lithium power industry
The company is already a leading company in the cobalt industry, but is still working to upgrade and become a leader in the new lithium energy industry worldwide. In August this year, the company spent $1.32 million (the equivalent) on the industry.
The company has 60% interest in the Congo Manono project, and the Manono project has some potential for lithium resources to find a mine.
5. First coverage, `recommended' rating: