The unfavourable market environment led to a decline in the company’s main business income. In 2016, the domestic securities market was characterized by low volatility, continued low market morale, and equity funds were traded in the same way.
\triangleright drops sharply, industry competition increases, and eight new regulations, net capital restrictions and regulatory policies are in place, leading to a higher share of self-employment in the company's income structure
In 2016, the role of innovation in supporting corporate revenue was evident in weak business situations. The company’s stock pledge of interest income, the new three-board market turnover, etc., led the way, creating a new income and profit growth point for the company. In terms of the company’s revenue structure, self-employment was higher and more resilient than other listed companies in the industry.
With the opening of Hong Kong, the offshore distribution is expected to benefit. With the start of stock trading in Hong Kong in December 2016, the company’s operations in Hong Kong are expected to benefit from the opening of Hong Kong.
The registered capital of HK$2.1 billion has enhanced the competitiveness of Eastern finance abroad.
Self-Lowing Companies Decline in Profit - Eastern Stock Exchange Review 2016.08.30 Sinda Securities Co. Ltd.
Risk factors: risk of continuous decline in transaction volumes and volatility of self-employed operations; risk of lower access thresholds and less than expected performance of innovative operations.
Research in the financial sector began in July 2014. With international and domestic research experience in multiple dimensions, such as macro-strategy and industry. Interactions with mainstream media such as Guangmao, Xinhua, etc. Prices, research assistants. Graduated from the Central University of Finance and Economics in 2015 and from Shandong University in 2013. Joined the Sindak Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2015, responsible for research in the financial sector.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities, and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. It is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. It is intended only for these particular clients. It is not intended for the public as a result of publicly available information that is considered reliable by the letter of credit securities, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the original presentation of the report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance of the securities or investment funds should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria.
No special notice may be issued in respect of the credit instruments, which issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.