The corporate development strategy is clear. The company’s development strategy is to become an integrated financial services investment bank and the main steps to be taken to that end are: first, it is to be a financial-service investment bank.
The top 10 enter the securities industry. Because of the weakness of corporate brokering, it is largely dependent on self-employment; and secondly, the three-year corporate strategic plan master needs four dimensions: capital-driven, talent-driven, customer-driven, and innovation-driven.
The company’s stock pledge of interest income, the new three-board market exchange, etc., is a leader in fostering a new income and profit growth point for the company. The company’s income structure shows a higher share of self-employment and a higher degree of elasticity than that of other listed companies in the industry.
With the opening of Hong Kong, the external layout is expected to benefit. With the start of stock trading in Hong Kong in December 2016, the company’s business in Hong Kong is expected to benefit from the depth of its industry’s weekly product, which brings together policy foresight.
In October 2016, the company, as an a+h-marketer, added 1.5 billion Hong Kong Hong Kong dollars to its offshore subsidiary Eastern Finance (Hong Kong), and market hot spots and deep industries to the pursuit of the replenishment, bringing the registered capital of Eastern Finance (Hong Kong) to 2.1 billion Hong Kong yuan, thereby enhancing the competitiveness of Eastern Finance abroad.
In terms of corporate income structure, self-employment accounts for a higher share than other listed industries.
Companies are more resilient. The impact of market dynamics on self-employment in 2016 has held up the company ' s performance throughout the year, but the company ' s quarterly reports show that in the first quarter of 2017, the company achieved operating income of 2,129 million yuan, attributed to the net profits of shareholders in listed companies of 844 million yuan, an increase of 54.16 per cent and changes, respectively, compared to the same period in the previous year, followed up with an assessment, with reasons for proposing stock changes.
They think these stock movements are going to be a significant victory over the market.
Related studies: First Coverage: Self-Finded Specialized Bonders - In-depth Report on Eastern Securities (206.8.18), Self-Lustrated Operations \triangleright House No. 1 of 9 Townstown West, Beijing
In July 2014, the financial sector was researched with a multi-dimensional experience of international and domestic, macro-strategy and industry studies. There was frequent interaction with mainstream media such as Yanyan and Xinhua. Prices, research assistants. Graduated from the Central University of Finance and Economy in 2015 and from Shandong University in 2013.
The securities industry focuses on the company Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindard Securities”) with the qualifications of the CSRC-approved securities investment consulting business. This report is produced and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for client signatories who have signed service agreements with the Sinda securities, and provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers, with strict agreement on rights and obligations. This report is made available only to the specific customers mentioned above and is not intended for public distribution.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only observations and judgements as at the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investments indicated in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investments should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.