Increased capital strength and proactive management of enabling performance
Eastern securities release 2016 annual report: the company achieved a business gain of $6.9 billion in 2016, a decrease of 55 per cent in the same year; net return to the mother was about $2.3 billion, a decrease of 68 per cent in the same year; eps 0.41 dollars per share.
\triangleright Reasons. Self-employed securities sales transactions contributed to corporate business income by increasing the stock market share from 2015, with more than 90% active management
\triangleright has a proactive management advantage and is expected to become a new business in the context of de-channelization this year.
Smaller, city share is expected to rise significantly. Proactive management has a tariff advantage over corridor operations, with companies ranked 10th in the total net income industry during the reporting period, with significant profitability higher than in the same industry.
During the reporting period, the owner of the Eastern Citigroup financing was responsible for $18.77 billion, an increase of 233.1 per cent over the same period; the number of ipos reached seven, an increase of four compared to 2015. In the context of the ipo acceleration, it is expected that IPOs will become a new business growth point.
Market services; investment in 185 new three-board listed companies, of which 60 per cent entered the innovation layer and the market value of warehouse holdings represented 78.3 per cent of the total market value of the company: 18 of them had announced that they would receive ipo listing coaching.h Stock listings expanded access to finance, and the replenishment subsidiary placed overseas operations.
After capital expansion, the company recapitalizes its subsidiaries in the amount of RMB 1.5 billion to expand the overseas map. At the same time, its affiliates acquire 28.4% of the stock of Dragons International and will grow in the future overseas business.
The increase in corporate capacity will be used to support the full development of brokering and portfolio finance, sales transactions, investment management, innovation, and grouping. As a result, firms’ business size and market competitiveness will increase significantly, and business revenues will diversify.
1. Eastern Securities (600958), Inc.: To Hong Kong, to maintain an in-house lead in asset management, fund management and self-employment transactions and to accelerate the advancement of traditional business
Publicly raised $8.9 billion, capital enhanced, transformed, investment made a breakthrough, actively promoted overseas deployments, and proposed refinancing to further build capital strength.
Li Feng, Executive Vice-President of the Institute, served on the National Economic and Social Commission, the Ministry of National Materials, the Ministry of National Trade, the China Sindha Trust Investment Corporation and the Chinese Galaxy Securities Corporation.