19 June 2017, Shinda's brilliant push, securities industry perspective: valuation is very low.
The securities industry, in particular the bond dealers, valued at an extremely low level in history, far below the historical average, with limited downside space and medium- and long-term investment opportunities that have emerged, but there are no incentives that have led to a significant increase in valuation levels.
Banking perspective: The new regulations have had limited impact on performance and the new regulations have had limited impact on the overall performance of banks. Recent regulations have had a significant impact on the management of business such as finance and industry. Commercial banks have experienced a slower expansion of assets and a greater change in their structure, but the impact on the overall performance of banks has been gradual and modest.
In the short term, financial pressures continue to be high in the middle of the year, owing to such factors as double-checking by the Silver Supervisory Board and the Central Bank mpa, and seasonal funding pressures. Market hot spots, deep-seated industries, and the pursuit of one another, remain high.
Investors with absolute earnings have an important reference value. [Excellently] Industry covers the best in companies, with a combination of each current period [excellently]: Eastern securities (600958).
The period is one to two shares. The weekly update, if the offer remains the same, is followed by an evaluation, and if the offer is made, the reasons are given.
East Securities (600958), Sinda Securities Co. Ltd.
1. The corporate development strategy is clear. The company ' s development strategy is to become an integrated financial services investment bank, and the main steps to that end are set out: first, entry into the securities industry, top 10 in the 9th House of the House of the City of the West Side, Beijing.
Talent-driven, client-driven, innovation-driven.2 Innovations are growing rapidly and companies are more resilient. In 2016, in a vulnerable environment, innovation supported corporate revenue.
The impact of market conditions on self-employed businesses in 2016 has strained the company ' s performance throughout the year, but market conditions are now warming, allowing the company to run its own business and broker business, and are expected to improve the company ' s performance.3 With the opening of the deep port, the external layout is expected to benefit. The opening of stocks in Hong Kong in December 2016 is expected to benefit from the opening of the deep port.
As the company’s a+h-marketer, and in October 2016, with an increase of HK$ 1.5 billion in foreign affiliates’ Eastern Finance (Hong Kong), Eastern Finance (Hong Kong) registered capital of HK$ 2.1 billion, thus increasing the competitiveness of Eastern Finance abroad. Performance improved in April/April, depending on the company’s elasticity.
The impact of the annual market situation on self-employment has stagnated the company's performance throughout the year, but the company's May performance brief shows that the parent Eastern securities company earned $317 million in operating income, net profit of $158 million, an increase of 83.94 per cent and 74.28 per cent, respectively, compared to the same period the previous year. Market conditions are now warm, and self-employment and brokerage are expected to increase.
The non-ferrous metals and steel industry focuses on the company Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications of the CSRC-resumed securities investment consulting business. This report is produced and published by the Sinda Securities.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. It is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. It is intended only for the specific clients mentioned above. It is not intended for the public. It is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed to be reliable, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the original presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
Security issues studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.