The 2016 edition of the Eastern Securities Report: The Flexible Bond Mark, a year of strategic collection, is a promising event: the company published the 2016 report, and the company achieved operating income of $6.88 billion, a decline in comparison with the previous year.
Performance lags behind industry averages, resulting in a self-employment-led business structure that reduces profits by 5 billion dollars compared to 2015, with brokering (net revenue from agent trading of securities) and self-employment (investment returns + fair value changes) falling by 6.6 billion dollars compared to 2015
The share is 47% a year, the highest in the industry, well above the industry average. High leverage in total equity/flow (million shares) results in negative net interest earnings, compared to 10% on average in the industry.
Total market value/flow (millions of yuan) Net interest income consists mainly of credit operations income and related expenses, corporate bonds, 12 months ' maximum/minimum (dollars)
The industry as a whole has a net interest income of about 10% of the amount due. Eastern securities interest income of 850 million (in 2015 it was 1.4 billion) and equity interest income of 2.2 billion (in 2015 it was 1.7 billion) on pledge buybacks, but sells back purchase financing.
The year 2017 is the year of the company’s three-year strategic plan.
• Management and active promotion of the integration of production. Investment proposal: As the market is stabilized, bond dealers' performance is restored, the securities industry as a whole is warmer, companies as investment-oriented bond dealers are more resilient, and companies are given a “growth” of their performance
Table 3: Analysis of the decline in net profit from the return of Eastern securities
Eastern Securities Report 2016: The Year of Strategic Collection of Flexible Bonds is worth looking forward to The New Wealth First in 2015: The New Wealth Third in 2011: The New Wealth Second in 2012: The New Wealth Third in 2013: The New Wealth Fourth in 2016.
This year, about 14% of the proceeds per market portfolio have been in the platform. Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. has been qualified for portfolio investment consultancy and portfolio licence No. 13480,000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations in the report are only for information purposes and do not constitute purchases of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.