The corporate development strategy is clear. The company’s development strategy is to become an integrated financial services investment bank and the main steps to be taken to that end are: first, it is to be a financial-service investment bank.
The top 10 enter the securities industry. Because of the weakness of corporate brokering, it is largely dependent on self-employment; and secondly, the three-year corporate strategic plan master needs four dimensions: capital-driven, talent-driven, customer-driven, and innovation-driven.
The company’s stock pledge of interest income, the new three-board market exchange, etc., is a leader in fostering new income and profit growth points for the company. The company’s income structure shows a higher share of self-employment and a higher degree of elasticity than that of other listed companies in the industry.
With the opening of Hong Kong, the external layout is expected to benefit. With the start of stock trading in Hong Kong in December 2016, the company’s business in Hong Kong is expected to benefit from the depth of its industry’s weekly product, which brings together policy foresight.
In October 2016, the company, as an a+h-marketer, added 1.5 billion Hong Kong Hong Kong dollars to its offshore subsidiary Eastern Finance (Hong Kong), and market hot spots and deep industries to the pursuit of the replenishment, bringing the registered capital of Eastern Finance (Hong Kong) to 2.1 billion Hong Kong yuan, thereby enhancing the competitiveness of Eastern Finance abroad.
In terms of corporate income structure, the share of self-employment is higher than that of other publicly listed companies.
The impact of market conditions on self-employed operations in 2016 has held up companies’ performance throughout the year, but the company’s March performance brief shows that Eastern certification changes, followed up on point, with reasons given if equity changes are proposed. Self-employment and brokerage are expected to improve the company’s performance.
For the next three months, we think that these stock trends are going to be a significant victory over the market.
cindasecuritiesco.ltd Related study: First Cover: Self-Finded Bonds - Indepth Report on Eastern Securities (206.8.18), Self-Rought Business \triangleright \triangleright
Compared with Beijing, Beijing, Beijing, West Side, 9th Street, Building No. 1, in July 2014, in charge of financial sector research. With a multi-dimensional experience of international and domestic research, macro-strategy and industry, there is frequent interaction with mainstream media, such as Xinhua Society.
The securities industry focuses on the company Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindard Securities”) with the qualifications of the CSRC-approved securities investment consulting business. This report is produced and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for client signatories who have signed service agreements with the Sinda securities, and provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers, with strict agreement on rights and obligations. This report is made available only to the specific customers mentioned above and is not intended for public distribution.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only observations and judgements as at the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investments indicated in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investments should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.