Lithium Tianqian (00246.sz) - semi-annual reviews, with narrow losses in the second quarter, the advantage of low-cost resources is expected to gradually highlight a significant loss in the company's performance in the first half of the year, mainly due to: 1) the process of a significant drop in lithium prices
In the first half of this year, the company’s performance suffered a gradual loss as a result of the mismatch between the company’s controlled chemical-grade lithium concentrate pricing mechanism and the sale of the company’s lithium chemical products. 2) Sqm’s exposure to tax litigation in the first half of this year led to a significant decline in its performance.
Data on sales of core products: in the first half of the year, Tyllison produced approximately 61.2 million tons of lithium concentrate, of which 52 weeks of maximum/lowest price
The positive impact of the successful crawling and out-of-country processing of home-grown plants was the same as the sales of lithium compounds and derivatives in the first half of the year as +30.13 per cent and the sales in the second quarter as compared with the sales in the first quarter as +46.18 per cent.
The company's wholly-owned subsidiary, Lithium Co., introduced the strategic investor Purple Gold Mining in the form of a build-up of equity, with the right to mine the Tsorra Lithium mine in Sichuan, which was registered on 9 January 2024 by the Agency for the Development and Reform of the Yangtze County Project on the Tsola Lithium Foil Trench.
At the end of the product: the company currently has five production bases for lithium chemical products, with a combined capacity of 886 million tonnes/year, which will be further upgraded to more than 140,000 tonnes/year. Of these, the Sichuan Su Nining Plant Project confirmed on 21 December 2023 the production of products that meet battery-grade lithium carbonate standards; Quinana, Australia
The production of lithium hydroxide products from the plant project was certified by the sample clients skonco.ltd and nonthvolt ettab, and the shipment began in January 2024.
The Tianqi Lithium Industry (002466.sz) Annual Review: Greenbush Lithium Mine Adjustment Pricing Machine Billion Dollars, resulting in a net profit equivalent of RMB 4660 million.
Tianqi Lithium Industry (002466.sz) semi-annual review: second quarter profit ring decline, investment proposal: maintenance of a “better than big city” rating. Tianqi Lithium Industry (002466.sz) - Lithium resources have a significant advantage and steadily expand lithium salt production
As a result of the high volatility in lithium prices, we have further revised lithium price expectations, and we have further reduced the company, Lithium Tianqi (002466.sz) - three quarters to overcome the multifactorial challenge of maintaining a strong p-12/12/x. Given the company’s best resources in the world, the cost is good.
It is significant, and it is effective against downside risks in the industry. There is still a strong potential for expansion at the resource end, providing solid material security for the rapid expansion of lithium salt production in the middle and the medium and long term, and maintaining a “better than 24h1 to achieve a net return profit of $5,206 million and a narrow loss of q2”
The company ' s performance in the first half of the year has fallen significantly, mainly as a result of -- 1) the mismatch between the company ' s time-cycle pricing mechanism for lithium-grade lithium concentrate, a company-controlled subsidiary, Te Lisson, and the company ' s sales pricing mechanism for lithium-chemical products over the course of the past year and a half.
Impact, leading to a gradual loss in the company’s performance in the first half of the year. But with the company’s new acquisition of low-cost lithium concentrate from Telison and the gradual assimilation of existing lithium concentrate stocks, the chemical grade of the company’s production bases, the cost of lithium concentrate deposits, which are in line with the latest purchase prices, and the phased mismatch of the lithium concentrate pricing mechanism,
In the first half of this year, sqm showed a significant decline in its performance. In the first quarter of this year, Sqm reported that in April 2024, the Chilean court of Santiago had decided on tax actions for its 2017 and 2018 tax years.
By decision, the tax and customs tribunal ' s decision of 7 November 2022 in the case was reversed, leading to the recognition of approximately $1.1 billion in income tax costs and a corresponding reduction in net profits of about $1.1 billion.
Core product sales data: in the first half of this year, Tyllison production was run in an orderly manner, producing tons of tons of lithium, all of which were sold to the Tianzi Lithium industry and the chemical grade purchased by the U.S. Yapo industry. Lithium concentrate was used mainly for self-production or commissioning into lithium chemical products; in the case of lithium products, it was successfully crawled by its own plant.
The positive impact of production and external processing, with the production and sale of lithium compounds and derivatives in both the first half and second quarters of the company increasing by the same and ring, with sales of lithium compounds and derivatives equal to 30.13 per cent in the first half of the year and billions of yuan in the second quarter, mainly as a result of tax litigation decisions leading to a significant decline in performance.
The strategic deployment of the company's lithium resources in China, Australia and Chile, with a vertically integrated global industry, is committed to a long-term development strategy of “upstream, medium- and downstream”.
Working with Global Strategy partners to promote the long-term sustainability of lithium ion cell technology in the electric automobile and energy storage industries, seeking to become a globally influential energy change driver. At the resource end, the company uses the Green Bush lithium mine in Western Australia as a resource base, and the Sichuan Yajiang Tsola lithium mine as a resource base.
The Green Bush lithium mine currently has a lithium concentrate of 1.62 million tons/year, and the igo announcement indicates that Green Bush 24q1/q2 lithium concentrates are 28.3032 million tons, q2 ring ratio + 19%, and 24q1/q2 lithium concentrates are sold at an average price of $1034/1020/tonf0b, respectively. The pricing mechanism for mineral-grade lithium concentrate products in 2023 was as follows:
Based on quarterly adjustments; based on the current market environment, the current pricing pattern of the company is based on the average quotes of the four mainstream pricing agencies (fastmarket, benchmarkmineralinelligence, s&pglobal plats and the Asian Metals Network), updated to the current monthly basis
The top four major offer agencies offer an average price and have a share-holder discount. There are two more expansions in Greenbush: 1) cgp3 which are under intensive construction, with a design capacity of 520,000 tonnes/year, expected to be completed by mid-2025, 2) cgp4 is expected to be launched after the cgp3 project, with an additional 520,000 tonnes/year chemical product.
In the long run, the Green Bush lithium mine is expected to reach 2.66 million tons/year, with a contract of 350,000 tons/year. After Igo was introduced as a strategic investor in Tianqi, it held an indirect share of 26.01% of the Green Bush lithium mine, but still holds control of the Green Bush lithium mine.
The company owns the right to mine lithium from the Sichuan Yajiang Tsola Lithium mine, the wholly-owned company which obtained a mining licence from the former Sichuan State Land Office on 6 April 2012. The Tsholi Lithium Fumisite mine is located in Jajiang County, Ganze County, Sichuan Province.
In May 2023, the Lithium Ally industry introduced the strategic investor Purple Mining in the form of a capital build-up. The Replenishment is planned to buy 20% of the Lithium Alloys in cash from the Sea South Purple Minerals, a fully-funded subsidiary of the Purple Mining Company.
The mining industry, as a strategic investor in the lithium industry, is instrumental in optimizing the stock structure of the lithium industry, making full use of the resource advantages available to the Department, facilitating the construction of the company Zola Lithite Project, building on the advantages of the purple gold mining industry in mining development and construction, and further accelerating the conversion of the company ' s stock resources into objective production/production supplies.
The Division is actively and orderly moving forward with work on the selection of lithium quartz in Yajiang. Lithium has been registered with the Yajiang County Department of Development and Reform on 9 January 2024 on the Tsoraz lithite prairie tailings project.
Joint venture to build 220kv transmission to meet the power needs of the parties; the establishment of the joint venture will provide infrastructure for the follow-up progress of the Tshola project. On 16 August 2024, the Lithium-rich industry secured a plan for the construction of a project by the Natural Resources and Planning Agency of Yajiang County on the Tsola Lithite Plumbing Trench Tlate Bank project.
At the end of the product, the company currently has five production bases for lithium chemical products, including two extension projects.t/year, lithium hydroxide production capacity of 5,000 tonnes/year, lithium chloride production capacity of 4500 tonnes/year; 2) Jiang Sujiang
The production base is the world's first fully automated battery-grade lithium carbonate plant in mature operation, with a capacity of 20,000 tons per year, and the company has initiated a 30,000-ton lithium hydroxide project; 3) the copper beam production base in Chongqing is mainly engaged in the development and production of lithium metal products, with a capacity of 600 tons per year, and the copper beam base is proposed to expand the 1,600-ton lithium metal project in two phases: 4)
On 21 December 2023, the output of a product that meets the battery-grade lithium carbonate standard was confirmed by the completion ceremony of the 20,000 tonnes/year lithium carbonate plant at the Choon Suingan housing plant. On foreign bases: Australasian Liaquinana plant (the first lithium hydroxide project) is the first fully automated battery-grade hydrogen oxygen to be put into operation globally
Lithium chrysotide plant, which currently has a battery-grade lithium hydroxide production capacity of 24,000 tonnes/year, has been certified by the sample client skonco.ltd and northvoltettab, and the shipment began in January 2024. In addition, phase II of the project, which was initiated in 2017 at the Quinana base, has become basic.
At the end of the investment end, the company currently holds a stock of sqm 22.16%. Sqm is the world’s largest producer of lithium from salt lakes.
Operating at Atacama Salt Lake, the world’s largest lithium reserve, which currently produces 180,000 tons of lithium carbonate and 30,000 tons of lithium hydroxide per year. Sqm sold about 170,000 tons of lithium salt in 2023, corresponding to +8.42%. Sqm achieved business income equivalent of RMB 52,449 million in 2023, net profit equivalent of RMB 141.36 billion, and
Sqm is expected to increase the sales of lithium salt by the same amount in 2024. Sqm is estimated to have sold about 95.7 million tons of lithium salt in the first half of this year, i.e. 26.92 per cent of the same year, and the income from the first half of the year of operations is equivalent to 16.896 billion yuan, resulting in a net profit equivalent of 46.6 billion yuan.
Sqm also holds a 50% stake in the Western Australia mtholland project, which produced the first ton of lithium concentrate in the fourth quarter of 2023, and the mtholland is expected to produce 50,000 tons of lithium hydroxide annually. As the second-largest shareholder of sqm, the Tinchi lithium industry is expected to earn a higher return on investment from its rapid expansion of productive capacity.
Taking into account the recent further adjustment of lithium prices, the following company profit projections have been revised. Our profit projections are based on an average of 8.7, 8.5, 90 million yuan (including taxes) per tonne of lithium hydroxide for the national battery class in 2024-2026; and 126, 1.6, 1.8 million tons of lithium from Telison Green Bush in 2024-2026;
Investment proposal: maintain a “better than the big market” rating. Due to the high volatility of lithium prices, we have further reduced the Lithium Foil and Lithium Salt Lake resources, with significant cost advantages and effective protection against industry downside risks.
The authors ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, with reasonable judgement and conclusions, and that the results of the analysis are consistent with the results of the study.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author