On 12st of January, 2022, the lines of operation were well advanced, with excellent performance in the fourth quarter.
In the fourth quarter of 2021, the company is expected to realize a return net profit of between $470 million and $730 million, an increase of 40.72 per cent.
Up to 118.56%, with excellent performance. The company has benefited from the active expansion of production by downstream silicon millers in the photovoltaic industry around its development strategy of “advanced materials, advanced equipment.” The company has actively pursued market opportunities, continued upgrading of equipment delivery capacity, enhanced quality of technical services, order volume, volume of operating income and operation.
At the same time, the domestic production of semiconductor equipment has accelerated, the volume of corporate semiconductor equipment orders has increased on an equal basis, and the company ' s sapphire material and auxiliary material consumption operations have developed rapidly, contributing positively to the growth in the performance of the Department ' s operations.
In 2021, companies signed large bills and placed high on hand orders. According to company bulletins, in 2021, companies signed new orders totalling $13,166 million with only China Ring shares, high-vision solar energy, and double-light energy efficiency, and we estimated a total of new orders or close to $20 billion in 2021.
By 2021q3, the company had 17,760 million hand orders, of which 17,034 million were for photovoltaic equipment, an increase of 210 per cent; 726 million were for semiconductor equipment, an increase of 81 per cent, and the expansion of silicon mills accelerated, allowing companies to innovate and support strong growth.
Report on the Strategy for the Mechanical Industry 2022: A Report on the Estimation Programme, Added Materials + Equipment Platform-type Business Layouts, Gathering High-Scene Races and Selecting Top Stock, 2021.12.12
The company's current business layout covers advanced materials such as photovoltaics, semiconductors, sapphires, silicon carbide, advanced equipment.
In the last six months, the company’s project planning has gradually landed, with a joint venture in the field of photovoltaic silicone crystals and applied materials established in Hong Kong to expand the product lines of photovoltaic equipment.
The development and certification of semiconductor equipment is also expected to accelerate. The new business layout is expected to continue to contribute to the company’s growth in performance and build a sustained growth through the cycle.
"Advanced material, advanced equipment" is still well-developed, maintaining a "buy-in" rating.
The epidemic caused the world to have less light voltage than expected, more light voltage of silicon than expected, and the company's plan to increase production. The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment consulting profession granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produced the present report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report were derived from compliance channels, the logic of which was based on the author's professional integrity and professional competence, and the report is clear.
A description of the securities investment consultancy business, according to the China Securities Commission ' s Licence to Run Securities (z23834000), gives S.E.S.C.S.C.C.C.C.A. certificate of approval from the CSRC.
A securities advisory service is a basic form of business in which securities investors or clients are the recipients of relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority, i.e. the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related influences of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, or securities-related products.