1. "Performance over-expected, full-in-hand orders - crystallized. " 3. "Q4 performance surges, sic, sapphire expectations.
It is expected that hand orders will exceed $20 billion, and that there will be sufficient hand orders, and that up to the end of 2021q3, a total of $17.8 billion (including taxes) will be contracted for crystal growth equipment and smart processing equipment.
An additional $5.7 billion plus codesic and semiconductor equipment, sic extended from the end of the equipment to the end of the material 1) Project for the production of carbonated silicon line chip: 3.36 billion yuan was invested in the project, which is planned to build the Qingxia Silvergawa with an annual output of 400,000 conductor types above 6 inches and semi-insulated sub-crylic silicon liner capacity.
Construction of a test line from the raw materials synthesis-crystal growth-crystal grinding process that has grown a 6-inch conductor silicon crystal, which has been internally tested for major performances that meet industry-level chip requirements, third-party detection and downstream extension validation. At the same time, the company has successfully developed carbonated silicone long-crystal furnaces, polishers, outer extension.
Equipment, platform-type companies that build equipment plus materials. 2) Semiconductor Large Silicon Equipment Test Experiment Line Project: The project invests 750 million yuan and plans to build 12-inch Semiconductor Large Silicon Equipment Test Lines.
Certification, construction of good customer relations, enhancement of the company ' s industrial chain, pre-existing advantages. 3) 80 semiconductor kits polished and production of thinner equipment produced annually: 500 million yuan for the project, 35 semiconductor materials reduced per year planned for Zhejiangsau, 45 semiconductors per year
By the end of 2021q3, the company’s semiconductor equipment was on a hand order of $730 million, and the company is expected to further improve its industrial support capacity in the field of semiconductor crystallized equipment. The downstream photovolatile silicon silicon expansion has not progressed as expected, and the domesticization of semiconductor equipment has not progressed as expected.