Performance forecast for 2021: Performance forecast supermarket expectations, long-crystal equipment taps release high performance elasticities — performance forecast 2021, in line with our expectations
The lower limit of the forecast. In 2021, the engine went up twice to improve the mother-to-mother net profit forecast, which is: (1) in mid-2021 we overstated our expectations and increased the parent-to-mother net profit forecast for 2021 from 1.390 billion yuan to 1.714 billion yuan per year, which is the median figure of this performance forecast.
• Greater elasticity in the operation of photovoltaic equipment and increased profitability under the scale effects of long-crystal equipment (i). The effect of the size of photovoltaic equipment is significant, with a net interest rate of 2021q3 above 30 per cent, which is expected to increase further with leading managerial competencies.
(2) Capacity releases high performance elasticity. The company has been doing finely manufactured improvements in the supply chain for the past two years, which can quickly absorb hand orders and release productive capacity into performance elasticity. (3) New orders were filled in 2021, and performance increased in the last two years with greater certainty.
In the pk-cost industry, clients generally choose the best equipment to help them reduce their own efficiency gains, leading to high market penetration of equipment taps, and companies, as domestic long-crystals, can expect to benefit fully from the sic import substitution when the market is right, except for equipment and material layout.
The key difficulty with the sic liner is that the long crystal, the long crystal furnace (the liner) is the key to the bottom growth quality control, and the device end plus process debugging has more know-how.
Overseas manufacturers dominate, according to yole, 2020h1 the country's dragons Tiankhida and Shandong Tianhai combined silicon and sapphire are expanding well, accelerating the layout with less than 10% of the market share (sales caliber).
In October 2021, the company announced its intention to invest $3.36 billion in the development of a silicon carbonated material project, which will produce 400,000 electric and semi-insulated silicon line chipes with an annual output of 6 inches and above.
The company has succeeded in growing a 6-inch conductor-carbled silicon crystal, and is in the process of third-party inspection. The new order is expected to exceed $20 billion.
Equipment such as silicon-carbide long-crystal furnaces, polishers, outer extensions, platform-type companies that build equipment plus materials to take full advantage of carbonated silicon discharges and import substitution opportunities, has been developed during the detection and downstream extension validation process.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: photovoltaic equipment is the first curve in crystals, and the second curve is half: high q3 performance growth, long crystals, large silicon equipment release, and the third curve is the full release of sapphire and carbonated silicon materials
2021-10-31 East Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, has been in possession of the Portfolio Investment Advisory Board