q4 high performance innovation, semiconductor equipment + accelerated layout of silicon-carbonized materials
\triangleright net gain of $607 million (ring ratio +19.02%/year-on-year 81.74%) and single-quarter net gain has been historically high. Co-optimal performance of companies such as photovoltaic equipment + semiconductor equipment + materials such as sapphire materials, etc.
\triangleright is the first major leader in the field of photovoltaic silicone equipment, and the order volume, the size of the operating income and the pace of growth in business performance have increased as much as in the case of continuous upgrading of equipment delivery capacity. In addition, the process of domestication of company semiconductor equipment
Accelerating the roll-out of sapphire materials and good business development, making positive contributions to the growth of business performance, benefiting from the active expansion of production by downstream silicon millers, and a high performance of photovoltaic silicon equipment. 1) Contract liability: cut off \triangleright
Research assistant: Ingjamin 2021q3, the company has not completed a contract for crystal growth equipment and smart processing equipment totalling $17.760 billion, of which it has not completed a contract for semiconductor equipment of $726 million.
Newly signed single-crystal equipment of 1,485 million yuan, 837 million yuan, folding new semiconductor equipment orders of 200 million yuan, etc., and we expect the company as a whole to have more than $20 billion in hand orders.
In the month, the company issued a firm announcement raising $5.7 billion for all applications at the carbonated silicon liner chip production base,12 1.
Three-quarterly reviews: q3 performance growth, profitability, manufacturing projects, etc.) According to the February 2022 response report, 1) the carbonated silicon lined material has entered into an intended contract: the client a has formed a procurement interest with the company and the company will give priority to it in 2022-2025.
The total amount of silicon liners for carbon is no less than 230,000 pieces, and the clienta is expected to meet the same technical parameters and prices. Three-quarterly performance forecasts: q3 performance loops are higher, and priority is given to purchasing the company ' s carbonated silicon lined products; 2) semiconductor equipment exceeds 200 million hand orders:
Improved performance elasticity of order order 3. Crystals and Power (300316) 2021 for client b (products: 8-12 inches of thin polishing equipment) for $141 million; and Central Crystal Technology (product)
The new orders will provide a full breakthrough in the company’s future performance growth.
4. [Machine] crystals (300316) company point Investment proposal: high-scene orders in the photovoltaic industry to support the increase in photovoltaic equipment, in addition to company semiconductor equipment \triangleright
Review: Establishment of a joint venture with applications, improvement of photovoltaic setting and subsequent approval of silicon carbonated materials. We expect the company to be able to harvest it in 2021-2023, respectively.
Performance, photovoltaic semiconductor double-wheel-drive development, which corresponds to 30 and 25 times Pe in 2022 and 20223, respectively, maintaining a “recommended” rating.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.