The firm’s net interest rate is 28.82%, compared to 2020.
▪ 10.27 per cent of the total cost of the three costs of product platforming, administrative costs, R & D costs in the first three quarters, compared to the value of the order size effect, bargaining power resulting from the monopolization of the product, superior production of the company
The semiconductor silicon growth and processing equipment business is also developing more than expected. The semiconductor industry has a wide market space and good policies to speed up the domestic production of semiconductor equipment, and corporate semiconductor equipment orders.
Reference is made to the non-completed semiconductor equipment contract of $726 million at the end of the third quarter of last year, a significant increase of 0.86 times from $390 million at the end of 2020. Company semiconductor equipment products include long-crystal furnaces, thinners, double-face grinders, double-face polishers, peripheral polishers, final polishers, silicone outgrowth equipment, carbonated silicon.
(b) Equipment such as inch crystallization equipment, roll-rounding, cutting, grinding and polishing has been validated and sold by customers;
The silicone equipment, semiconductor silicon equipment, sic liner equipment, and the layout of related parts and consumables (semiconductor thugs, valves, magnetic fluids, silicon silicon polishes), as part of a development strategy based on advanced materials, advanced equipment, advanced materials, and spare parts.
Three generations of semiconductor sic production. The undelivered contract value for photovoltaic equipment at the end of 2021 is estimated to be $18 billion-$20 billion (including taxes), semiconductor equipment continues to grow on hand orders, parts and components of semiconductors are in short supply globally, and demand for sic cushioning benefits from new energy sources has erupted.
Given the significant benefits of a company ' s product platform and profitability enhancement, and the return of its current valuation to a relatively reasonable area, Crystal Gear: Performance Hacking Point has been identified, benefiting a new one downstream, Crystal Gear: q1 Performances have opened up, and performance has increased at a similar rate throughout the year.
The uncertainty of international geopolitical frictions and the scarcity of spare parts have delayed the delivery of orders.
High Growth Year 20200322 Sino-Soldier International Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.