21H1 performance is under overall pressure, and growth is expected in the second half of the year.
Capacity constraints have led to a lack of cellular cores, combined with outbreaks in India, Viet Nam, etc., resulting in a net profit loss of $70 million for Indian affiliates with a Māori/net interest rate of 15.12 per cent/3.13 per cent, compared to 4.18/-2.16 ptt. On the other hand, through vertical integration of zero components up and down, companies have constructed vertically an integrated competitive advantage of “materials-parts-modules-pretections” and rapidly cut horizontally.
The Unit, in contrast to its 300-degree trend to enter emerging markets and occupy a significant market share, has a productive capacity and size advantage for the first half of the year that the external environment has not been conducive to, in the sense that income from 21h1 has increased in comparison to the same period last year, excluding the effects of the Imperial Crystal Light Power and its subsidiaries, the Guangdong river powder.
As market demand cooled in the second half of the year, corporate performance was expected to pick up, with overall profitability rising. High R&D support markets opened and business plans improved \triangleright \triangleright
Companies continue to invest in technology research and development at a cost of $840 million, or +32 per cent. High R & D inputs provide a solid basis for companies to diversify from basic materials to sophisticated zero components, to core devices, modules and professional assembly, and companies have one-stop manufacturing capabilities in the whole industry chain. At the same time, companies expand new areas such as new energy vehicles, medical care, etc.
In the first half of the year, the purchase of Zhejiang Jintai electronics was completed, and plans were made for the construction of battery structures. In the first half of the year, the automobile business received $104 million, compared to 28%, the Māori rate reached 17%, compared to +2.3 pct, and the enhanced profitability of the automobile business reflected the company’s sophisticated manufacturing capabilities in the cross-cutting life force.
The impact of the overseas epidemic, the failure of affiliates to perform as expected, and so on.
Report points: Performance is as expected, with a high increase over the next three years
Wang Fang, Chief of the Electronics Industry, formerly employed in the Eastern Securities Company Ltd., First Market Private Equity and Investment Ltd., obtained a Bachelor of Science from the Chinese University of Science and Technology, and a Master of Arts from the Shanghai Institute of Advanced Financial Sciences from Shanghai Transport University.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,