Profitability continues to improve, with some changes in the fair value of controlled shares in the field of active data centres \triangleright having an impact on net corporate profits of $38 million.
In the first three quarters of 2025, there was an improvement in the company ' s Māori rate, net interest rate, and ratio. In the first three quarters of 2025, \triangleright 2.25 pcts, the company ' s efficiency gains have been steadily moving forward, and the company ' s Māori rate, net interest rate and ratio have been positive.
The company's new energy business remained steady for the third quarter of 2025.
As of 30 September 2025, the company held a capacity of 27,510 megawatts of photovoltaic plants, of which 24,592 megawatts were installed in households, a significant increase over the same period last year; in addition, 2,397.75 megawatts were installed in corporate centralized photovoltaics and small commercial power stations, respectively.
The domestic market, public \triangleright.
The Division has infiltrated the digital infrastructure area, promoting business cooperation with China ' s Connect B2b platform and promoting eco-cooperation among the three major operators to provide dynamic energy; and continuing to deepen joint research and development with China, with the new product being used in high-secret communication switch power cabinets to promote the widespread application of new digital infrastructure products and the growth of new operations.
The company obtained the logo of the data centre Laxy and Hwa; North American region, Deep Farmer U.S. Data Centre, Ink Assessment: steady growth in main camp operations and continued push in the data centre area.
In addition, in terms of research and development innovation, companies are actively focusing on new applications in areas such as data centres to drive technological innovation with new demand.
New products in areas of specialization such as electricity and electronics.
Quarterly review: 24q3 with bright eyes, improved quality of operations with high-quality efficiency, continued progress in new areas, such as data centres, and maintenance of “recommended” ratings.
Review: 24h1 has a good level of profitability, the low pressure continues to contract deep and is evaluated in the first quarter of the year 024: cost continues to be optimized, low pressure deepens methodology and analytical logic leads to findings, the present report is produced independently and objectively and is responsible for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by the researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.