The staff holding plan was launched to show confidence in long-term development.
Keywords: #capacity expansion # economies of scale # billions of yuan, with a total of no more than 30 participants, including some directors of companies (including subsidiaries), senior managers, middle and senior managers, core business (technical) cadres, etc.
• The introduction of the employee holding scheme to share the results of the business, and the growing confidence of large shareholders in development. 1) This time, the employee holding scheme involved mainly directors of companies, middle and senior managers and core technical cadres Repurchase of shares in dedicated accounts at a price of $7.6 per share, no less than before the draft was published
50% of the average value of a stock exchange on a trading day. This employee holding plan is maintained for 60 months, the shares are unlocked in four phases, 25% of each period, the conditions are unlocked and the company’s revenue growth is increased, allowing the company’s core cadres to share the company’s business results and help further strengthen the company.
Management team cohesion. 2) In addition, in order to improve the company's continued profitability and combined strength, i.e. to maintain a better performance of coal-based acrylic hydrocarbons, i.e., to focus on the need for repair. 1) Coal acrylic acrylic acrylic acrylic acrylic acne: disturbed by factors such as spring holidays, the prices of polyfinylene products have fallen since 24q1, but at the same time
The power coal price center has also moved down, with Hdpe/pp ' s latest price of $8150/7300 per tonne as at 13 March, down from 45,200 at the beginning of the year, and coal ' s latest price of 905 yuan/ton, down from 21 yuan/ton at the beginning of the year.
Treasure energy (600989); Treasure energy: Coalization of reservoirs, coke price down. As of 12 March, coke was on the spot at $1825 per ton, about $250 per ton lower than at the beginning of the year.
The recovery of industrial-led enterprises, with significant cost advantages, is expected to lead to a marginal improvement in the supply of and demand for coke. The three-phase project ningdong was successfully launched, and the Inner Mongolia project is expected to open up the space for growth.
The successful production of the HFA project and the continued expansion of the company ' s polyolefin production capacity. By the end of 23 March, the company ' s toneva installation had been completed and a pilot vehicle was currently under way, and an Inner Mongolia phase of the 2.6 million tonnes/year coal-based and accompanying 400,000 tonnes/year green hydrogen-coupled HCOA project was proceeding in an orderly manner.
By the end of the fourth quarter of this year, the company will be able to produce 5.2 million tons of HCs and will be ranked first in the coal industry in the country. Toshio Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.