Cost advantages are profitable and resilient, and the NCP contributes to high-growth energy sources (600989.sh) 22nd of 2024.
. Cost advantages remain resilient. The NAF project contributes to high growth, maintains a “buy-in” rating. The company published its annual 2023 report, and in 2023 it achieved business income of $29.14 billion, or +2.5 per cent; where the prices of hydrocarbons, coke and hydrocarbons are weak, the company makes the profits resilient on the basis of high sales and low costs.
The future demand for vinyl hydrocarbons and coke downstream is expected to improve, and the cost advantages of companies with high oil prices are further highlighted, and the folding of vinyl hydrocarbons project has contributed to a high growth in the company's future performance and maintains a “buy-in” rating. The vinyl hydrocarbons have improved profitability, and the need for coke is expected to recover.
The increase in sales of polyfins and the decline in the price of raw materials, in part offset the impact on performance of a lower price of polyfins at an average coal price of $616.8 per ton, corresponding to 19 per cent, compared to 2023, when the company collected $14.4 billion in polyolefin products, compared to +20.1 per cent, and a Māori rate of 30.3 per cent, compared to 30.3 per cent in comparison with 2023.
The downside in the price of carbon has caused the coke business performance to run at $11.18 billion in 2023, running at a relatively high level compared to the dollar/barret, supporting the price of polyfin hydrocarbons, accompanied by steady economic growth in the country, a return in the hydrocarbon landscape, and a steady increase in the rehabilitation of the floor and the infrastructure of the property that is expected to support the demand for iron and steel, and an increase in the demand for iron and steel.
The carbon supply and demand relationship is expected to improve marginally.
Production, new methanol production capacity 1.5 million tonnes/year, new HFO production capacity 1 million tonnes/year, new polyethylene and polypropylene production capacity 900,000 tonnes/year, project delivery company polyethylene and polypropylene product production capacity + 75%; 250,000 tonnes/ q3 profit ring improvement, Ningdong III and Ninmon
The installation was put into trial production at the beginning of February 2024; the construction of the 2.6 million tonnes/year coal-based and 400,000 tonnes/year green hydrate-based projects was initiated in 2023 and the construction process was halfway through the reporting period; and (2) the project contributed to growth - a three-quarterly report evaluation by the company
For fine chemicals: The company ' s 200,000 tonnes/year styrene project has been completed, with fine chemical production capacity + 24%. With the q2 HC4 profitability repair, Ningdong III and Immon are continuing with major projects, the company ' s productive capacity is expected to be further released, thus raising the profit center.
Project contribution growth - company-to-company review report. O1 performance ring improvement, 10 billion extra booster construction of polyolefins - company-to-quarter review report.