Performance meets expectations, looking forward to the company's business of acetylene, energy and energy (600989.sh)
Quarterly operating income of RMB 8,735 million, an increase of 25.77 per cent for the same year and a growth of 19.48 per cent for the ring; net profit of the mother of RMB 1,760 billion, an increase of 89.25 per cent for the same year and an increase of 7.70 per cent for the ring.
Sun Si Jin Slides, mainly as a result of a sharp fall in coke prices and a decline in the profits of the coke plate. q4 septa, polypropylene, coke sales were 29.53, 26.87, and 17.894 million tons, respectively, up by quarter.
The project was successfully launched with an increase in releases, which led to a significant improvement in the revenue of q4. The q4 sales of the Māori ring were slightly lower than the price of coal for the company ' s raw material for the ACs, which recovered slightly, while the polyethylene price was slightly reduced and the profit margin for the FCs was compressed. Overall, the company ' s q4 and year-round performance statements were reduced.
Coal-based ACs are projected to produce a significant increase in performance in 2024. Since the beginning of the year, the price of oil has been high, coal prices have dropped significantly, polyfin-coal price differentials have been repaired and the coal-based ACs have been on the rise.
Tens of thousands of tons/yeareva devices were put into experimental production in early February 2024 and will also contribute to some of their performance during the year. Owing to factors such as the narrowness of the profit margin for downstream steel, coke prices have been down several times since the beginning of the year, and the magnitude of the loss has widened further, and has been at the bottom of the history of many years.
Corporate coal self-sufficiency increases the performance of coke. Companies actively promote the Inner Mon project, which is expected to boost the company’s performance significantly after delivery.
The project, which consists of devices such as 3 x 2.2 million tonnes/year methanol, 3 x 1 million tonnes/year methanol, 3 x 500,000 tonnes/year polypropylene, 3 x 550,000 tonnes/year polyethylene, was started in March 2023 and is expected to be operational in 2024.
To this end, the company’s total production capacity will increase significantly to 5.2 million tonnes/year. The Inner Moon project is expected to add new growth dynamics to the company, while continuing to consolidate the company’s position as a coal-based node.
Table 1: Main financial indicators predict that I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
Ren Wenbo, Doctor of Chemical Engineering, China Petroleum University (Waodong). He worked as a senior engineer in China's oil industry for eight years. He joined the China Galaxy Securities Institute in 2018, mainly in the chemical industry.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.