Material material = conch cement: q1 outbreak impact, year-round performance
Under, the scarcity of mines makes the cement resource, the market will be less volatile as the concentration of the industry rises, and in the last 2-3 years and the next 2-3 years, the substantial repair of the balance sheet of the cement enterprise and the increase in profit stability will be the catalyst for the restoration of the valuation of the cement, the conch.
The company's performance is expected to be affected by the epidemic in 2020-2021, with a 30% decline in q1 overall sales. We measure that q1 overall sales have declined in volume; in single tons, we measure q1 own-production cement.
Conch Cement (600585), conch Cement: With clinker averaged approximately $340 per ton, an increase of about $16 per ton over the same period, mainly due to the steady improvement in the quality of the camp during the last four quarters of the year.
High-level overstretched by the first quarter of the year to date, with later price adjustments affected by the epidemic; ton cost cement taps 2020/03/21 conch cement (600585), conch cement: industry
At the same time, production performance was low during the quarter, as a result of an increase in the flat cost amortization; the performance of the Ton Māori Pact remained bright, and the value of the cement stock was 160 dollars, an increase of about 13 dollars per ton on the same scale; the full-calibre calculation of the Ton is about 40 dollars, the main one.
It's q1 production down, unit cost amortization increases, company management and profit levels are still the same as conch cement (600585), conch cement: high, keeping a leader in the industry.
The base does not change its performance, and it builds up a very high-prevalence ton, about 57% of the year-on-year decline, mainly due to the epidemic, and the overall volume of output per quarter drops. As the pattern in the sea is becoming more normal, the expansion of corporate trade will not only help.
The steady growth in the size of the company’s harvest, while significantly reducing the export of clinker from large enterprises in the East China region, has allowed the regional control of leading firms to further strengthen and mitigate local price volatility in cement and smooth regional cycles.
A steady expansion of production capacity + extension of the industrial chain and consolidation of the vanguard position. Currently, the company has a capacity of 359 million tons of cement, a bone production capacity of 55.3 million tons, a commercial mix capacity of 3 million cubic metres, a capital expenditure of 10 billion yuan in 2020, a steady expansion of domestic and foreign cement production capacity, and a search for appropriate domestic solutions.
Procuring, offshore, accelerated production capacity-building along the "one-way" lines, accelerated upstream and downstream industrial chains, integrated construction, and complementary industrial chain advantages, with corporate skeletal revenues exceeding $1 billion in 2019, a Māori rate of 70.6 per cent and a high level of profitability; and mining capital as environmental protection continued to tighten.
The scarcity of sources highlights the fact that corporate backbone operations rely on their own high-quality mineral resources to grow rapidly, and will in the future become a new growth point in the company’s performance. Currently, there is a rapid recovery in demand and year-round performance.
Downstream demand recovered rapidly, and by mid-April, the East China region had reached 100 per cent and stocks had fallen to about 50 per cent, with Zhejiang region having reached 110 per cent for many days in a row over the last year.
We'll catch up. We'll have about 1.1 trillion new debt issued in the first quarter of the year, representing 84 per cent of the pre-distribution scale, of which nearly 80 per cent goes to the capital, the third tranche of $1 trillion has been released to the provinces and municipalities, and is expected to be released by the end of May to ensure a reversal of the cycle.
Reconciling effects, firm capital investment upswing demand; second, in a stable economic context, real estate investment is resilient, supported by the probability of marginal easing in the city, overall demand, year-round performance; and overall industry valuation is expected to be raised in a context of loose liquidity and a stable economy
L, conch as the industry’s pole, core assets will be revalued. Less than expected, output lags slowly, supply and demand patterns vary, and prices, such as coal, ore, rises, resulting in higher costs.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report