The impact of the epidemic on corporate production and sales has been significant: during the reporting period, the epidemic caused production and operation of companies.
On the one hand, the company ' s own workers are slow to arrive and the production end is late; on the other hand, the demand in downstream markets is strongly affected, dealers are less willing to take their goods, and demand for the end in February is almost stagnant; despite the gradual recovery of the market in March, the epidemic continues to be under control and workers are on the move.
The recovery in cement demand has been slow, with a low impact. The rate of increase in fixed-asset investment across the country during the quarter, stock prices compared with industry-market trends - 19.7 per cent, the same rate of growth in the area of new construction of houses - 27.2 per cent, and a sharp contraction in the end demand, with the country contracting.
The cumulative output was 299 million tons, a 23.9 per cent decline in the same year, while the volume of cement production in March was 148 million tons, a slight improvement in corporate profitability: in the first quarter, the company ' s gross domestic product was 34.9 per cent, and in the second quarter it grew by 4.1 per cent, with a net interest rate of 21.2 per cent, an increase of 1.2 per cent. On the other hand, despite the fact that the price of cement in the first quarter was higher than in the fourth quarter.
On the other hand, logistics is blocked in a quarter, with a projected decline in the share of the cement trade in the total revenue. Thus, the Māori ratio of companies has risen in a quarter, followed by the trade, and the Māori ratio has declined in a subsequent period.
1.9 pct, period rate increase of 3.1 pct. Management rate increases and financial rate increases are due respectively to the increase in exchange losses due to the rise in fixed-contribution amortization and devaluation of the renminbi.
3q3 shows steady growth, with long-term values highlighted.4 Strong performance, long-held choices Prospective for 2020, the beginning of the expected recovery of the industry in the second quarter: the epidemic has had a significant impact on the economy throughout the year.
In late March, the Political Bureau made it clear that it would “strengthen macro-policy regulation and implementation, strengthen traditional infrastructure investment, expand effective investment, and carry out the restructuring of old neighbourhoods.” In mid-April, it led the Bureau’s meeting.
In April, the country’s regular meeting decided that 39,000 old districts would be rehabilitated this year, a doubling of the previous year, while the second tranche of earmarked debt was expected to be released ahead of schedule. As a result, capital investment is expected to pick up significantly in the second quarter.
The demand for cement is expected to recover significantly in the second quarter. The production end is now back on track, the output of businesses is rising steadily, and the country now has 89% cement output, while the East, Central and South-West regions are public.
At the end of the supply side, there is no change in supply control, environmental protection and mine control remain stringent, with a net additional clinker production capacity of about 10 million tons, equivalent to 1% of the capacity, which is more manageable overall. As a result, the supply and demand patterns in the cement industry remain relatively good this year.
In terms of stocks, Cujongbi has continued to decline, falling to 54% in the east and 49% in the north-west. Prices have risen in several provinces and cities, including Zhejiang, Jiangsu, Hunan, and Jiangxi.
Investment Recommendations: In the medium and long term, the cement industry faces a downward demand constraint, with revenue from supply-side reforms over the past few years ending with high profit growth. But we believe that the conch has a cost advantage, an industrial chain advantage, and a financial advantage still exist, so it is expected that the conch will be collected next to the future industry.
A moderate uplift to restore higher levels of profitability in the next last round. And the higher dividend rate of the conch also highlights its long-term value, which is an excellent cash cow.
Candidacy coupons
The stock market is based on 300 indexes of depth; the new three-board market is marked by three indexes (for the subject of the transfer of the agreement) or three-board market indexes (for the market).
The Hong Kong market is based on the Morgan Stanley China Index and the United States stock market on the standard 500 index or the NASDAQ composite index (except as otherwise indicated).
Credit card.