The performance of the company in the first half of the year was robust and high-quality development could take place. The semi-annual performance evaluation for 2021 for the five grains and fluids (000858) was an event: the company published its semi-annual report for 2021.
Wei Hongmei grew by 23.04% compared to the previous year. The company, as the leader of strong white wine, was relatively limited in its performance last year, with double-digit growth in the first half of the year 2020 in the first quarter of the first quarter of the year.
With the expansion of the white wine, the company started a good 2021q1, with 20.19% and 21.02% of net profit growth and q2 performance, respectively. The company’s total operating income in 2021 continued to strengthen the VF brand and promote the upgrading of the series of wine brands. The company is currently implementing the VFL brand.
In the first half of the year, the company strengthened the status of the eight-dip-five core monolith, and the market-for-the-market expectations. At the same time, the company focused on building the super-high-end classic five-food fluids, raising the labels for high-end products, and the classic five-food items.
Liquids are expected to become another major core single item at the end of the 14th century, in addition to P5. As the product structure is upgraded, the P5 main branding continues to improve. 2021h1, the P5 product has been upgraded and the collection of a series of liquor products has grown faster.
Business income of $6,964 million was realized, an increase of 38.57 per cent, while distribution channels were consolidated, and collection channels were significantly expanded. Corporate sales were dominated by traditional distribution channels. 2021h1, distribution channels generated business income of $27,167 million, an increase of 3.72 per cent.
At the 1218th session of the year, the company offered to develop a strong acquisition channel. In general, the company's distributors make purchases at a price of $5889 per bottle, while under the group purchase channel, the group purchase order and the new customer will execute a price of $999 per bottle. In the context of the company's aggressive expansion of the group purchase channel, the first half.
Annual high growth in company group purchasing channels. 2021h1, company direct sales channels achieve business income q2 increased profitability. Corporate q2 increased profitability as the company ' s product structure continued to be optimized and the group buying channels accelerated. 2021q2, company Māori 72.06%, same as the company ' s Māori ratio.
An increase of 1.35 percentage points, net interest rate of 32.67 per cent, an increase of 1.23 percentage points from the same year. A positive dynamic was injected into the exhibition. As the two high-end products of the company ' s P5 and classic five-food fluids moved forward, it was expected that the company ' s performance would grow in quality.
The “market index” of this rating system is based on 300 indexes of depth. I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association to produce this report in a diligent and professional manner, independently and objectively and to the extent that I know it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the company’s relevant business sectors, issuers, listed companies, etc.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report.