Daily consumption of foods, beverages and tobacco Five grain fluids: full-line prices have risen and the share of direct sales has risen considerably Events: company reports in mid-2021, yielding 36.752 billion yuan (+19.4 per cent) in 2021h1
The price of the wine is up, it is growing robustly, and the wine series is showing good performance. By category, 2021h1 FFDs/barrells generated revenue of $27.138 billion, $6.964 billion, and the income from the industry grew by 17.27 per cent/38.57 per cent over the same period the previous year.
Much of this increase is due to the company’s efforts to upgrade the branding of the series, the pace of operations, and the high advance receipts to ensure sales performance in the second half of the year. The company’s contractual liabilities are 2021h1.
Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A.
It also ensures performance during the second half of the year. 2021h1 accounts receivable financing + receivables corporate sales received $15.19 billion, an increase of 5.7 per cent over the same period, mainly as a result of a significant increase in the gross sales ratio over the same period last year, which led to an increase in the Māori ratio. In the first half of the year, the alcohol ratio rose by 80.41 per cent.
Measures to deal with the epidemic, with year-round growth targets unchanged. The Ring is up by 6.88 pct from the end of 2020, and the grouping pushes for a more visible increase from the end-of-the-statement ratio to the Māori rate of the donation.
Do not raise the Māori rate by 0.62 per cent and 2.02 per cent (even considering the negative impact of transportation cost adjustments Māori rate increases and lower administrative cost rates drive up net interest rates).
Channels + product resonance, robust growth in the medium to long term. The company has a strong productive advantage. It currently has more than 32,000 silos, a 40,000-ton annual brewery, and an annual capacity of more than 200,000 tons of commercial wine and 600,000 tons of original wine storage, of which there is strong wine production.
The firm is expected to grow robustly in the short term, benefiting from continuous improvements in channels, new products and capacity. (1) Channel ends: accelerate the development of channels such as group purchasing and new retailing.
(ii) New products: the 2000+ reprint of the classic five-food fluids, which was launched in September 2020, improved the system of high-end liquor products, with a planned sales volume of 2,000 tons in 2021, which is expected to increase at full cost.
The projects for re-engineering of the liquor depots, special food kitchens and mills have all been completed. The main building works are: the Liquor Design Centre, the Enterprise Technology Centre, the pre-plant planning and renovation process, and the 120,000-ton eco-breeding project (phase I). The company is expected to be fully operational by 2024.
In the medium-to-long term, companies have greater scope for growth as a result of the high-end white-colour track price increase. In addition, 1450 plans for high-quality production, which has become an important window period for a new round of high-quality corporate development, with companies identifying 1405 issues of “511”
The development goal is that the company is the world’s top 500, that the liquor industry has sold hundreds of billions, that the group has made hundreds of billions of dollars, and that the future is going well. We expect that in the second half of the year, in terms of universal five structures and classics, the ton price rises to the top half.
More years later, after the five-food spring recovery, they will contribute more income and profit margins in the second half of the year, with a better demand and a higher overall business pace, and a high advance to ensure sales schedule for the second half of the year.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report