Shinyyama's cash flow is very good.
\triangleright billion dollars, an increase of 23.03% from the previous year, and a steady improvement in performance.
Market data: On August 30, 2021, sales were over-expected, and the classic five-food fluids were imported as planned. 2021h1 million yuan, or 17.27 per cent, of the current operating income of the liquid food products, and 16189 tons, or 7.22 per cent, were sold.
By dollar, the same year + 7.0%, the liquor series is growing faster, mainly with a strong push to upgrade the brand of a series of liquor products. Second, the company continues to consolidate its distribution channels and expands its acquisition channels, with a significant increase in sales revenues from the “direct sales model” sales.
The Māori upscaling rate decreased and the company ' s profitability increased slightly. Company sales of 2021h1 net asset return: 24.94 per cent T.E.C. 69 West Street, 28th floor of ITC a
In Beijing, China, 28 Sinlyze Street in Beijing, 645.42 per cent lower than in the previous year, mainly because of the low base for the same period and the current operating income, 7th floor of the Center.
In 2021, Shanxi Securities Co. Ltd. increased its target double digits and is expected to complete it.
\triangleright left, with a long-term pattern of competition for crowding-up growth. The white industry is still in the long run of a new cycle of growth characterized by structural prosperity, and high-end white wine will continue to lead to structural growth in the industry.
Long, the industry is moving toward niche brands, niches, and niches. Looking ahead, looking forward to the second half of the year, we think that the eighth-generation-five is going to continue to increase in volume, and that the classic-five is expected to grow in volume, driven by the optimisation of channels and service upgrades.
As the backbone of our work, the four major national strategic brands continue to gain momentum and contribute, thereby ensuring double-digit growth throughout the year. The first half of the year’s robust performance growth provides a solid foundation for the overall achievement of the desired goals.
\triangleright ensures sustainable business growth through continuous improvement of the branding system, optimization of channels and enhanced organizational security.
The present report is presented independently and objectively as a result of macroeconomic uncertainties, increased competition in the industry, and a well-known branded intellectual property protection attitude. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not been, nor will I be, directly or indirectly compensated for the specific recommendations or opinions in this report. I have undertaken not to use my identity or position.
or the information available in the course of his or her profession serves his or her own personal interests or those of others.