Quality robust growth, structural improvement Highlights: company 21h1 achieved business income of $36,752 million, an increase of 19.45 per cent in the same year; net return of $13.2 billion, an increase of 21.74 per cent in the same year; of this, 21q2 achieved business income of $12,427 million in the same year
In the first half of the year, the company’s performance met expectations, \triangleright improved the drive to enhance channels, and the distributors made positive returns. In the first half of the year, the company’s Māori rate was 74.96%, compared with 74.96%.
0.32 pct; sales cost of 9.67 per cent, a decrease of 0.68 pct from the same year in which image promotion costs are higher than average; management cost of 4.17 per cent, a decrease of 0.03 pct from the same year in which overall cost rates are lower, with a full rise in the price of five grains and a recovery in alcohol series. In the first half of the year, five grains earned $27.138 billion, a decrease of the same amount.
\triangleright mission, with an increase in the share of dealers making out-of-plan loans, half of the group buying and selling assignments in the first half of the year.
Performance indicators will lead to a gradual shift of brands and products to medium- and high-priced focus in the distribution area. The four major national brands of wine have been upgraded and phased in, and will be followed by further direct sales, which will accelerate growth in the north and south. In the first half of the year, the company achieved a direct sales revenue of $6,935 million.
\triangleright Completions for the last year as a whole increased by 251% from the previous year to 20.3% from the same year, and 13.3pt from the same year, mainly due to a marked increase in company group purchases and online sales during the reporting period.
The North has the largest share of direct sales, at 42.38 per cent, and the West Main Market has a relatively low share of direct sales.
\triangleright 2020, deep reform, return of value
At about $990, brand power is strong against batch prices. Since July, the super-high-end classic five-food fluids have entered the formal layout phase, with companies focusing on high-end circles by creating a 1+n+2 business model, targeting 2,000 tons of sales this year and promising to grow more than $2,000.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
Risk factors: macroeconomic downside risks and increased competition in the industry. \triangleright, a study on the evaluation of real estate tax bases (National Social Fund) in Shenzhen City planned by the National Land Commission, with a focus on macro and local areas
Production, taxation, etc. In 2015, I entered the country with a sales + research experience, focusing on the industry and its shareholdings, with in-depth research and follow-up on such sections as white wine, recreational foods, spices, frozen foods, etc., and with emphasis on valuation and inclusive thinking.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.