The volume of alcohol products has risen, the series of wines and online channels have grown rapidly - the semi-annual review of the five-food fluids (000858) in 2021, with robust growth and good cash flow performance.
This is due to the upgrading of the product structure, the continued growth of the five-grain liquid products, and the continued increase in the price of the five-fruit fluids and a series of tons of wine; on the cost side, the cost of sales fell by 0.68 percentage points to 9.67 per cent on a year-on-year basis, mainly because of the higher rate of harvest, the Oyang Woo sword.
As a result of the increase in operating income and the increase in the collection of bank bills due to the currency exchange, the volume of alcohol in the series has increased, and the construction of online channels has been very effective.
Heyuhang@cczq.com has an upscaling and a classic five-grain drop, with the classic five-food fluid returning half a year in the first half of the year.
58.00%. The company is now pushing for a series of brands to be upgraded, with four national strategic brands at the top.
On the 15th floor of the Central China Sea International Centre, six months have gone to the market for the new and sophisticated products of the 5-year-olds and the 1911s.
Mainly as a result of the increase in group purchasing operations and online sales. The subregion is looking at Free Trade Department No. 6 in the North, South, West, Shenzhen Fukuda, Central, 27.03 per cent, 10.16 per cent, 27.06 per cent, 12.59 per cent, 15.94 per cent, respectively.
The Chengdu China (Sichuan) Free Trade Experiment has been growing faster, mainly because of the relatively high prevalence of the epidemic during the same period the previous year, with a relatively low base of operating income.
The market is good and the long-term growth is more certain. The current price is $970-990 per bottle. The stock is generally maintained for one month, the classic five is $1,800-2000 per bottle, and the current five is faster than last year.
The objective is to achieve double-digit revenue growth, with the company launching 120,000 tons of eco-breeding projects, which will have a capacity of over 400,000 tons in the future, and 40,000 tons in high-end alcohol production. In the second half of the year, the company has continued to stifling its distribution channels, increasing its efforts to expand its acquisition channels and online sales, and with the release of high-end output, the company's industry will be able to do so.
To maintain the company’s “additional” rating method, using legally compliant information, and to produce the report independently and objectively. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, and will not be.
The company is not considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving the report, it has no direct business agreement with the company. The reader is not a client of the company, and the company does not have proper responsibility.
This report is based on information that the company considers reliable and publicly available, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of such information. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which can be changed at any time without notice.
During this period, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report. At the same time, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter of this report may fluctuate. The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date.
The company is not obliged to update all recipients of this report. The information contained in this report can be modified without notice, and investors should be aware of the corresponding updates or modifications.
At no time does it constitute a recommendation for private investment by a client. Based on the company’s Risk Level Assessment Management for Products or Services, the company consults with its professional financial advisers on values-related studies, business, finance, taxation, etc. The company’s previous relevant studies predict and analyse accurately and do not prejudge the performance of this report and future relevant studies of the company.