Five grain fluids (000858) Critical Events Rapid Review, 22/07/2021
Qing Qing Chen Lee Irene has taken up his post at the top and the firm's sound development has further improved its certainty.
On 21 July, the company issued an announcement in which it elected Mr. Zou Tao as its Vice-President, appointed Mr. Zou Tao as its General Manager and Mr. Liu Ming as its Chief Engineer, and dismissed Mr. Chu Chungyu and Mr. Tang San Yun as its Deputy General Manager.
3) Strong in-house dynamism and steady progress in high-quality development continue to be strongly recommended; 4) maintenance of previous profit projections, with high-level, old-fashioned changes in corporate business income projected for 2021-2023, and new developments in the small-scale workforce.
In July of 18 years, during his tenure as Deputy Secretary-General of the Company, he successfully promoted the transformation of digital marketing and the upgrading of large monolithic product P5 and completely reversed the weakness of corporate channels in terms of profit margins and marketing and the significant improvement in the quality of his business: in July of 19 he also served as Chairman of a series of liquor companies, reshaping the system of liquor products, resolving the issue of product redundancy, recovering the five-food spring distribution rights, and promoting a return to the value of the series.
In the second half of the year, the pressure is smaller, the company is more price-oriented, and the price is expected to stay steady at $1,000 in the middle and fall of the five batches. The recent classic five grain fluids have clarified the channel model of “1+n+2” and are now planned for 2000 tons over the 21st year, with about 1,300 tons now being released, and some regions have begun to sell them. In addition, the series of wine brands has recovered in the spring of the 5-year food season.
After marketing, pipeline and new product planning has been completed in the first half of the year, with a price of $200+ for new products, which will lead to increased energy, higher prices, and sustained healthy growth. The investment proposal: strong intra-firm dynamism and high-quality development, with continued firm recommendations, maintains “buy-in” ratings, macroeconomic risks, low demand for high-end alcohol, and price increases.
Table 1: Comparable corporate valuation table (updated 21 July 2021) 5 Grain - 00858 - Critical Events Rapid Assessment: Good Business Good, 21q2 Double Half - 2021-06-21 Annual Report - 000858-2020 and First Quarterly Review: 21q1 Performance Maintained Steady with Yearly Price Releases
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels and that the logic of analysis is based on his professional understanding, seeking objectivity and fairness by reasoning his judgement and drawing conclusions