High-level re-evaluation: Management continues to improve and looks forward to the second half of the year: on 21 July 2021, the Five Grain Liquids issued an announcement that Mr. Zou Tao was elected Vice-Chairman of the Board of Directors of the fifth term of the Corporation and appointed Mr. Zou Tao as its Managing Director. Mr. Liu Ming is the Chief Engineer;
Mr. Zoutao served as Vice-President and Managing Director of the company; Mr. Liu Ming served as Chief Engineer; and Mr. Zoutao served as a Liquor of Five Foods and Fragrances.
The Director General of the Department, the Managing Director of the Company, and the Managing Director of the Company, have a wealth of experience in party and administrative work, knowledge of the company's basics, key personnel, and excellent managerial and leadership skills. Mr. Liu Ming has been working on the five grain fluids since 1986 and has been working in company workshops, party branches, brands.
The Department of Public Affairs, the Ministry of Production and Management assumes key positions, with a wealth of experience and insight into product manufacturing, brand promotion, and sector operations. The two new leaders, with a wealth of first-line experience, solid business foundations, and demonstrated managerial capacity, are expected to lead companies to further expand their markets and strengthen their leadership.
Reconciling the acquisition operations and continuously optimizing the channel structure. From the full start of the mission acquisition exercise in 2020, the Headquarters Department of Mission Purchases and the Fields had been established, with 20 per cent coverage in large enterprises; and some 6,000 direct service acquisition units had been established, covering more than 90 per cent.
Business wine. This year’s target of 30% of the total sales has been met. 1. Five grains and fluids (000858): part of the war zone in 2020 has met the year’s target.
Leadership service enhancement, optimization of the product structure for group purchasing, and improvement of the support system for group purchasing support services.
2. " Five grain fluids (000858): 200,000 tons in 2020, with an original wine storage capacity of over 1 million tons during the 1455s. In about 20% of them, the company actively promotes innovation and fermentation research in the brewing process.
Growth landscape, continuous excellence in channel structure Innovation, innovation in industry technology norms and standards, and innovation in workshop management for transition to modern business 2021-04-30
Newly, high-quality production is being enhanced by increasing the rate of famous alcohol. 3, Five Grains (000858): Reform is increasing. East Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, already has a securities investment advisory committee.