Peace in China (601318): The 2016 edition.
The slowdown in pre-tax profits was mainly due to: 1) 16q1 stock market shocks resulting in a loss of equity-type price differentials, while the high growth in the new list of birth insurance agents contributed to a 32.2 per cent increase in nbv, resulting in a 16-year increase in the agent channel ' s new policy of $10,16.3 billion, representing an increase of 38.8 per cent, mainly driven by the agent ' s eligibility.
The number of agents resulting from the liberalization of restrictions has erupted: the number of agents in the company has reached 1.11 million in 16 years, up from 15 years + 27.7 per cent, and the high growth in the agent ' s new policy premium contributed to a 32.2 per cent increase in nbv over the same period, amounting to $50.81 billion. The structure of the company ' s silver insurance channels continues to be optimized: the value of the new business is higher.
For 16 years, as a result of the restructuring of the company’s internal business unit, the premium for treasury operations has increased by +8.7 per cent (of which car insurance + 13 per cent) slightly less than the industry’s average rate of increase of 10 per cent.
As a result of the shift to higher industry costs, the level of insurance premiums is stable. The insurance base data (2016) is maintained while China’s insurance market, which is becoming more competitive, is rising in size.
Profit is an indication of the competitive advantage of the company’s unshakeable treasury operations.  17 years of reserve replenishment effect, resulting in an increase in the acceptance of performance capped +ev assumptions. 1) 750 days of reserve raise the pre-tax profit shadow of 16 years due to the average change in the rate of return on national debt.
28.9 billion yuan. Based on measurements (assuming that current interest rates on the state debt are constant + no adjustment to the liquidity premium): the impact of reserve replenishments on pre-tax profits for 17 years is approximately - 25 billion yuan, with 18 years of total impact.
The adjustment is in line with market expectations for China ' s forward investment returns and will increase market acceptance of the negative growth in the performance of ev2 and China ' s safe mid-2016 performance as the basis for the insurance valuation.
Super-expected +nbv growth continues at a high rate, 3. Peace in China: First Quarterly Review 2016 - Performance Maintenance Company as an absolute leader in the Chinese insurance industry, with deep life insurance and financial operations
Caution, high growth in the value of new business, 4 China Peace: The 2015 Annual Report Review - Insurance Strength is difficult.
5. Peace in China: 3-quarter review 2015: Basics maintained strong, stock-infested impact bottom-up growth and business quality steadily improved
Increased; 3. Increased market competition due to changes in vehicle insurance costs. Dong Wu Securities Company Limited, with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, already has the Securities Investment Advisory Board