Life insurance operations: high growth in size and value of new operations. In 2016, 355.274 billion yuan, or 25.3 per cent more than the previous year, was realized for life insurance; 35.338 billion dollars were achieved for personal operations; 74.5 per cent of the new business value of long-term guaranteed operations was spent on life insurance operations, compared to the same period last year.
In terms of capacity, the number of personal life insurance agents is over 1.1 million, and in terms of production risk, the combined cost rate is consistently better than that of co-workers. In terms of safety insurance, the current premium income in 2015 was $17,798 million, an increase of 13.4 per cent, and the combined cost rate of 95.9 per cent continued to be favourable.
Banking: steady growth in performance and pressure on non-performing loans. Secure bank profitability, robustness, net profit of $22.599 billion, operating income of $107,715 million; steady growth in business standards, total deposits, loans disbursed and advances, respectively, as compared to the beginning of the year
The size of the Trust ' s assets management is 677,221 million yuan, an increase of 21.3 per cent compared to the end of 2015, resulting in a net profit of 2,322 million yuan, a 19.6 per cent decline over the same period.
Safe securities continue their strategic transformation, creating differentiated competitive advantages, with net profits falling by 10.6% compared to the previous year, and performing better overall than industry. Safe asset management achieves a net profit of 2.221 billion yuan, Internet finance: large users and big platforms.
Twenty-eight.38 million registered users, an increase of 55.0 per cent from the end of the previous year, 7.4 million active investors, an increase of 103.9 per cent from the end of the previous year; well-being doctors have completed a $500 million round of financing valued at $3 billion. Monthly active users peaked at 26 million, and daily consultations peaked at 440,000.
This rating system's “market index” refers to a depth of 300 indexes. In risk preferences, products that do not refer to specific types of recommended and rated products are based on products.
The underlying risk rating is given in the markets studied, i.e. in the case of certificates of title and derivatives markets, where the underlying risk rating is a high risk; in the case of equity, equity-based fund markets, where the underlying risk rating is a general risk; and in the case of markets such as bonds, bond-based funds, monetary funds and macroeconomic policies, where the underlying risk rating is a low risk.
This report is presented independently and objectively and to the extent that you know it. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business departments of the company, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, and asset management companies. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.