Company review report  Real estate industry has been very active in sales, focusing on "Tight 30 Merchant Snake" (001979.sz)
In recent days, the company published its annual report for 2021. Throughout 2021, the company earned $16,643 million in operating income, an increase of 23.93 per cent over the previous year; the net return to the mother was $10,372 million.
Wang Qiuqiao’s carry-over has led to growth in operating income, and a combination of factors such as a decline in the Māori rate and a decrease in the return on investment has led to a loss of profits. Throughout 2021, the company achieved operating income of $16.643 billion.
The increase in income from real estate operations was due mainly to: 1) the impact of the downside of the market, the real estate carry-over, the same rate of gross profit as in the previous year, and 2) total asset impairment preparedness and credit impairment preparedness
The decrease in returns and the transfer of investment earnings from subsidiaries of companies decreased by $2,445 million on a year-on-year basis, resulting in a decrease of $2,049 million in net profit from parentage on a year-on-year basis. 1,464.47 million square metres were contracted, an increase of 17.77 per cent over the same year, and sales were consistently made on a large scale.
At the top of the industry, it was ranked seventh in the Creary list, continuing to rise by three points over the previous year. The company focused on the core cities, with fine farming, Shenzhen, Shanghai, Suzhou, Nanjing, among other cities, with the top three sales in the region, and 16 cities with the largest sales.
The market’s basic demand for a home is still high, and it is expected that, as demand-side policies ease, the population’s enthusiasm for a home acquisition will return gradually to warmer, and its fundamentals will continue to grow.
Investment focuses on a high-power “30-city” with a sustained dynamic of mergers and acquisitions and urban renewal, with a multi-channel combination of expansion.
Over the course of the year, 113 plots of land were acquired, 15.5 million square metres of additional earth reserves were added, with an endogenous increase in quality, with priority given to core high-quality cities such as Shanghai, Shenzhen and Nanjing, and to land prices in the defined “30 City of Power” around regional focus and deep urban cultivation.
It is a matter of concern that the company has maintained a multi-channel approach to the development of the new areas, the new station, the Wuhan Dragon, etc., and has acquired a total of 9 projects throughout the year in connection with the production of the city, replenishing the earth with approximately 2.15 million square metres; and collecting and collecting the sum of the proceeds.
In the area of purchase and urban renewal, sustained efforts have been made to obtain 12 M & As projects; 14 old conversion projects have been excluded, and a fund of 80 billion yuan has been set up with the relevant authorities in Shanghai City.
Medium-term instruments, with nominal interest rates on home-owned bonds, have repeatedly set down low interest rates for near-term periods. Companies control financing costs through multiple channels, and the financing environment has continued to improve since the last four quarters, at a combined annual cost of 4.48%.
Investment proposals: company sales growth industry leads, financing advantages are clear, development goes hand in hand with operations, and there is a large amount of good soil.
Figure 5: Merchant profit margins by quarter, 2021 The size of the commercial snake sales and the same level of commitment to produce this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has passed.
It has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of the present report. The Institute has been mainly engaged in research in the real estate sector and related upstream and downstream chains.