Company review report  Real estate industry under pressure, sales double-digit growth, taking the lead in business snakes (001979.sz)
Events: The company released its 2021 performance report. Throughout 2021, the company expected to achieve its goals, Wang Quixiang's carry-over, leading to growth in operating income, a decline in the Māori rate and a decline in investment returns.
Millions of yuan, an increase of 23.93 per cent in the same year; total profits of 22,843 million yuan, a decrease in the same year; and rapid growth in operating income, mainly in the area where the project was completed and carried forward, resulting in an increase in carrying-over income from real estate operations.
Under the influence of the downside of the market, there was a decrease in the rate of carry-over of real estate operations from year to year; 2) net annual return of 3.45 billion yuan; 3) reduced return on investment, and corporate transfer of subsidiaries generated a decrease of 2,445 million yuan from year to year, resulting in a decrease in the net return of mothers from year to year.
Two hundred and forty-nine million yuan. Quarterlyly, the operating profit rate was downv in 2021, slightly rebounded and gradually stabilized since the second quarter, and as of the fourth quarter, the operating profit rate had maintained a double-digit growth in sales volume and a strong industry leader.
The Division's sales were ranked seventh in the Crea list for the year, up by three from the previous year. Under the influence of the downside of the market, the merchants did not meet their sales target of $330 billion at the beginning of the year, but the company was still at the top of the industry, increasing the size and value of the sales year.
The land market has shifted from heat to cold, and the number of new land added to the company has changed slightly this year, in the first half of the year.
There were 63 land acquisitions using diversified forms of investment, while the second half of the year saw a slight slowdown in land investment and 49 land acquisitions. Overall, the company took more land in the current year than other housing companies, adding 15.51 million square metres of land in storage throughout the year, a decrease of 4.54 per cent over the same year;
Urban deep-landing, priority for high-level core cities, with investments in economically developed areas along the eastern coast, or at the heart of urban or urban development in the interior capital of the central and western provinces, short-term financing vouchers to meet the financing needs of their operations.
Medium-term instruments, both of which contain two types of three- and five-year distribution scale Investment proposals: corporate sales growth industry leads, financing advantages are clear, development goes hand in hand with operations, a large number of quality divisions perform over time, and a “recommended” rating is maintained.
Figure 1: Merchant Combines ' operating income and the same rate of increase, Figure 2: Total Combines ' profits and same rate of increase, Figure 3: Merchant Combines ' net profits and the same rate of increase attributable to shareholders in listed companies
Figure 5: Merchant profit margins by quarter, 2021 The size of the commercial snake sales and the same level of commitment to produce this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has passed.
It has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of the present report. The Institute has been mainly engaged in research in the real estate sector and related upstream and downstream chains.