\triangleright 10/04/04/04
Autonomy continues to spread to the new air. The new energy source continues to accelerate. \Trangleright \Trangleright, March 2024, combined, sold 34,000 vehicles, 23.8% of the total, and accounted for the monthly sales of the group.
18.7%; of these, wide-voltage magnifying, with 33,000 in March. The mpv family sells 15,000 vehicles, i.e. + 6.0% of the same year, and is in the top position in the Chinese market. We believe that the mpv market will remain magnified in 2024, and the pmv series is expected to continue to perform well, driven by mpv products.
\triangleright 1. Broad Air Group (601238.sh) series IV: Automobile, year-on-year-21.7%. We believe that there is some pressure on the sales of joint ventures in the context of the trend towards self-empowerment.
In March 2024, Cammy 2. The Gas Group (601238.sh) series assessed the sales of the three flagship vehicles: Ri, Handa and Sena, which accounted for about 36% of the sales; and the three series of Yakaku, Shadow and Gear.
The strategy of accelerating internationalization is expected to bring about new growth. In terms of overseas market expansion, Hiroshima International was present in March, following the addition of 11 new distribution outlets in the Americas, including \triangleright, Panama, Chile, and Dominica, earlier this year.
In November, he signed a strategic collaboration with the Indomobil Group of Indonesia on 2 April.
The year 2023's one-quarter reporting point agreement marked the official entry into the largest car market in South-East Asia. We believe that the strategy for the sea is expected to be a big one. q1's performance is slightly lower than expected, and the point of self-defeating loss is imminent.
Investment proposals: The company, as the leader of a joint venture brand, is increasing its self-competitiveness, accelerating the replacement of fuel trucks with mixed and intelligent nuclear power. The continuous validation of Eyan's product power is expected to take off.
Figure 1: Single-month sales (vehicles) in Honda, Honda, 21-24. Figure 2: Single-month sales (vehicles) in Toyota, 21-24. Figure 3: Single-month sales (vehicles) in BW, 21-24.
Figure 4: Summary of data projections for corporate financial statements, wide gas eAnn single-month sales, 21-24
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.