Wide-bond group (601238.sh): Autonomy increases in revenue and market competition increases through broad-bond groups.
In recent days, the Volkswagen Group has published a 2023 report: in the reporting period, the Volkswagen Group achieved a revenue of 12,875,730.28 million.
As co-sponsors, such as the Group of Companies, the China Mechanical Industries Group and others, large State-owned holdings created by means of the initiative, increased revenue from the rapid growth in sales of the autonomous plate, but due to increased competition in the market, the Māori rate and the cost of the period
The main operations include the development, manufacture, and utilization of spare parts for cars, commercial cars, motorcycles, motor vehicles: in 2023, 480,003 vehicles were sold in wide-air EA, an increase of 77.02 per cent over the same period.
Sales and after-sale services, as well as imports and exports of automobile-related products 406,505 by car, 12.12 per cent higher than the corresponding 12.12 per cent increase in the total volume of large-scale autonomous sales Trade, car rental, second-hand vehicles, logistics, dismantling, capital
The large increase in the volume of autonomous block sales is responsible for the growth of consolidated accounts. However, the increase in revenue was less than regenerative, with car credits, finance leases, business factoring, and the increase in volume, which was associated with increased competition in the car market in 2023.
Higher fixed cost items, such as depreciation of fixed assets and amortization of intangible assets, such as depreciation of fixed assets in 2023 + presentation of debt and cross-equity: Total amortization of intangible assets of $5.93 billion (pre-valued $6.27 billion) with an increase in sales of autonomous plates
As a result of increased competition in the automotive sector, corporate business policy and increased market promotion have not improved profitability significantly. Investment returns have fallen, Mitsubishi has been restructured, and joint ventures have been light-loaded.
One vehicle, 5.47 per cent lower than the previous year, with a 6.52 per cent drop in revenue. Hiro Honda sold 640,466, 13.66 per cent lower than the previous year, with a 18.75 per cent decline in revenue. Increased competition in the market led to a fall in the price of the two fields. We believe that, with the completion of the restructuring of Hiroshima Mitsubishi, the two fields still have an advantage in the fuel and hybrid vehicles and are expected to remain public.
Repurchases and dividends: the company issues the Public Notice of the Volkswagen Group on the Repurchase of Shares by way of Central Competitive Transactions, where the company will buy back shares a and h, a share of which will be used for the equity incentive scheme or for the employee’s shareholding.
The repurchase program highlights the company’s confidence in future development. At the same time, the corporate department issues the Broad Gas Group Share-Share Return Plan (2024-2026) in cash every year.
The profits to be distributed should be no less than 10% of the distributed profits realized in the current year, and the accumulated profits to be distributed in cash for three consecutive years should not be less than 30% of the annual profits to be distributed in that three-year period.
There are advantages, and we still look forward to the company’s medium- and long-term growth. But, as a result of increased competition in the automobile industry, we have lowered the company’s profit projections and recommended ratings. The company’s forecast of net profit returns in 2024-2026 is a source of financial prosperity in the East.
East Hing Securities Corporation (ECS) reported that the Volkswagen Group (601238.sh): the increase in the volume of autonomous sales has led to an increase in revenue, market competition has increased the burden of doing business, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
East Hing Securities Co. reported that the increase in the volume of autonomous sales has led to an increase in revenue, and market competition has increased the pressure on businesses.
Lee Kim Jin, Master of Management, Nankai University, with many years of research experience in automobiles and spare parts, was employed in the National Information Centre, the Great Wall Securities Centre, from 2009 to 2021.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
East Hing Securities Corporation (ECSC) reported that the Volkswagen Group (601238.sh): the increase in the volume of autonomous sales has led to an increase in revenue, and that competition in the market has increased the burden of doing business and does not guarantee that the information and advice contained in it will not change. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and the authors of the report, to the extent they know, are not legally prohibited from evaluating or recommending the securities or investment subject matter of this report.
If permitted by law, my company and the associated institutions to which it belongs may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.