Summary of events: company release of 2024q1 performance: wide gas 2024q1 gross operating income of $21.57 billion \triangleright
At the revenue end: 2024q1 gross operating income of $21.57 billion, the \triangleright joint brand has continued to exert pressure on the air.
\triangleright as compared to 21.7% of autonomous brands, with high-profile traffic, 2024q1 sales of 85,000 vehicles, i.e. +2.3% of the year, we believe that there is some pressure on the volume of joint ventures as a result of the self-empowerment trend, but that it is new.
1. Panchayat (601238.sh) series V: Autonomous energy continues to accelerate, and the distribution series is expected to perform well. 2. Panchayat (601238.sh) series IV: Autonomy
In terms of intelligence, the brain-smarting of the cockpit has produced remarkable results. In terms of intelligence, the wide gas launch of the triangleright plan of action for the `Grossai Large Modeling Platform', the `Big Star Electronics Architecture' and the `Big Air Network General Assembly'.
The data platform, which is based on three technological foundations, promotes rapid optimization of smart drivers and smart pods.
Focusing on deep collaborative research and development in a variety of fields, such as smart chassis, smart machine interaction and so on, it became the first ever ever ever ever ever ever to have a smooth and self-proclaimed joint venture sales of 2024/01/cars, suv, mpv, all of which will carry a new generation of smart technology, such as a dry and smart drive, the Hong Meng module, etc.
Brands, first-cars will be delivered on the market in the first quarter of 2025.
\triangleright \triangleright \ nuclear-driven replacement of the fuel truck. Continuous validation of the autonomous product is expected to take off. \triangleright \triangleright
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.