On 1 December, idc published the Third Quarter of 2017, China x86 Server Market Tracking Report, which shows that wave information captures the best market for the volume of goods and sales from the 86 servers.
\triangleright, according to the idc report: global server vendor revenue increased by 19.9% to $17 billion over the same period in 2017q3
United States dollars, of which 678,832 were delivered by Chinese x 86 servers, with sales valued at $2.82 billion (17.2 per cent) and China (16 per cent), the first three were ranked by sales volume as waves (21 per cent), China (17.7 per cent) and Dale (15.3 per cent). Of these, 131,322 were sold in three quarters, with sales valued at $593 million.
The company’s performance in the third quarter is consistent with our judgment about the corporate market’s strategy, and it is expected to continue to be good in the fourth quarter, with a recovery of $20 billion a year, net profit or high innovation. 2017h2 demand is released, public clouds and a high input belts and multiple nodes are growing.
207h1 is influenced by factors such as price increases for spare parts and procurement cycles, with the Internet sector growing by only 0.4 per cent on a year-on-year basis, starting with q3, stimulated by electricity industry factors such as “two-nil” and “two-thirty-two”, public cloud service providers gradually expanding infrastructure investment, and Internet giants such as bat substantially increasing the integration of their inputs.
These factors have led to the release of suppressed demand and the outbreak of industrial purchases. The Asia-Pacific region (excluding Japan) grew the fastest in the overall market for servers by geographical analysis, three seasons, with a 30.6% increase in the same year, with China and Japan growing by 23.9% and Japan by 8.5%, respectively, and the United States by 19.7%, driven by Internet demand.
Quarterly rack server, multi-node server sales increased by 27 per cent, 22.7 per cent, Wave Information City full class card-bitai arithmetic, jdm model for competitiveness and value enhancement Research assistant: Sun Qing
The year's boom in the industry led to an acceleration of the amphibious assay boom in gpu and fpga, and companies are now issuing a series of IA platform innovation products, including the highest performance density of 2u8gpu-agx-2, the development of a sr-ai whole cabinet programme for 100-degree customization, a flexible expansion of gpubox-gx4,
The fpga acceleration programme. According to official company data, as the largest producer of the ai server product line in the industry, the share of the i server sector is as high as 60%, and it accounts for 90% of the market share of the taier1 Internet operator, Bat et al.
1. Wave Information (000977), Research Brief: Wisdom, 4D Together to provide integrated solutions for users in the financial, government and other sectors, in the ai empowerment, calculation of track leaders, 4D layout of the arithmetic layer
The traditional industry process has a strong card edge. 2 and the jdm model enhances the competitiveness and value of the Internet sector.
(jdm) is a completely new model of the company ' s application landscape and business features for Internet operators, combining the two sides ' development, supply chain, and whole business chain of production to service delivery, nf5466m5 and i24 products based on the growth in the use of servers and the development of an i-news focus intelligence scheme
The jdm model is effective in increasing stickyness with large clients, industry competitions 2017100, 3, Wave Information (000977), company reviews:
The 100-degree launcher enhances the competition of the ai computing platform by 59x, 44x, and 34x, respectively. Based on the company’s advantage in the arithmetical layout, the Internet market is evident.
The field is expected to maintain high growth, with both income-side upgrading and cost-side control working, branding dominance increasing Māori rates, and a steady growth in overseas operations, maintaining a firm’s “highly recommended” rating. Internet demand is growing less than expected, technology research and development is less rapid, and product applications are slower.
The company’s financial statement data projections are summarized as follows: head of the tmt group. Doctor of Management, People’s University of China.
Sun Xiang, Associate Research in the Computer Industry. B.A., University of Electronics and Technology, Master of Finance, Shandong University; two years of experience in software development and implementation, in 2017 the author of the Association of Chinese Securities Industry, with the qualification or considerable professional competence to offer securities investment advice, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels, and the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, through reasonable judgement and conclusion, objectivity, impartiality, and the conclusion is not subject to any third party's approval or influence.