Wave information (000977.sz) Computer/computer equipment q3 revenue has increased significantly, continuing to improve the layout of the ai computing field - wave information is reported for three seasons
In the evening of October 27, 2017, the wave information was released in three quarters and the company achieved $16,581 million in revenue in the first three quarters, an increase of 85.91 per cent in comparison with the previous quarter, a net profit of $252 million to the mother, a decrease in income of q3 and a decline in the Māori rate.
q3 income increased by 143.25%. Company q3 realized revenue of $7,481 million, which was higher than the previous six months.
The rise in the cost of storage and ssd hard drives also has some impact on corporate income (and also on the Māori rate). q1-q3 deductible net parent profit of $181 million, an increase of 30.54 per cent over the same period, of which q3 deductibles are due mainly to the impact of investment earnings from the disposal of shares in Port East during the same period last year.
According to data from idc, the q1 wave x 86 servers were sold first in China City in 2017, and the market share at the high end of roads 4 and 8 was ranked first.
The market share in the area of calculation is over 60%, supported by the computational power of a number of well-known ii-related companies such as 100 degrees, Alibaba, Tseng, Chihu, Flying Science and Technology, and Face++. At abcsummit of 2017 degrees of cloud wisdom, Wave Information is published on abc-one.
On 8 September, the United ibm announced that a joint venture would be established with ibm (China) and that the joint venture division would develop, produce, and sell servers based on open power technologies.
ibm small machine structure with the characteristics of Goras (relibilityavailability, serviceability, high availability, high service), the joint venture power server is expected to bring in a daily report.
Double, Caffe-mpi upgrades the ai server in parallel, company x86 has the highest sales value in the country, the highest-end segment market, the market share in the area of human intelligence computing exceeds 60%, taking into account the downstream market demand of artificial intelligence.
Together, ibm develops Power Servers, core competitions, continuous enhancement of x86 server taps, secure layout arithmetic.