The same rate is lower in the field of dynamic artificial intelligence in information technology, hardware and equipment Events: 3-quarter reports issued by the company in recent days in 2017 and 165.8 operating income achieved in the previous three quarters
The net return to the mother was $181 million, an increase of 30.54 per cent in the same year. In the third quarter, the income from the business was $7.48 billion, an increase of 143.25 per cent in the same year. In the third quarter, the net return to the mother was $106 million, a rapid increase in the same year.
Corporate management costs for the first three quarters were 4.12 per cent, a decrease of 1.76 percentage points from the same period last year, sales costs were 3.53 per cent, a decrease of 0.97 percentage points from last year, and financial costs were reduced by the same period by 2.79 percentage points, while the cost of company fees was significantly reduced during the same period.
In the field of dynamic artificial intelligence, working with ibm into the market of power servers: in the field of capital/flow (million shares) intelligence, companies invest heavily, and in the field of hardware, a series of global leaders have been released this year.
i Servers with total market value/flow (millions) and "ai supercomputer" agx-2; for software, maximum/minimum depth of 12 months
Learning framework caffe-mpi open source, optimizes learning framework improvements and enhances end-user experiences with developers. In storage, companies publish smart memory g2 platforms to achieve the data' "Small Wave Information (000977), Wave and ibm"
Sensitivity, intelligent architecture, intelligent management, and helping to digitalize business users. A new joint venture to co-operate in the dissemination of power server products helps improve companies’ long-term competitiveness.
The company formed a joint venture with ibm to develop, produce and market open power wave information (000977), a server with no technology for new products, which helps the company to upgrade its market influence in high-end servers.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report