\triangleright, \triangleright \
1. Server operations have continued to improve, with revenues exceeding 140% in the same year. Following the 55% increase in server operations in the first half of the year, they have continued to grow in three quarters, driving an overall increase of about 86% in the first three quarters of the year. The first three quarters of this year, the harvests were about 30% higher than in 2016.
The first positive growth and improved performance in the last four quarters, compared with the trend of 300 depths, is evident on the one hand, because of the upgrading of market space in the server industry and a market-based marketing strategy. On the other hand, server harvests are fast.
Growth, on the other hand, is almost the same as in the first half of the year, leading to higher net profits. The third quarter of this year is expected to benefit from cloud computing and industry concentration, and the top-end server market is expected to be stable at the first level throughout the year. Three quarters of these are expected to take over on a stable basis, based on data from the first half of the year.
The latest data from the server market show that the market for company servers in the first half of 2017 was 19%, 4 roads and above x 86 shares were 21.6%, and the share of servers on 8 routes and above was 42%, all of which were market first. Companies continued to operate in Internet customer markets, such as Bat, and as the company’s market was in the lead, it was the first to do so.
The profits from the follow-up operations have been set in motion.2 The domestic market has grown best, and the market catalysts for industrial concentration and cloud computing are evident. (1) From the market space for service providers, China is the world’s best growing market, with absolute increases exceeding the world for many years in a row.
Research assistant: sum of growth in the other countries of Sun Yeong Liang market. According to idc, China ' s share in the global market in 2013 was 25 per cent, rising to 30 per cent in 2016; (2) in terms of industry trends, traditional industry information construction has gradually shifted.
Based on existing system integration connectivity, an increasing number of mega-scale information systems require large x86 server systems of 8 routes and above, sales of large x86 servers of 8 routes and above have increased by 1.34 times over the past five years, and industry concentration will drive the continued growth of high-end server markets: (3) cloud computing markets (in particular)
It is a private cloud that has become a new pole of growth, and private cloud construction by industry users has tended to be a four-way server with a clear lead in performance, availability, and wave information (000977).
100-degree distribution of one machine, enhanced competition for the one computing platform, release of new artificial intelligence products, the largest one computing device provider, 20170919.
Focus on cbd, leaders of future intelligence calculations. (1) At the beginning of 2017, the company proposed a long-term overall development strategy based on smart calculations as a core, full-scale marches c. (correspondent), b. (big data) and d. (A.I. 2, Wave Information (000977), company reviews: services.
Area: (2) Together with the big players in the industry up and down, releasing new artificial intelligence products and taking over the smart meter for the first 15-quarters, m5-on-one re-assistance. At the September conference in England Weidagtc, the company displayed a full-line ai production based on gpu technology.
Goods and programmes, first delivered to domestic clients the built-in teslav100, super-calculator based on the Nvidiahgx reference frame - agx-2; joint 100-degree release of abc one, covering a diverse platform such as sr-ai ' s entire cabinet, agx-2, gx4; and (3) a global leader in the ai computing array.
These include ngf5280m5, agx-2, nf6248 flight rack gpu/knl servers and fpga cards, as well as box for the accelerated computing of innovative platforms such as gx4 and sr-ai whole cabinet servers, which became the largest provider of ai computing equipment in the country.
iii. Profit forecasts and investment proposals are 48x, 42x, and 32x, respectively. Based on the future, the resource market space is huge, and corporate-wide server markets are becoming more competitive; the implementation of the i strategy is less advanced than expected; and there are overseas business expansion risks.
The company’s financial statement data projections are summarized as follows: head of the tmt group. Doctor of Management, People’s University of China.
Sun Xiang, Associate Research in the Computer Industry. B.A., University of Electronics and Technology, Master of Finance, Shandong University; two years of experience in software development and implementation, in 2017 the author of the Association of Chinese Securities Industry, with the qualification or considerable professional competence to offer securities investment advice, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels, and the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, through reasonable judgement and conclusion, objectivity, impartiality, and the conclusion is not subject to any third party's approval or influence.