Wally Group (300.979): Low orders have been ordered by Wally Group incident: company disclosure 2023 annual report and one quarterly report 2024: company operating revenue approximation 2023
Sold, the world's leading professional shoe manufacturer, mainly Nike, Converse, vans, Puma, and ug, whose revenues were resilient at a price supplement in 2023, have turned up in four quarters, and this year, first.
The world's famous sports brands provide development design and manufacturing services. Quarterly expectations are high. In 2023, income was more or less resilient under industry pressure, with prices split and companies co-located in Vietnam, China, Dominica, Myanmar, etc.
In 23 years, companies sold 190 million pairs of sneakers, corresponding to 13,85 per cent of the year, with an average unit price in United States dollars, with 20 shoe factories operating at the same price, representing a modest increase of 8.71 per cent worldwide, with price increases compensating for the decline in sales.
One of the more than 100 million pairs of professional manufacturers of sneakers has declined. Companies have been growing more sticky with their major customers and expanding their new customers, guaranteeing a resilient corporate profit margin in 2023, good corporate cost control, 24q1 profit margin innovation.
The Māori rate has been affected by a larger single drop, and the Māori rate has gradually recovered as orders and capacity utilization have recovered, while cost controls have been put in place, and the Māori rate has declined in 23 years q4 operating profit margins, but the Māori ring ratio has increased slightly. The change in exchange rate fluctuations and gains on exchange rates has been the main cause of the change in net profit margins.
Twenty-fourq1 orders were turned around, and capacity utilization increased, with a single-quarter Māori rate of 28.37 per cent and a net interest rate of 16.53 per cent, bringing about a high profit rate in the next five years. Corporate profit margins were generally robust, demonstrating good cost control and cost control at the heart of the manufacturing chain.
In 2023, the company spent RMB 1,155 million on production capacity. In the first half of 2024, the company projected two new factories in Viet Nam (one of the finished shoe factories and one of the semi-finished ones, such as shoe-surfaces and soles) and a new factory in Indonesia.
At the industry level, the major sports brands go to stock, and the supplier's repossessing orders are positive.
At the corporate level, Wally's strength as a core supplier is prominent, looking back at the company's performance as a combination of the release of capacity and an increase in the volume of new clients' orders.
The source of the wealth and wisdom of the East, Liu Tanda, Chang-jae.
The direction of research, such as loading, e-smoking, and the direction of research in light-working consumption.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports Wally Group (300,979): orders have gone down, picked up again in 2024, and there is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points and conclusions in the text are clear.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and the authors of the report, to the extent they know, are not legally prohibited from evaluating or recommending the securities or investment subject matter of this report.
If permitted by law, my company and the associated institutions to which it belongs may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.