Quarterly review in 2024: New and old clients with strong internal management and high performance expectations + 5.03 pct to 28.37% Mäori ratio driven by increased production efficiency, with the RMB increasing faster than the RMB calibre.
The United States dollar is largely the result of the devaluation of the renminbi exchange rate. 24q1 high income growth is driven by old clients going to the bank to close + the growth of new customer orders + the low base for the same period. 24q1 company revenue has grown rapidly, and we believe that it is due to three factors.
Lead: one major customer returns the bill after he's gone to the library, where we expect the first five clients to grow faster; two new clients (e.g., Arthur, newballance, sharp) orders to grow more strongly, with the top five top clients contributing more income in 2023 than the top five.
This is expected to continue; the delay in the arrival of some of the 323q1 clients during the same period resulted in a significant increase in the Māori rate, a small increase in the cost rate and a significant increase in the net profit rate. 1) Māori: Increased efficiency. 24q1 was newly invested in two new plants in Viet Nam and Indonesia, bringing together new employee contracts.
As a result of the streamlining of the number of former plants, the number of deliveries increased by double digits, reflecting a significant increase in productivity of employees under the company ' s enhanced management.
Wally Group (300979): 23-year tri-quarter reporting usage: 24q1 year-on-year +0.75 pct to 7.42 per cent, of which the administrative cost ratio is the same +1.8 pct to rating: o3 sales have decreased by a narrow margin and net interest rates are stable
5.18 per cent, mainly due to a better performance of 24q1 and an increase in pay for performance. 3) Net return to the mother.
Recovering orders after the end of the banking cycle for overseas clients and maintaining strong growth momentum for new clients, reduced revenue of o2s, control fees and exchange rate gains, and achieving a rapid recovery, accompanied by a significant increase in the Māori rate, driven by improved internal management
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.