Wally Group (300979.sz) 30 per cent increase in revenue during the quarter and significant increase in net interest rates for Māori
In the second half of 2023, with the normal stock level of downstream sports brands, company orders resumed positive growth in the fourth quarter of 2023, and the growth of orders and revenues increased further in the first quarter of 2024.
Compared to +30.2 to 4.76 billion yuan, income growth is driven largely by a combination of price gains; the recovery of net profit and capacity utilization, the increase in plant efficiency and the increase in the Māori rate and net interest rate. Benefiting from fast resumption of orders, increased capacity utilization, and improved management within companies, improved plant efficiency, 2024
The utilization rate increased by 0.7 to 7.4 per cent over the same period, mainly as a result of a 1.8 per cent increase in management costs, mainly due to performance pay increases in the first quarter, and net interest rates are expected to fall slightly over the next few quarters as new plants in Viet Nam and Indonesia start operating.
Quarter-to-quarter prices have increased significantly, and production capacity is on schedule. According to splitting prices, companies have shrunk in one quarter, four quarters are moving towards medium-unit growth, sales have increased significantly in the first quarter of this year, companies have continued to build productive capacity, and new finished shoe factories have been built in Viet Nam as of the reporting date.
International brands are at the end of the inventory, and monthly receipts by Chinese and Chinese workers are positive. After about one year of stocking, the company’s core clients are more visible in the third to fourth quarters of 2023.
Health levels for the same period of the year. The monthly harvests for each of the company’s employees were positive, while the annual rates for the sports shoe industry were +3% and –1% for the first quarter of the year, respectively, and the rings were significant compared to the previous quarter.
Wally Group (300979.sz) - Quantum Driven by Co-Facilitation, four-quarter revenue is expected to be in line with Wally Group (300979.sz) - Third-quarter net profit decline of 6%, Māori recovery.
Wally Group (300979.sz) - Core sports brand suppliers, driven by the expansion of shares
During the second half of 2023, the stock utilization rate resumed with downstream sports brands, plant efficiency gains led to Māori rates and net interest rates. It benefited from a rapid resumption of orders, an increase in capacity utilization, and improvements in company internal management, plant efficiency, first quarter of 2024.
Up to 7.4 per cent, mainly affected by the 1.8 percentage point increase in the management cost rate, the increase in management costs is mainly due to the increase in the performance pay billed by better performing companies in the first quarter. Net interest rates rose by 3.4 per cent to 16.5 per cent over the same period, reaching similarly high levels in history, with new plants in Viet Nam and Indonesia starting production in the next few quarters.
Figure 4: Cost rates for the company ' s quarterly period have increased significantly in terms of volume and volume, and production is on schedule. The split volume price shows that the company sold 46 million pairs of moving shoes in one quarter, compared to 18.4 per cent in the previous quarter, and sales have declined from the first quarter of 2023 to a narrow season, with four.
Quarterly shifts are on track to medium-sized unit growth, with a marked increase in sales during the first quarter of this year; the unit price is approximately $104.4 per unit, the company’s capacity is on schedule and, according to the order plan, the company continues to build its capacity. As of the date of the report’s disclosure, the new finished shoe factory has started small-scale production in Hong Kong, Viet Nam, and Shicheon, Indonesia (phase I).
Industry: International branding is at the end of the inventory, corporate peer-to-work monthly improvements are at the end of the bank. Core brand clients are at the end of the bank: from Nike, deeckers, vf, puma, ua stock, about a year of stocking, five brands are at the top of the list in the third to fourth quarters of 2023.
The fourth quarter sales ratio of nike and deeckers has fallen to health levels close to the same period in 2019. The monthly harvests of Chinese industrial workers have been positive: Fontai, a major sports shoe factory, and Xu Yuan, a dollar-caliber camp, with revenues of +3% and -1%, respectively, a significant improvement over the previous quarter.
Investment Recommendations: Downstream branding improves to watch follow-up orders warmer and output expansion support performance growth
In recent years, companies have continued to demonstrate the logic of share growth, regardless of the demand profile of the industry. Short-term stocking with downstream brand clients, with firm orders and performance growth in 2024. Medium- and long-term growth with certainty, expands the capacity of companies to restore future demand.
The valuation is expected to rise back to the pre-epidemiological head-movement 25x valuation hub. The expansion of capacity is not as expected, the process of de-stocking is not as predictable, and the international political economy is at risk.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject