Large machine ratios continued to rise, income showed resilience, net profits of $1.720 billion (yoy+11.19 per cent), net cash flows from operating activities of $1,356 million (yoy-4.36 per cent), operating income of $1,225 million (yoy+10.12 per cent) from 2025q1
In 2024, companies showed resilience to growth. Subregionally, in domestic markets, companies continue to sell to large customers.
Tsao Jialine has continued to expand the large-scale medical terminal, increasing the coverage of level-III hospitals and achieving operating income in the country
Thanks to the growth in the number of large company aircraft installed, the steady increase in reagent consumption, the increase in domestic reagent operations by 9.87 per cent in the same year, and the fact that in foreign markets, companies have built up significant overseas branding advantages, and the share of medium-sized large aircraft has progressed well, up to the point where the ratio has risen to 9.87 per cent in the same year.
67.16. The client structure continues to evolve in a high-quality direction, contributing to the quantitative improvement of overseas operations, with foreign revenues of $1,686 million (yoy+27.60 per cent), with reagent operations increasing by 26.47 per cent, and the synergy of instrument plus reagents becoming increasingly evident, we believe, as overseas locals move abroad.
It is expected that the number of stacked instruments will continue to rise, that the consumption of reagents will continue to increase, and that the growth of operations will continue. Technology will continue to improve, the product matrix will continue to improve, and the overall solution provider will be built into the laboratory 2024.
In the field of lighting, the company ' s high-speed chemical luminous immunology analyser has gained market recognition, and sales have increased continuously, with a cumulative capacity of 3701 machines.
The new generation of x10 series has been registered in the country, and the product continues to show promise to enhance the competitiveness of the Department in high-end lighting. In addition, the company has developed an open, fully autonomous, fully automated sample processing system, full-laboratory automated water flow lines, t8 and intelligently.
The lab platform is already on the market, of which the first year of t8 was on the market, it achieved 87 global loadings, demonstrating the competitive power of the company's running water line products, and we believe that with the firm's steady growth from overseas, the large aircraft will continue.
Robust nucleic acid detection and analysis system r8, full automated biochemical analyser c10 marketed, product matrix perfected, and company capacity to deliver in the overall laboratory solution area expected to continue to improve. Large-scale power ratios continue to increase, and support performance is robust.
The performance continues to grow, with large machine-assisted reagents released by Sinda Securities Co. Ltd. cindasecuritiesco., Ltd.
Risk factors: Market demand has not risen as much as expected: product research and development has not progressed as expected: market competition.
In 2023, we joined the Cadastre in charge of research in areas such as medical equipment, in vitro diagnosis, and icl. In 2023, we joined the Cadastre, covering mainly Chinese medicine, pharmaceutical & pharmaceutical stores, and vaccines.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.