The year 2024 was up to expectations, the offshore market was on the move, the new industry (300832.sz) was up to expectations for the year 2024, the overseas revenue continued to be released and the “buy-in” rating maintained.
Continuing steady growth, operating cash flow volatility is an upgrade of the erp system and delays in the payment process. As a result of the rising share of overseas operations in the country, large- and medium-scale instrument-loading ratios are driving up the Māori slope, and competition for cutting-edge products is expected to drive higher market penetration and maintain a “buy-in” rating.
• Co-development of instrument reagents and product competitiveness
In 2024, a higher flux x 10 was introduced, with a detection rate of 1,000 t/h. The company's product matrix gradient was configured to meet the non-required 30-carrying chemical luminescence, a national product replacement and customer requirements, with a steady increase in loading capacity, and the domestic market completed a fully automated chemical luminator in 2024.
1641, with a ratio of 74.65 per cent for large-scale aircraft, the number of level-III hospitals served by corporate products in 2024 reached the number of generations + sea leaders - company first-cover reports. To 1732 hospitals, coverage of level-III hospitals was 44.93 per cent, high-end markets were increasing and reagents were driven.
Reagents. The company is one of the most comprehensive chemical luminous producers in the industry, with a continuous increase in reagent types and a successful construction of a small molecular kernel technology platform with superior reagent performance.
• The offshore market continued to thrive, with horizontal expansion of the ivd business sector 1.684 billion yuan (yoy+27.67%) in 2024, up to 37%. The offshore market was fast-loaded, with 4017 fully automated chemical luminescence devices sold by companies in 2024, well over the same period.
Incoming capacity. Optimized machine structure, with 67.16 per cent of large-scale offshore instruments installed (+3.82 pct), is expected to create branches in priority countries to enhance localization and localization. Overseas business risks are more resilient, with the US collecting less than 0.1 per cent of overseas revenues in 2024, and tariff risks have a minor impact.
The company ' s horizontal expansion of the ivd has led to the introduction of the self-research water line satlarst8 and the integration of five main areas: biochemistry, immunisation, molecules, condensation, etc., leading to the development of intelligent laboratory system solutions and the construction of reagent procurement mounds.