The growth in high-end products was significant, with q4 earning 1,121 million yuan in the quarter (+9.75 per cent of the year); net profit from the repatriation of 445 million yuan, which led to a sustained deepening of the global strategy and a quantitative upscaling of overseas operations.
It was developed in conjunction with a large and medium-sized client with a total of 4017 chemical luminescence analysers sold in overseas markets during the reporting period, raising the ratio of medium-sized high-end machines to 67.16 per cent.
The synergies of +Reagents are gaining prominence; after many years of global farming, companies have built a significant overseas brand advantage. The international influence of the snibe brand has continued to rise through a two-wheel drive of “regionalization operations + localization of deep farming”: building a global network of expert resources to facilitate technology exchange; and
On the one hand, the innovative implementation of the “market-sale-market-business” four-tier regional management model has resulted in seamless synergies between front-end sales and back-end services, with further client satisfaction. To date, companies have established operating systems in 14 core countries, and localized branches are becoming
A powerful engine for regional business growth.  The high-end product load continues to grow, leading to Māori uplifting. Flagship model Maglumix8 leads. New Industries (300832); 2024 Quarterly Review:
Markets, high flux solutions for large medical terminals such as level III hospitals, high-speed chemistry, stable growth overseas, high-end Māori products, steady growth in sales of luminous immunology analyser maglumix8 in 2024, new year worldwide.
1048 additional sales/loading units. In 2024, the aircraft had a cumulative capacity of 3701, with continuous maintenance, the entire laboratory automated water line was successfully marketed in June 2024, and the first year of listing was global New Industries (300832); 2024 semi-annual reports:
The ratio of sales of X-series and medium-sized chemical luminous instruments to higher-end Māori products, which remain stable abroad, has increased the Māori rate of corporate instrument products to 29.82%; this is particularly dramatic in overseas markets.
The increase in reagent revenues has slowed, but domestic and foreign reagent Māori rates have remained stable by optimizing production costs and supply chain efficiency. The faster growth in corporate instrument revenue has affected the combined Māori rate of the main business slightly reduced and integrated.
The Māori rate is 72.26 per cent, and the Division is expected to maintain a high rate of growth and a “buy-in” rating in the future.
Three major financial forecasting tables for the new industry: Toshio Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.