Disparity of domestic and foreign market performance and continuous optimization of client structure New industry (stock code: 300832)
Events: Companies issue annual reports for 2024 and first quarterly reports for 2025. Business harvests were achieved in 2024 □ chingpei_yj@chinastock.com.cn, a fully-owned subsidiary of Indonesia, Malaysia, Thailand, established and established the office in Hanoi, Viet Nam.
Operating systems have been put in place in 14 core countries, with sales revenue exceeding $200 million in 2024 in the Indian market. Operating cash flows have declined significantly in the same year, mainly due to company upgrades of the erp system at the end of 2024, which delayed payment of accounts payable in December 2024 until January 2025 owing to the suspension of the payment process during the conversion period.
High-speed and flow-line installed machines are working well and the global client structure continues to be optimized. 1) 2024: 1,641 chemical luminators completed in the domestic market in the company country, of which 74.65 per cent were large, 1,732 tertiary-level hospitals with product service coverage as of the end of 2024, with 44.93 per cent coverage abroad;
A total of 4,017 chemical luminescent immune analysers were marketed, with 67.16 per cent of the medium-sized high-end machines and further optimization of the client structure. In 2024, the company’s high-speed machine, Maglumix8, was stable in sales, and its self-researched satlarst8 automated water flow line was successfully marketed in June 2024.
A total of 87 global loadings were achieved in 2024, and a total of 112 were installed/saled on home-grown and external co-operative water lines.) 2025q1: high-speed chemical luminous immuno-analyst in the domestic and foreign markets resulted in 303 sales/loading machines and 39 sales/loading of satlarst8 waterlines.
Investment proposals: The company is a national chemical luminous leader, with high-end domestic and foreign aircraft and water lines continuously installed, leading to a high rate of reagent growth. Given the domestic policy of inter-provincial union gathering, the company’s industry is advanced.
(b) 2. [Galaxy] company review - new industry (300832): First, quarterly performance is up to expectations and growth abroad is better;
(a) The risk of less than anticipated reagents, increased competition in the industry, lower than anticipated number of domestic and overseas aircraft installed, 3. [Galactic Medicines] company review - new industry (300832): industry performance meets expectations and domestic and foreign operations continue to grow at a high rate;
4. [Galaxy] company review _ new industry (300832): industry performed slightly better than expected and continued high domestic and foreign growth; [Galactic medicine] company review _ new industry (300832): instrument
I am committed to producing this report in a diligent, independent and objective manner, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
Monxie, a Master of Quantities in Finance from the National University of Singapore, joined the China Galaxy Securities Institute in 2022, mainly for research in the pharmaceutical sector. This report is provided to its clients by China Galaxy Securities Inc. (hereinafter referred to as Galaxy securities).
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to clients for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, but do not represent a sale, subscription or other financial instrument, but do not guarantee its accuracy or integrity.