Overseas operations have become a core growth driver, and the flow line has begun to be bulk-loaded, and entry has remained steady. In the first quarter of 2025, companies achieved revenues of $1,125 million (+10.1 per cent), while the return net profit was $438 million (+2.6 per cent) and continued to perform well among their counterparts.
Overseas operations have become a core growth driver, with the current line starting to be a bulk loader. In 2024, domestic revenue was 28.43, of which large machines accounted for 74.65 per cent, with companies continuing the marketing strategy of large clients and continuing to increase reagent sales through large-scale instruments such as x 8, x 6 and t8, thereby contributing to a steady increase in reagent sales.
26.47 per cent long; overseas sales of 4,017 luminators, with 67.16 per cent of medium-sized high-end machines, have built up a significant overseas branding advantage, maintaining a high growth rate in overseas operations through “regionalization + localization” double-wheels, which is 27.03 per cent faster than the previous year.
The first year of global installation of 87, with 2501 sales/loading of 39, is expected to be due mainly to a decline in the share of reagent revenue. Investment proposal: steady progress in domestic and foreign instrumentation in 2024, continued optimization of the installation structure and autonomy
New Industries (300832.sz) - Revenues increased by 15% on a year-on-year basis in the three quarters alone, overseas operations, t8 stream of water development, promising to lead companies to break through more large medical terminals in the country, and overseas reagents to maintain a positive growth trend. The company’s instrument platform has been upgraded to the next generation of high-speed chemistry.
New Industries (300832.sz) - 21% increase in the same year for the single quarter, t8 luminous and biochemistry, and forward-looking layout molecules and condensation operations, with company platforming advantages that will continue to be highlighted New Industries (300832.sz) 29% increase in the same year for the 2023 season, overseas reagent collection
New Industries (300832.sz) - The net profit from maternity in the three quarters alone increased by 23% over the same period, Sea Risks: Geopolitics Risks: The Risk of New Business Areas Unexpanding As Expected. Corporate Revenues have remained robust against the background of chemical luminous industries and peer growth pressures.
The company achieved a revenue of 1,125 million (+10.1 per cent) and a net return of 438 million (+2.6 per cent) and continued to perform well in the Department of Industry and Commerce.
In the context of the comprehensive landing of the treatment terminal drg/dip payment reform and the general pressure on reagent prices caused by the inter-provincial union collection, the company continued its large-client marketing strategy by continuously expanding the coverage of third-level hospital clients through large instruments such as x 8, x 6 and t8 and promoting a steady increase in reagent sales.
Reagent revenues grew by 26.47% on a year-on-year basis, driven by the continuous upswing in instrument loads; 4,017 luminometers were sold overseas, with the share of medium-sized high-end machines rising to 67.16%, and companies have built significant overseas branding excellence. Through the two-wheel drive of "Regionalization + Localization Deep Farming", companies strategically promoted priority market penetration.
In 2024, Indonesia, Malaysia, Thailand completed the establishment of its wholly-owned subsidiaries and the establishment of its Hanoi office in Viet Nam; in early 2025, it successfully landed in Korea, where the company had established its operating system in 14 core countries. In the Indian market, for example, a well-established agency was established through seven years of deep-cultivation operations and diversified channels.
Networks, the development of a mature end-market system, with Indian market sales revenue exceeding $200 million in 2024, mark a new phase in the expansion of overseas operations from the region to deep-seated operations. In the first quarter of 2025, domestic operations began to be mass-loaded by inter-provincial currents. High-speed luminometers x 8 grew steadily in 2024, adding sales/loaders.
1,048, with a cumulative load of 3,701, continue to consolidate the company’s leading position in the field of high-end chemical light. The company’s autonomous t8-wide automated laboratory waterline was marketed successfully in June 2024, with the first year of global loading, with the company’s own production and external cooperation in 2024.
During the first quarter of the year, 303 sales/loading units were achieved, t8 stream lines were sold/mounted to 39 items, large equipment was installed on a similar scale, and the Māori rate for corporate instrument products was raised to 29.82 per cent (+0.24 pp), with a particularly strong off-shore market performance, with Māori for instruments rising to 40.79 per cent; and the testing was influenced by the deepening of domestic collection policies.
The growth in agent income slowed, but the domestic and foreign reagent Māori ratio remained stable by optimizing production costs and supply chain efficiency, with a significant decline in operating cash flows in the first quarter of 2025, owing to one-time causes. Net cash flows from corporate operations in 2024 amounted to $1.36 billion, a decline of 4.36 per cent compared to the previous period, and net operating cash flows and homecoming net gains in 2024.
In terms of instrument development, the company's higher flux of 1,000 velocity x 10 luminometers and 2000 velocity c10 biochemistry was released in early 2024.
In 2024, the Department developed an open and fully automated sample processing system with fully autonomous intellectual property rights,satlarst8 and smart laboratory platform ixlab was officially listed to meet a variety of laboratory testing needs and space requirements, and assisted clinical testing is intelligent and standardized.
In the areas of hormones, drug monitoring, and so on, the company has completed five years of building a research and development platform on small molecular kernel techniques that has effectively addressed the vulnerability, inaccuracies, of current clinical tests. At present, the company has 12 small molecular eccentric reagents projects that have been certified as domestic medical instruments.
Investment proposals: In 2024, the installation of domestic and foreign instruments was steadily advanced, the installation structure continued to be optimized, the self-researched listing of the t8 stream of water was expected to lead companies to break through more large medical terminals in the country, and the reagents abroad were growing well. The company’s instrument platform was upgraded to the next generation of high-speed chemical luminators and biochemists, and the forward-looking layouts were developed.
Moleculars and condensation, where the power of the company to form a platform will continue to be highlighted. Considering the policy implications of gathering, etc., a downward adjustment is provided in table 2: Comparable corporate valuation tables. Authors ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author