Investment bank advantages expanded and profit growth exceeded expectations: China-China announced its semi-annual report for 2020, yielding operating income of $9.9 billion, or +67.63 per cent of the year. The net return to the mother was $4.578 billion, or +96.54 per cent of the year.
At the end of the asset end, the 2020h1 financial asset allocation was equal to 176,102 million yuan, compared to +29 per cent, with significant increases in derivative financial assets generated by tradable derivatives, revenue swaps and initial bond receivables. At the end of the income, net revenue from self-financed investment operations doubled in the first half of 2020.
445.1 billion yuan, or +196 per cent of the year, the share of revenue increased from 25 per cent of 209h1 to 45 per cent, and the return on self-investment became a central driver of performance growth. \triangleright’s low rate of return on bond markets in the first half of the year, with clear financing cost advantages and a significant increase in the size of primary market bond finance to 18.05 trillion yuan, compared to +34.69 per cent in the first half of the year.
As of 30 June 2020, the company had 53 ipo projects under review, second only to China, followed by China, and consolidated strength, wealth management and capital management maintained the first line of industry. Companies actively promoted the transformation of wealth management, gaining the Fund ' s pilot qualifications at the beginning of the year, and shares.
In the first half of 2020, companies achieved a significant increase in the share of stock exchanges, accounting for 1.996 billion yuan, compared with +33 per cent. The share of the market was consistent with the creation of a client service brand from the division of 2019h1 and the upgrading of customer service through technological empowerment, with the number of monthly job offers raised from 9th to 7th in late 2019.In the area of financial management, 753 million yuan, corresponding to +3.4 per cent, was achieved during the reporting period, under the new regulations on financial management, “netized management” and “de-routing operations”, among other things.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
>Investment recommendations: Corporate business development is balanced, integrated and strong, and roe is significantly higher than industry averages. In the broader context of continued capital market reforms, the concentration of the securities sector is increasing rapidly.
\triangleright’s registration is being reviewed at a slower pace than expected, leading to investment, investment performance, and transformation of corporate wealth management. Wang Qing Dynasty, a master’s degree in international finance from the United Kingdom’s University of Duren, has been the Deputy General Manager of the Naval Capital Leasing Department, the General Manager of the Kanhai Leasing Business Department, and has been employed in CUSIN, China and China.
Judining, a master’s degree in finance at the University of Glasgow in England, worked in Taiwan’s rich state securities and silver securities, and joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in April 2020 for research in the non-banking financial sector. Wang Jing, a master’s degree in finance at Boston University in the United States, joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in November 2019 for research in the non-banking financial sector.
This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSCP, which provides support and reference in investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above. It is not intended to the public that the report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the CSCR, but the CSV does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the points of view and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the report, and the securities or investments referred to in this report are not addressed to the public.
The price, value and investment income of the capital may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.