The carrier will sail and bow to the forest.
On 21 August 2017, the company received from the CSRC " On the approval of the release of shares by China Shipping Dynamics Co. Ltd. " . 2. Our analysis and judgment
Fu Chu-hoon (i) Refinancing has been approved, lightly reloaded and re-shipped, and billions of dollars have been used to repay the financial institution’s interest on its loans and to replenish its liquidity.
It took only 40 days to approve, significantly exceeding market expectations. We believe that with the refinancing program going well, the company will be light-loaded, and development is expected to return to the fast track. First, the public sector now has a significantly higher asset-liability ratio than the same industry, and this fund-raising is expected to reduce the company significantly.
The level of assets and liabilities, and the sustainable health development of enabling companies. Second, the firm’s industry is highly technology-intensive and capital-intensive, and this fund-raising will effectively ease the corporate financial pressure, reduce interest spending, and thus increase the company’s profitability.
(ii) Aerial motors are absolutely the best, and the market is the only one in the country with three generations of main jet engines, as the leading company in China's aviation engine industry.
The company also has a central advantage in the field of aviation engine derivative gas turbines, and is one of the leading domestic companies. China Manufacturing 2025 plans to include aviation engines as a “big push area of focus”.
The program is included in the series “STI 2030 - Major Science and Technology Project.” According to the China-China Intelligence Network, the total demand for our air engine and gas turbine market for 2014-2033 is over $2 trillion and the market space is wide.
The company is expected to take advantage of the surge to become a Chinese company comparable to the world’s engines, such as Meroro and Ge. (iii) The company will benefit from the process of re-engineering and re-engineering of the complex.
The current rate of securitization of the assets of the China Shipping Group is about 55%, with four more studies under the banner and the progressive maturity of business-type assets, and it is expected that the securitization of the assets of the company will continue to increase and further increase profitability.
By exploring different means of realization, companies are expected to benefit in the future.