The restructuring of the National Defence Force (F-FDTL) has been effective, with two aircraft dedicated to growth and dawn companies contributing to major performance gains and further shrinking revenues from non-avigational products.
The sharp increase in performance in the first half of the year compared with last year’s, is due mainly to the performance of the fully-owned subsidiary Shen Yangtze. The first half of the year, when the company achieved its operating income of $3.839 billion, was attributed to the net profits of shareholders in listed companies of $128 million, an increase of $116 million over the same period of the previous year, leading to a significant increase in the company’s performance.
In the first half of the company ' s three business sectors, revenue from aviation engines and derivatives was $5,952 million, an increase of 13.72 per cent over the same year; foreign trade exports, a gain of $1.300 billion, an increase of 5.28 per cent over the same year; and non-aviation products and services, a decrease of $436 million over the same period.
43.90 per cent. By focusing on engine masters, reducing risks, low Māori non-avigational products and other operations, Māori ownership increased by 0.31 percentage points (billion shares) over the same period the previous year.
The power bottlenecks are breaking out, with the two engines growing up. Our civil aviation engines are still highly import-dependent, and the technology gap between domestic engines has become the air force's equipment.
Key bottlenecks that are difficult to break through. The strategic requirements of "one sky, one attack and one attack" make the accelerated upgrading of air equipment a necessary trend, which will bring huge markets to the air engine's medium-term investment strategy in the military-industrial sector in 2017 -- looking for
It's possible to change the "China Heart" for import substitution. The company is the company that manufactures turbojets, determines growth, focuses on the turbo fans, turbo axes, turbo oars, pistons, and the leading companies of all types of military aviation engines in China.
The only public platform under the flag of the National Air Engines Group is the future of the engine-related infusion of in vitro assets, such as scientific institutes, and will also be the carrier and beneficiary of the major scientific and technological implementation of the “two aircraft” of the aircraft engines and gas turbines.
The restructuring has been effective, and two planes are dedicated to growing up.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report