The company issued a 2023 performance forecast, which projected a steady increase in revenue and Māori rates throughout the year.
In January-November 23, the advertising market was restructured, the escalator was on the rise, and the company's performance was on the right track. According to ctr, the domestic advertising cost increased by 5.7% in January-November, and the overall market shock was adjusted and the recovery was remarkable.
Keeping up the upward trend, November saw an increase of 31.8 per cent and 34.2 per cent, respectively; with the gradual recovery of the film market, the population’s interest in viewing and the resumption of the cinema’s operation, it has been able to rebound and have recently declined, but at a higher level. The demand for advertising in the country has been gradually warming.
The company, as the leading media company in the building, is expected to recover, with revenue and profits expected to rise. The escalator continues the trend, and the advertising owner has a strong demand. The company has built the largest city in the country, the Life Circle Media Platform, which, as of 31 July 23, covered about 300 countries on the mainland.
There are 70 major cities abroad, including cities, the Hong Kong Administrative Region, and Indonesia and Korea.
The ladder continues the trend, with a strong upturn in 23h1 performance (yoy+0.52%), and the escalator remains generally expansionary and secure. The company is actively orderly. The escalator continues the trend, with a 23q1 upturn.
As the economy improves, consumption returns below the line, cinema operations improve, and the demand for advertising hot spots such as the Internet, new consumption, transportation, etc.
Continuous digitalization, intelligent marketing, and the development of aai-driven solutions. In recent years, companies have continued to upgrade their digital and intelligent marketing capabilities, and have now achieved cloud-based online delivery and will no longer exist.
Most screens are networked, and remote online monitor screens are available. At the same time, the Qingxiang Division continues to sculpt large data analysis capabilities to help clients achieve accurate and effective delivery on an ongoing basis.
The company has also completed the marketing large modeling department, s02700550001, and is committed to developing a new, i-driven industry solution that will greatly enrich its advertising.
Li, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China,
Profit forecasting and investment proposals: With 23 years of gradual recovery in macroeconomics and consumption, the demand for multi-channel advertisers, such as ladders, has risen and, based on company performance forecasts, revenue collection and profit-end recovery have been largely restored Risk factors: macroeconomic downside risks, policy regulatory risks, emerging media diversion advertising.
Risks, uncertainty of demand in advertising markets.