Basic chemical industry (600989), short-term pressure, new production opening up profit margins, Southwest Securities Research and Development Center.
Events: The company released its mid-2023 report, which generated revenues of $13.09 billion in the first half of the year, compared to 9.1 per cent, reduced prices for major products, improved prices, increased productivity of new projects, and short-term pressure on the company’s performance. From the point of view of the price of the main product, it was affected by the downstream climate, and prices of the company’s main product q2 generally declined.
According to wind data, the price of the lldpe product averaged 8017 yuan per ton for 23 years, compared to -8.5 per cent for the ring, compared to -2.3 per cent for the ring; and lower. From a price margin, the price difference for the company ' s lldpe product is $3890 per ton, compared to +16.2 per cent for the polyethylene polypropene product.
Good. From a cost point of view, the increase in the use of raw materials and the increase in the cost of coal, which affected the company’s net profit, was 9.39% higher. Qualified capacity continued to expand, opening the profit margin. Company (1) completed two coal mining projects in the first half of the year.
Work, with a total of 1 million tonnes/year of increased coal production, resulted in the production of 8.2 million tonnes/year of coal from three coal-producing companies and 900,000 tonnes/year of coal-mining from one coal-producing mine under construction. (2) At the beginning of August this year, the Ding Jian Jianlian coal mine was granted a Mining Licence from the Natural Resources Department of Ningxia Autonomous Region, allowing production of 900,000 tonnes/year.
Tons/year with a 20-year life span. (3) 200,000 tonnes/year styrene project was launched in early August to test and produce qualified products. (4) Ningdong tri-octane project (except for the eva installation) was completed for production. Methanol device was put into trial production at the end of March this year and is now in design production capacity; 400,000 tonnes/year polyethylene/year
Devices, 500,000 tonnes/year polypropylene devices have been put into trial production. (5) The construction of 3 million tonnes/year-olds in Mongolia is proceeding smoothly according to the planned plan. As new projects and expansion projects are put into operation, new profit growth points are emerging and future profits will continue to be released.
• Construction of integrated projects to build a chain of circular economic industries. The company's implementation of the national “double carbon” strategy is based on a green concept of sustainable development, with the efficient, integrated and scaled-up construction of a cluster of modern energy-chemical-cycle economic industries, with coal as a substitute for the production of high-end chemical products, import substitution and national energy security;
New energy sources replace fossil energy, contributing to the “carbon neutral” goal of the country.
The company was established in 2005 as the lead company in the new coal-based and efficient materials industry, building an integrated project to build a chain of circular economic industries. The company has implemented the national “double carbon” strategy with a green and sustainable development concept.
Oil production, high-end chemical products, import substitution, national energy security; replacement of fossil energy with new sources of energy, contributing to the national “carbon neutrality” target.
Tens of thousands of tons of fine chemical projects. In the Ordos region of Inner Mongolia, 67.3 billion yuan was invested in the construction of an annual production of 5 million tons of acrylic hydrocarbons, and 47.8 billion yuan was invested in the construction of an annual production of 3 million tons of acrylic acrylic hydrocarbons, of which 400,000 tons of green acrylic accompanied wind-based wind-based helium integration demonstration project, “green electricity” from wind complementarities to green helium, green methanol from green helium production and green methanol from green helium.
Colored methanol is a green enterprise that uses green hydrogen on a scale to replace fossil energy. The company’s industry is at the forefront of industry, technology, combined costs, operating benefits, environmental indicators, etc., and the industry chain is closely connected up and down, interconnected, genuinely “dry and drained”, clean and efficient use of resources, industry poles, etc.
By implementing clean energy alternative actions, the company has vigorously developed the green hydrogen industry, investing in a whole chain of green hydrogen that combines “hydrogen supplementation, hydrogen storage, hydrogen transport, hydrogen-added, hydrogen-based” with the construction of a large single-plant solar electrolytic hydrogen plant, creating a “carbon-neutral” scientific path within the industry to replace fossil energy with new energy sources. In the future, it will produce 10 billion cubic metres and millions of dollars annually.
The scale of the ton-green hydrogen industry, which has become the world’s largest supplier of green hydrogen, while accelerating the low-carbon transformation of the industry, has promoted wide-ranging applications of green hydrogen in the fields of energy-generating green transport, electronics, thermal power supply and storage, and has promoted industry-wide low-carbon change.
By the first half of 2023, the company had a short period of pressure on the company’s performance, resulting in a decline in net profits. In the first half of the year, the company achieved its operating income by $150 million, an increase of 9.60 per cent. The main reason for the decline in operating income was that the price of the product exceeded the production capacity.
The company ' s three rates have remained stable. The increase in sales costs and management costs is mainly due to increased capacity and increased labour costs for sales personnel during the reporting period. Financial cost rates have remained stable and financial costs have increased slightly, mainly as a result of exchange rate fluctuations during the current period.
Corporate projects have been steadily advancing, and production capacity has been increasing. In the first half of the year 23, the company (1) completed two coal-mine power enhancement projects, totalling 1 million tonnes/year of coal production, of which the company’s Mallian coal mine could increase by 400,000 tonnes/to 4 million tonnes/year, and the red four coal mine could increase by 600,000 tonnes/to 3 million tonnes/year.
8.2 million tonnes/year, and 900,000 tonnes/year of a coal mine under construction, with a total coal production capacity of 9.1 million tonnes/year. The Department owns 40% of the 4.8 million tonnes/year of coal production in Ningxia Red Ribbon Coal Coal Coal Coal Co. Ltd. (2) The Ding family coal mine under construction obtained a Mining Licence from the Natural Resources Department of Ningxia Autonomous Region in early August this year, with a production permit of 900,000 tonnes/year.
Each year, the period of validity is 20 years. (3) The 200,000 tonnes/year styrene project was launched in early August to test production and produce qualified products. (4) The Ningdong Triethylene project (with the exception of theeva device) was completed. The methanol device was put into production at the end of March this year and is now in design production capacity; 400,000 tonnes/year polyethylene device, 500,000 tonnes/year polypropene device has been put into trial.
Production. (5) The construction of the 3 million tonnes/year-old herbs project in Inner Mongolia is proceeding smoothly according to the planned plan. New profit growth points are emerging as new projects, expansions, start-up projects, start-up projects.
Dollars/tonnes, 17 per cent year-on-year, ring ratio - 7.6 per cent; price differentials for company alldpe products, $389 per ton, same +16.2 per cent, ring +24.8 per cent; polypropylene, $3087 per ton, same ~5.7 per cent, ring 13.35 per cent, assuming 1: 7 million tons sold in 2023-2025 for corporate caramel products; and price combination historical data, research information and lines
Assumption 3: 350,000, 400,000 and 500,000 tons sold in 2023-2025 for the company ' s refined chemical products series; price aggregate historical data, research data and overall supply and demand judgement of the industry, with high prices and Māori production and delivery capacity, a combination of the range of operations and the selection of 3 listed companies in the chemical industry, among them company and Mandarin Chemical, as a reference for valuation
In the area of fine chemicals, there are similarities between the company ' s forthcoming products in the case of polyolefins and the company ' s new business and the comparable company ' s joint venture. Table 3: Comparable company valuations
A gradual upturn, with new manufacturing capabilities gradually moving into production, taking into account the elasticity of performance and a return in the landscape of existing products from the company’s new material products Downstream demand is not as high as expected, raw material prices are high and production capacity is not as high as expected. No one will receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.