Basic Chemical Group Core issues recoupled: Cost advantages + Growth Space Coalification pioneers, covering the dual coal and gasification routes: focal aspects, 700
(b) In the area of gasification, 1.2 million tons of hydrocarbon production will be added in the second half of the year, with an end-to-life of more than 5.2 million tons in 2025.
There is a clear cost advantage to the industry to protect from industry risks in the industry. The company ' s industry is in 1. " Bo Fong Energy Company " , which evaluates the fundamentals: gradually warming, and is expected to perform on a seasonal basis. Steady operations, scale production, process selection, single consumption control, efficient management, etc.
2023.4.21 Upgraded, building on its own cost advantages, compared to competition in the coal-based hydrocarbon industry.
It has a cost advantage of about $800 to $1,000, while in a regular situation coal-based hydrocarbons are the most cost-effective process compared to oil head and gas head, and the company has a low cost 3.
The new production capacity further magnifies the competitive advantage, maintaining a significant advantage even if competition increases. The company’s three-year increase in the use of 1 million tons of ac2-c5 in Ningxia further reduces the result.
Ben: The 3-generation process of the latest Gillification Institute for the Innermont Base project, with a significant reduction in consumption alone, combined with the advantages of size and location, is expected to raise the cost advantage further by $1,000/t. The industry plans to produce more than 30 million tons in oil and gas head production.
Carbon neutralization will increase the cost gap in large industries, and the green hydrogen layout will increase long-term development. Carbon neutralization and impacts, additional capacity limits for coal-based hydrocarbons, future carbon taxes, advanced processes and landings.
The carbon tax gains from post-production capacity, both positive and negative, will clearly contribute to the cost gap within the coal-based acrylic hydrocarbons, and the company’s competitive advantage will be further accentuated. At the same time, the company has plans for green hydrogen projects in Ningxia and Nemon, with relatively high short-term green hydrogen costs associated with electricity bill consumption and distribution.
The cost of electricity has fallen, the cost of green hydrogen has a 60% drop in space, and the company, thanks to its position advantage, can be integrated to effectively manage the cost of green hydrogen and acquire long-term development space.
The company’s coke business follows the industry’s pressure for a short period of time, but the production of an additional 1 million tons of coal production has been approved, and future coal royalties will exceed 10 million tons, and the self-sufficiency rate will rise to more than 60%.
To a great extent, the coke pressure is alleviated. At the same time, the company combines the layout of its own industrial chain, extending down products such aseva, styrene, needle-like coke, enriching the product categories and increasing value added.
Profit forecasting, valuation and rating Roe (belonging to the parent company) High volatility in raw material prices; increased competition in the industry; and lower-than-expected risk of downstream demand.
Scavenging for more services, scavenging for more.
The company is a typical coal-chemical company, with products covering the two routes of coal coke and gasification, and is a large-scale coal-carrying industry. The company started with coal-carrying operations at an early stage, expanding its capacity by 3 million tons in 2022 to build on its original capacity of 4 million tons. It now produces 7 million tons of coke.
Yes, with 400,000 tons of kerosene tar deep processing and 120,000 tons of crude benzene plus hydrogen production; on the other hand, the company's gas distribution operations, combined with the coker gas of coal combustible by-products, maximized the circular economy with the existing production of 1.2 million tons in Ningxia I and Di HC II, will be further expanded to 2.2 million tons in Ningxia III after delivery in the second half of this year, and the Ningxia III production will be further expanded to 2.2 million tons in the end of this year.
From the point of view of the company’s development pace, it has entered phase III and is building a platform for the next phase of the layout. From the development landscape, the company’s layout is very clear:
Phase I (2007-2013): As a result of the creation of the company, two sets of 2 million tons of coke production were introduced into the coal-corrosion business, with a view to scalding and improving the upstream/downstream industrial chain, extending the coal-cooling layout upwards, and achieving the upstream zone through the construction of the Mallean table and four springs of coal mines.
(b) Use of the coal tar deep processing project and the crude benzene hydrogen project to address the use of kerosene;
Phase II (2014-2020): Gasification works through the industrial chain and explores the opening of a second growth curve. Beginning to expand into the gasification business area, extending from scalded methanol to gas-based methanol, downstream focused fabric production of acetylene, with two sets of 600,000 tons of acetylene devices, the company achieved a large-scale capacity for the production of acetylene hydrocarbons, the size of which was the size of the device at the time.
At this stage, the company’s focus has moved beyond the expansion of gasification operations to streamline the operating patterns of production, marketing, research, and development of large-scale broths, and has achieved a cost lead in combination with its own industrial chain and institutional management advantages. The company is now entering the third stage of development, mainly in terms of industrial layout, to provide growth growth gains on a large scale, with excellence.
In this period, the company seized the opportunity to expand its carbon production capacity by 3 million tons of carbon and, under the control of the country's coke supply end, increased its production capacity.
Building a platform for firms to enrich their industrial chains at a later stage and to increase the value added of their products. The current stage of company development can be seen, with a focus on the layout and optimization of cost competitiveness, which is the core key point in the industry of major chemical industries.
By optimizing core competitiveness, the company has achieved an expansion of its comparative advantage and raised its central profit level in terms of volume growth. And with the configuration of the company ' s industry chain, the variety of products developed in the previous period has been enriched and further downstream in terms of product expansion and value addition, it will gradually extend to products.
The company now has two major product bases, Ningxia and Nemon, and the Ningxia East Base has a co-mingled industrial layout, and the coal mine is partially self-sustaining, while the Ningdong region is rich in coal, which can be purchased locally at low prices, while gasification is mainly based on the interior and Xinjiang.
In the region, transport distance is clear compared to that of enterprises in the east, while in industrial parks, the co-production of coke by-product furnaces, coupled with gas production, creates a regulatory advantage and deepens the advantages of integrated raw materials in industrial parks; in the interior, the main construction is for gasification, the surrounding raw materials are highly productive, the raw materials are purchased in close proximity, and the distance is significantly saved and the raw materials are brought closer to the ground.
The size of the company continues to grow, with new projects being phased in, its size, industrial chain advantages and technological upgrading continuing to increase its comparative advantages, and the company is in a double development track of cost optimization and scale-up.
Building on this, the company has increased its R & D investment, expanded product models and enriched product groups to optimize platform construction.II. The ongoing scale-up of the industry, the new project build-up, the enhanced low-cost competitive advantage of 2.1, and the continued expansion of the scale of H & C, with effective cost controls maintaining a comparative competitive advantage
The process of cutting into the industry began with the accumulation of two projects in which the company had accumulated nearly 10 years of production and operational experience in the industry, and in the course of the ongoing mapping of the production and marketing chain, the company continued to rationalize its technology and management, align the layout of its own industrial chain and build its comparative advantages:
The company has built 1.2 million tons of production capacity in two phases, which has remained high for many years, and in recent years has remained at over 110%, which is a further reduction in the cost of amortization depreciation compared to the low rate of industrial start-up in small-scale enterprises.
The company developed its own business to produce sufficient gas in the cokering process, which led it to choose powder gas for the gas in the pre-coalene gas sector, and to make carbon conversion more efficient by combining the high hydrogen content of the furnace and reducing the gas-reducing costs of later stages.
Optimal to achieve combined utilization: efficient and stable production of the dmto process products at the back end of the selection of the big contours where domestic processes are mature and lead.3 Optimizing the process and maximizing raw material savings. Companies continue to adapt through production lines after completion.
Building, process optimization leads to lower single consumption of raw materials and a relatively high share of raw materials in the production costs of acetylene, which can lead to a further reduction in the cost of material savings. The company is currently looking not only at the optimization of devices that are already operating smoothly, but also at the cost of further refining the process on the basis of new equipment.
A further reduction in single consumption of raw materials can be achieved on a no-size basis, with further cost reductions, compared to a competitor in the same industry, where a company achieves a single consumption of raw materials that is still below the (4) precision control project and improves the efficiency of the use of the funds.
At that time, only about 10 projects had been completed in the country, and the company Ningxia Phase had planned the largest coal-based hydrocarbon project at that time, with the greatest potential for achieving a scale effect; in terms of project investment, the company had exercised strict controls and the overall level of investment was significantly lower than that of the industry, while at the same time building and overall layout.
The company has also continued to optimize its downscaling, and through large replacements, integrated planning, etc., the scale of its investment is still declining in the construction stages, the company's investment in single ton of hydrocarbons is declining, and the cost of depreciation for the Ningxia III and Inner Monument projects will be expected to further increase its magnification advantage.
(5) The private sector maximizes the streamlining of controls and efficiency, and project support staff are below industry levels, thus achieving significant savings in labour costs on a single basis. The company, as a small private coal industry, is located in the western part of the country, has a relatively low level of remuneration, is managed efficiently by a superstructure company, has a significantly higher level of manual efficiency, and has a clear level of labour costs per unit of hydrocarbons.
Figure 11: Corporate depreciation of single tons of hydrocarbons has a comparative advantage ($/t) Figure 12: Corporate labour comparative advantage ($/t) Figure 13: Relatively low per capita wages of companies ($ 10,000)
It is clear that the abundance of energy is increasing in a number of ways, such as steady operation, scale production, tailoring processes, optimization of single consumption, efficient management, greater financial efficiency, etc., and thus increasing its cost advantage in order to achieve relative industry competitiveness.
At the operational level, the cost of production of acetylene from bountiful energy is much lower than that of other enterprises in the industry, and relatively high yield security mats can be obtained in the process of industrial cyclical fluctuations.
Figure 16: The company ' s Māori rate for the HFO product is higher than that of other companies 2.2, the HFA industry has broken growth restrictions, the new base has expanded cost advantages, the growth restrictions have been removed, and the Ningxia III project has further expanded the company ' s capacity to produce HFOs.
New projects require large amounts of coal consumption and therefore more coal and energy consumption targets. On the other hand, the production of HFOs requires energy consumption, as well as additional CO2 emissions in methanol production, which are expected to be further limited in future carbon neutralization and progressive implementation of policies.
With 1.2 million tonnes of production capacity, the company actively seized the opportunity to further match 1 million tonnes of production capacity in Ningxia, including 500,000 tonnes of coal production capacity and 500,000 tonnes of C2-c5 by-product of three ctos, while achieving further expansion of production capacity at Ningxia base and maintaining low-cost advantages by making full use of existing base utilities and personnel.
The company, on the other hand, will combine the supply of 1.7 million tons of cto by-products for the first three periods, reducing back-end processing costs and increasing the profitability of the products through a scale-building exercise.
All chemical products are different and have significant scale advantages. Since 2011, we have been building coal production capacity. With the exception of early or planned mtp devices and several 300,000 tons of uopmto devices, most of the planned and constructed dmto or smto devices have a size of 600,000 tons or more.
More than 3 million tonnes of coal + power coal from the previous raw materials are needed, which basically accounts for most of the coal target for one year in one province, and the limits of the indicator are more pronounced when considering future carbon neutrals and targets, where there is very limited room for new production capacity for coal-based hydrocarbons and where future advanced processes are much more needed on a large scale.
At this stage, it is becoming increasingly difficult to obtain targets for building advanced capacity. And companies are taking advantage of the opportunity to take advantage of the opportunity.
The approval and integration of three million tonnes of capacity have not only provided room for further growth, but also increased the cost competitiveness of the company’s production of acrylic hydrocarbons. The cost of raw materials has been further reduced in the country’s first three-generation process of DaC. Unlike the first two generations of the dmto process,
The three-generation process does not require separate break-up units with by-product carbon four or more components, which can lead to a significant reduction in methanol monomer consumption by creating new units for reactors and processes. The three-generation process at the Institute passed a mid-test test in 2020, with a conversion rate of 99.06% methanol, a selective rate of 85.90wt per cent for ethylene and acrylic, and a consumption of 2.66 tons of ethylene + acetylene methanol single.
Future chemical-scale industrial installations are expected to reduce single consumption to 2.62 - 2.66 tons of acrylic hydrocarbons. The use of 3 million tons of acrylic acrylic plants in the company will significantly reduce capital intensity as a result of the increase in size, and the cost savings resulting from a decrease in single consumption will significantly increase the cost competitiveness of the company’s inner base.
The cost of coal transport is expected to be further reduced by adding to the regional advantage of the Neomon region. The company's Ningdong base for the production of bronze products buys raw and power-driven coal mainly from the interior, where most of the raw materials are purchased, and where the base is built to be closer to the base of the raw materials, the cost of coal transport can be significantly reduced.
Taken together, the size effect of the Inner Mon Base has resulted in a significant decrease in the cost of manual and amortized depreciation; the advanced process of the Inner Mon is superior and the consumption of raw materials has declined significantly; and the acquisition advantage of raw materials has resulted in a significant decrease in the cost of entry of raw materials.
2.3. Carbon neutrality and the prospect of increasing the cost gap in the industry, where coal-based hydrocarbons have a long-term competitive advantage, where oil-head cracks dominate the polyolefin industry and are the dominant pricing processes in the industry. There are relatively many types of broth production in our country, where there are large-scale oilheads, gasheads, and coal-head processes, and where there is a marked difference in the proportion of polyolefins in the process.
As a result of our resource endowments, the use of coal as a feedstock for chemical production can substantially reduce the import dependence on crude oil and natural gas, and coal-based production of acrylic hydrocarbons has developed relatively quickly over the past 10 years or so, with an increase in their capacity ratio, now reaching 26 per cent and 18 per cent respectively in polypropylene and polyethylene production processes, but in polyvinylene production.
Capability is still dominated by the oil-headed hydrocarbon process, which remains the dominant pricing process in the polyolefin industry. With the gradual release of new production capacity at pdh, the self-sufficiency of polypropylene has increased significantly, but polyethylene products still have a high degree of oral dependence.
Import dependence on polypropylene has declined significantly as a result of continued investment, and by 2022 the import dependence on polypropylene had declined to 6%, but import dependence on polyvinylene products remained relatively high, at about 34% in 2022, and there is still some supply gap in the country.
Figure 22: Significant reduction in polypropylene import dependency (tonnes) Figure 23: Import dependence on polypropylene (tonnes) is higher than polypropylene
There has been a significant increase in the level of profitability that began in the chemical industry, with higher levels of profitability in the last two years, leading to larger project investments by more firms, a significant increase in the equal value of fixed assets in the chemical industry, and a gradual release of the capacity of the chemical industry, particularly in the polyolefin industry, after a construction period of about two years.
According to current statistics, the country has a relatively high planned production capacity of polyolefins, mostly based on oil head and gas head production, which is expected to be fully self-supplied and produced externally, since polypropenes have a pdh route that can be laid in comparison to polyethylene, and more productive than new production, which is accompanied by a gradual decline in production; compared to the relatively small additional production capacity of polyethylene, which was originally available
The low self-sufficiency rate of products, coupled with the release of additional production capacity and an increase in the supply of polyethylene, is expected to result in a structural market difference: a loose supply on conventional bulk product models, but still high import dependence in the high end of the product sector.Tons of tons and 24 million tons, a concentration release period for production planning, take into account the chemical industry from the second half of 2022.
Figure 25: Polypropene production and demand projections (tonnes) Figure 26: Polyethylene production and demand projections (tonnes)
New production is still dominated by oil and gas head production, and the industry pricing process has not changed. Although our country has a relatively clear coal-chemical development base and advantages compared to overseas, it has also generated more coal-based production capacity, but it is limited by domestic energy consumption targets and carbon emissions requirements, with coal-based hydrocarbons producing relatively less efficiently and less in terms of new production, as a result of which it has a relatively low share.
In the course of industrial operations, the final hydrocarbon is still priced for the oil-head process, and the cost of oil-based hydrocarbon is a key reference factor at the stage of product supply.
Figure 28: Process distribution of new polyethylene production in 2023
The oilworks process, the coalworks process, the coalworks process, the coalworks process.
The coal-based industry has a long-term cost advantage and is expected to maintain the basic profit margin compared to the oil-headed hydrocarbon industry. The historical price differentials of the various processes suggest that the coal-based hydrocarbon process has a long-term low-cost advantage, except for a limited amount of time.
Figure 29: Changes in the price differentials for the production of acetylene by process (m/tonne)
Extremely low historical range: the global epidemic began in March 2020 with a dramatic impact on the economy, and Brent crude oil prices fell at a rapid rate of $20 per barrel, with extremely low prices causing oil and coal prices to remain very low compared to the very low range; the continued high temperatures during the summer of 22021 and the drought, which led to an increase in coal consumption and a four-quarter shortage of domestic energy and a substantial and sustained rise in coal prices.
The price of oil and coal is again in low-value zones; in the fourth quarter of 2020, the domestic epidemic continued to affect the economy, foreign demand was weak, crude oil prices continued to fall, but coal prices remained high, causing the price of oil and coal to fall below the price of shock. From the historical situation, in the three processes produced by the acetylene, the cost advantage of coal is higher than that of the pdh process.
The new polypropene production capacity is relatively high, competitive pressures are expected to rise in the future, and the price of the coal-based hydrocarbon product is relatively balanced and is expected to maintain a better profit margin than the pdh process.
While the pdh process approval is relatively limited and the production process matures, the country has continued to have a high level of layout capacity over the years, and since the end product produced by the pdh process is dominated by acrylic, the supply of acrylic and downstream polypropene products has grown faster and the product self-sufficiency rate is higher. By contrast, coalhead process end products are relatively balanced and have a relative competitive advantage.
Historically, pre-epidemiological polyethylene prices were higher than polypropylene, but later because of the short-term effects of the epidemic on the consumption structure of the population, better support for polypropene demand, closer prices to polyethylene and even short-term higher levels of polyethylene, the effects of the epidemic have gradually diminished and it can be seen that, since 2023, although the end demand has been significantly less sustained, the end demand has declined.
There are significant differences in the performance of polyethylene and polypropylene, the price differentials between polyethylene and polypropene are expected to gradually return to pre-epidemiological levels in the future, with further release of additional production capacity, and the comparative advantage of polyethylene is expected to increase further, with coal.
The advantage of the pdh process is expected to increase. Figure 31: downstream application of polyethylene in 2022
Figure 33: The epidemic affects the consumption structure of the population, prices of polypropylene and polyethylene are variable over time, new production of coal-based hydrocarbons continues to be limited, and low-cost processes have a better moat. In terms of new production in the current industry, coal consumption is relatively high compared to other production processes, and new production approval is not only required.
Advanced processes, which consume large quantities of coal or energy indicators, need to be complemented by relevant solutions for carbon emissions, and industries have higher barriers to new production capacity. Industry-wide low-cost expansion of productive capacity is more difficult, and low-cost production processes will have a relatively better competitive advantage in the future, even in a state of marginal cost pricing, even if they enter a productively adequate phase.
Future carbon reductions or carbon taxes are expected to further reduce the cost differentials within the coal-based industry, and low-cost competitive advantages are expected to be increased. In the light of current new energy developments, in chemical materials and energy supply, measures to reduce carbon emissions will increase treatment costs to some extent at the beginning of most of the underlying chemical products, but carbon emission reductions combined with carbon taxes will be extremely high.
To a large extent, the competition gap within the large coal industry and the positive and negative carbon tax gains from advanced processes and backward production will be expected to widen the competition gap within the industry in the future, and the company’s cost advantage will be expected to widen further in the future.
3.1 The coke industry is still well supplied in the short term, the industry is more competitive than it is, the coal industry is less competitive, demand is not strong, and excess capacity is still present. Charcoal is an important raw material for downstream metal smelting, especially steel, which is accompanied by continued growth in the real estate and infrastructure sectors of the country, and the charcoal industry is undergoing reform and opening up.
Over the next 35 years, there has been sustained growth, with rapid expansion of production capacity at the supply end, accompanied by rapid growth in demand at the national and civil levels; however, in recent years, it has become clear that the pace of downstream demand has slowed significantly, with the gradual increase of production over the last two years, the gradual downswing of capacity utilization, the re-emergence of excess capacity, and relatively intense competition in the industry, which is now available.
The demand for improvement also requires sustained capacity-building. Chart 35: Lower demand for coke has slowed slightly, and the coke industry has experienced a period of clean production, but it has not yet fully addressed the excess capacity problem.
Real estate development, the rapid build-up of the previous period ' s coke production capacity, which led to the fragmentation of the industry, uneven installation levels, excess capacity, a significant surplus, which began to lag behind in 2016, starting with the 13th Five-Year Plan for the coke industry, and a downward trend in capacity since 2017, accompanied by a gradual liquidation of the capacity and a pattern of industrial capacity utilization.
Over the past two years, the coke industry has been experiencing a slight stagnation in output, which has led to a reduction in emissions, structural upgrading, and a gradual decline in production capacity requirements to the end of the supply, but it has been relatively difficult to reverse the pattern of supply and demand in a short period of time, in line with the policy of the provinces.
In the main provinces of coke production, improvements continue to be made to the charcoal industry, which limits the industry’s ability to produce more and accelerates the clean-up of pre-existing production. In terms of industry development, new production restrictions are expected to become more stringent in the future, industry’s backward capacity is phased out, and existing production capacity is expected to be upgraded in the future.
At present, the industry has seen a gradual increase in new production since 2021 and has improved overall profitability since 2016, but as new production has been released in the last two years, with a generally lower profile, demand is not strong enough, and focus is high.
The carbon industry suffers from a double backlog, upstream raw material prices are difficult to transfer downstream, price differentials continue to shrink, and overall profitability of the industry rises again after the phase-out in 2017-2020
In the short term, there is some improvement in downstream demand, but a long-cycle recovery will take time. From historical data, downstream landscapes have influenced the demand of the coke industry to a large extent, while in 2022 the final state of the country was significantly lost due to the effects of the epidemic, among other things, and the profitability of steel plants has declined significantly, but as a result of the gradual rehabilitation of the epidemic, downstream steel plants have been rehabilitated.
The gradual restoration of profits, the recovery of construction, and the improved demand for coke are expected to boost the profitability of coke products. But, in the light of long-cycle fluctuations, the industry’s profit center is more dependent on supply and demand, and demand improvement slows short-term profit pressures, while long-term cycle reversals await improvements in supply and demand structures.
Figure 40: The steel industry’s down-scaling of iron and water production 3.2. The company’s layout is further improved, with some of the raw materials self-supporting against industry pressure.
From the point of view of profits in the industrial chain, the upward cost is influenced by the price-fixing of the coal industry and the downward impact of the steel industry, so that the profits of the coke industry’s main listed enterprises, the coke plate, will also fluctuate with the industry. The overall profitability of the coke industry is at a relatively low level, with firms that are able to achieve a better level of profitability, such as the United States of America Energy, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, and the United States of America.
According to the disclosure of shares, the overall profitability of coal is more stable than that of coke, and can spread the profit risk of the “kernel” link. Companies that can achieve the source of the chain of coke industry will build a better profit cushion.
The company has an additional 3 million tons of coke in production, a slight drop in coal self-sufficiency, and a small increase in self-sufficiency at a later stage, coupled with an expansion of capacity and new projects. The company has partially supplied itself, transported it at close distances, purchased it, and significantly reduced the raw material. The company currently has 7.2 million tons of coal in production, and the coal mine is close to the coal production area, and some of the raw materials are accessible.
With the company’s new capacity of 3 million tons of coke built in 2022, the demand for raw materials has increased, and the coal self-sufficiency rate has fallen. Companies have continued to improve their industrial chain layouts, while the production capacity of the Dingjiang-Sweet River coal mine is still being built and acquired.
2.4 million tons of existing production capacity and 2.4 million tons of building capacity in the Red and Red Coal mines: on the other hand, the company plans to further upgrade the planned production capacity of the existing coal mine by 1 million tons, raising the capacity of the company to more than 10 million tons, and, with the current capacity of coke production unchanged, is expected to raise the self-sufficiency rate of coal to around 60 per cent, with future partners.
In the Ningdong region, coal is rich, custom-made production is concentrated, and raw material advantages are magnified. The company produces specially tailored coke, using home-grown coal mines as raw materials.
Ben optimized to achieve double savings in process and raw materials by using its own low-cost fixer furnaces, combining its own coal-corrosing advantages, using more affordable, more volatile, weak and partially non-coated coal; and, on the other hand, the company-specific choice of special coke for production, although the company ' s product unit price is lower than that of other firms in terms of overall pricing.
It is a low-cost advantage to maintain a better level of profitability for a single ton of products.
Proximity of raw materials procurement and consolidation of low-cost advantages. The wealth of energy is located in the Ningdong region, where the main coal mines, including companies, are dominated by the production of one third of the coal and gas-fertilized coal, thus enriching the local coal-fired resources, while the company procures the raw materials in close proximity and efficiently saves the transport costs of raw materials.
See, large-scale purchases of energy raw materials, and better price controls for purchases by companies with special geographical advantages, which are significantly lower than the prices for refined coal purchased by the same industry. Figure 49: Prices for raw materials purchased by companies and competitors with the same industry ($/tons)
Improving the efficiency of management and operations, producing at full capacity, and releasing scale effects. As noted earlier, the overall capacity of the coke industry is adequate, the overall capacity of the industry is only 6-7%, most enterprises are unable to produce at full capacity, and the rate of start-up will directly lead to depreciation, amortization, higher labour costs, higher production costs and lower competitiveness of the enterprise.
It's a vicious circle. The company's new 3 million tons of capacity in 2022 have just been built, short-termly underutilized, but over the last 10 years, the company has maintained a long-term high production pace, allowing not only amortization depreciation and a decline in fixed costs, but also maximizing the realization of profits, which is expected to accompany the company's quarterly production capacity.
By-products have been scaled up to further enhance the central profit margin. The company has further complemented coal in the field of centrifugation, and tar combines production and pure benzene-hydrogen production. The company has increased its capacity from 4 million tons to 7 million tons of capacity, and the company's coal is burning.
In the second half of 23 years, tons of needle-like coke production is expected to take place. The company’s surroundings have a high degree of commochemical capacity, further scalable use of products through low-cost extraction based on adequate use of their own by-products, increased utilization of existing devices, increased product size, and reduced production and processing costs for products to combine the production of pure benzene and acrylic hydrocarbons for the future.
A further expansion of the base of the product class is being built by raw materials.iv. Hydrogen can be developed in the long term, enriching the extended development space of the product class 4.1, using regional advantages to create hydrogen-energy layouts for long-term development purposes.
Low-cost expansion of high-quality enterprises in the basic chemical industry is the key to development. In the bulk of the product sector, demand-supply mismatches lead to obvious price fluctuations, firms with low-cost advantages can have better profit buffers, and in the low-intensity phase of the industry, they can still make a profit and gain more flexibility in the landscape. This can be replicated over time.
A competitive advantage is an important way for firms to increase their profitability. But, for a long time, the country has experienced the first rapid growth of reform and opening up, accompanied by a gradual increase in volume, a gradual decline in demand, an overall market that does not support the supply-side growth of continuing productive capacity, a combination of the changing international situation, and a growing average digestive cycle of new productive capacity.
In the current situation, chemicals investment has increased significantly over the past two years, the level of profitability of the product has begun to drop significantly, with a heavy external factor, and the subsequent intensity of chemical investment is expected to begin to fall gradually, a period in which sustained growth can still be achieved. The expansion of production capacity within the dominant track is a key issue for most firms.
The future supply-side restrictions will become more stringent when a number of factors influence movement, carbon neutrality, and so on. Since the beginning of 2021, we have proposed carbon peaks, carbon neutrality and policies, with individual provinces, such as Inner Mongolia, having more stringent policy controls over new projects and stocks, although since 2022 there have been more orderly controls over stock projects and a number of new projects.
Energy consumption and coal indicators remain key constraints on project construction, as measured by the policy requirements for project approval, and new construction projects need not only industrial sophistication, but also accompanying indicator space and carbon abatement measures. Energy consumption and coal indicators continue to limit new capacity in the coal industry, and companies are looking forward to opening the green hydrogen layout.
At the peak, in 2060, in the context of carbon neutrality, achieving carbon emission reductions is the key to the future sustainability of the enterprise. The company is the coalification industry, which started the green helium layout earlier in the industry, and is able to control green helium production to the maximum extent possible by virtue of its position. The core cost of its impact, based on the cost of production of green hydrogen, is the cost of electricity, so that the single-mark hydrogen gas is used.
Electricity consumption and upstream electricity prices are key factors that enable the integration of power generation + electrolytic helium to be the primary factor in achieving green helium drops, while the further reduction in the consumption of electricity sheets associated with the optimization of the electrolysis process can be further reduced. The region where China is able to achieve scale integration is relatively limited, with companies based in Ningxia and Nemon.
The Ningxia base began to deploy the green hydrogen project earlier, waiting for the technology to grow further. The company’s Ningxia area is mature, built relatively early, and is largely at the stage of the realization of the scale project.
The company’s long history and experience of large-scale photovoltaic power generation, near the end of photovoltaic power generation, has a better base and geographical advantage in the green hydrogen energy supply dimensions. In 2020, the company began planning a solar-powered hydrolysis helium project to build 200,000 kW photovolt power units and electrolytic hydrogen plants with a capacity of 20,000 metrics/hours, until 2022.
With 30,000 metrics/hour green hydrogen production, produced mainly for the company gasification gas supplementation. Due to continuous progress in the electrolysis hydrogen unit and the process, the production equipment for the electrolytic hydrogen continues to be upgraded, and the company started to use a single suite of 1,000-hour electrolyte tanks and systems such as gasification separators, helium purity, though appropriate.
The most advanced process, though still large, is expected to be further improved and optimized in the future, along with the increase in the size of the cell and the optimization of the process. The company’s Ningxia base has not been limited to a much clearer project for a short period of time to scale up the green hydrogen process and equipment until it matures.
The Inner Moon Base plans to build a project to build 31 million tons of coal-based hydrocarbons, which has already obtained a coal target of 2.6 million tons, while the remaining 400,000 tons of acrylic acrylates have been supplemented at an early stage by an external purchase of methanol, which will be supplemented by an additional 503 million metrics of green hydrogen per year, gradually leading to full self-sufficiency of the raw materials.
The overall cost is optimized through the wind-based hydrogen project, which integrates the power chain. At the beginning of the company layout, the consumption of single-scale hydrogen is about 5.2kwh, and with the preparation of advanced electrolytic cells on a scale, hydrogen consumption is expected to optimize in 4.3kwh, or even lower, and the latest cell size is already moving towards 1,500.
With the gradual spread of carbon taxes in the future, it is expected that the competitiveness of the company’s inner base will be greatly enhanced. As can be seen, the price of our carbon emissions trading is significantly lower than overseas, the demand for carbon reductions in the future will increase, and the scope of the carbon trading will increase.
Further increases, given the significant carbon emission reductions from the company’s inter-firm base and the gains from the combined carbon tax, it is not expected that the supply of green hydrogen will have a significant impact on the production costs of the company’s acrylic hydrocarbons.
Figure 57: The prices of carbon emissions trading in Beijing, China, have also increased, with 4.2, and a variety of products, further extending to high-end differentiated products. Platforms have been set up at an early stage to gradually enrich product groups in steady operations.
Low-cost development routes focus on building a stable and competitive platform to take advantage of the opportunity to achieve higher volumes in the period ahead. It can be seen that since the company ' s 2014 layout, the product harvest has grown at a rate of more than 100%, resulting in the construction of a standardized low-cost platform.
Further optimization, such as in size, has also begun to expand product categories, extending to a wide range of products, such as polyvinyl hydrocarbons, styrene, eva, needle-like cokers, gradually reducing the volatility risk of a single product, and expanding the range of product selections that can be arranged at the back end.
To enrich the existing polyolefin products, develop new brands and product models, and make the basic layout for future upgrades of high-end polyolefins. The Division quickly marketed its products in the early stages of the layout, mainly by supplying large-scale production plates, and with the growing scale of its products, companies could have the energy to take a step towards the structural upgrading of their products, and companies each year continue to invest in research and development.
New brands and types of layouts are expected to expand further into the high-end polyolefin sector in the future.
The ethylene downstream product chain is rich and builds the eva product line.eva, the ethylene acetic ethylene condensate, is widely used in the fields of photovoltaics, filtration, thermal molten glue, cable, etc., depending on the va content.eva's product supply and demand structure is good, and demand has a sustained growth dynamic that facilitates the digestion of new capacity in the industry.
There is still a high degree of dependence on product imports, despite the fact that there are more productive layouts, and there is a persistently high demand for products downstream, with open-door replacement space and energy digestion space. Companies are moving in the direction of diversity and high-end production of polyolefins, extending the chain downwards and continuing up-to-date production capacity of the industry.
Of this amount, Ningdong's triethylene project, which contains 250,000 tonnes/year of capacity, is expected to be ready for production in the second half of 2023 and is expected in the future to be 10,000 tonnes/year. The company uses the lyondellbasell tube-style high-pressure polyethylene technology to produce up to 30% of the va content.
In combination with the company’s industrial chain, the extension of products such as styrene and needle-like coke downstream increases the value-added of the product to some extent.
Further downstream extension of styrene products, basic self-sufficiency of raw materials while building platforms for subsequent extension of materials such as abs, pss, etc. On the other hand, the company expands the sub-product asphalt downstream, furthers the placement of needle-like coker production, increases the value added of the product up the chain, and expands the product class.
Figure 63: Reduction of import dependence by styrene Figure 62: downstream application of styrene Figure 64: Extension of downstream products in the context of their own industrial chains to increase value added
Acetylene: Cost advantages and space for growth.1 Existing capacity has clear cost advantages: coal-heading processes have clear advantages over oil-heading processes and gas-headings in a conventional state, while companies still have a clear comparative advantage over other coal-based production enterprises and are therefore fair
The Division is able to have a relatively high level of profitability for acrylic hydrocarbons; 2 additional production capacity further enhances cost advantages: the company ' s new Ningxia project companion c2-c5 byproduct utilization link. One step forward saves costs; while the Immon project uses a three-generation dmto process with a clear downswing, combining scale and location advantages.
Further significant cost savings: Full annual release with large growth space, coupled with company green radon capacity, will further provide the development base for companies to move forward in improving their productive capacity and expanding their product categories.
The company’s coke business has developed well, the industry has been affected by macro-level conditions, short-term demand is weak, additional production capacity needs to be digested, coal-carat profits have been compressed, companies have increased coal production capacity by 1 million metric tons, increased coal self-sufficiency and reduced industry risk.
(a) Risk of sharp fluctuations in raw material prices: the company's primary raw material is coal, the products of broths are largely subject to crude oil prices, and if coal/oil prices rise significantly, the company's cost pressures will increase and the product's profitability will be kept under pressure;
Real estate and consumption have had a greater impact, and if demand recovers at a slower pace this year and is not supported by demand, it will stifle the industry's profit-making process. Competition in the industry will increase the risk of productive release being delayed due to past epidemics, policies, etc., followed by new production capacity in coke and hydrocarbons. Increased industrial competition will drive product profitability.
Policy risks: Companies are typical coal-chemicals, and fire power is one of the main electricity supplies, and policies can have an impact on the volume and cost of electricity used in industry if weather contingencies affect electricity demand; and coal-chemical projects are affected by industry