Events: Three Rings issued a fast-track performance report, and the company achieved $3.13 billion in operating revenue in 2017.
RMB 1,019 million, a 36/27 per cent increase in year/ring ratio, net profit of $386 million per quarter, a 33/43 per cent increase in year/ring ratio, and firm performance points confirmed again that there were more robust operations, with fast development of ceramic backhells and ceramic envelopes in 2018, millix2s
Ceramic backhells have been applied to new machines such as millet 6, millet2 and esentialphone, with a significant increase in product sales, coupled with the gradual release of company products and strong growth in mobile-ceramic component operations, which will benefit from mobile phones in the future.
1,741/11,642 Demetallicization of backhells, and Mimix2s determined to use three-ring ceramic backhells and enter oppo; ceramic 35,711/33,688
The advantages of the China Seal Built Basement business are evident in the rapid increase in the market share of the company ' s products, coupled with strong market demand and supply of the company ' s products due to the gradual withdrawal of some of its friends from the market
Not to mention the substantial expansion in 2017 and the continued expansion in 2018, which resulted in increased performance, and the binding of a blueprint for core staff to work together.
Three Rings (300408), "Performance turning points, policy implications are down, company traditional business includes fingerprint identification caps, ceramic fibre-optic plugs, high barrier ceramic platforms are about to develop rapidly."
Ceramic base tiles, ceramic base bodies, mlcc capacitors, etc. are well developed; Ceramic fibre plug-in cores - 2017/10/31 (Y5g) build up to expand the overseas fibre-optic market and increase the price of mlcc volumes.
The company focused on endogenous development, the company set up a three-ring research institute in 2012 to strengthen corporate research and development, and this year, the company made a major effort to mobilize talent to strengthen research and development. The company launched two new products, ceramic envelopes and electronic magma.
The company, in collaboration with the company's main industry in 2017, will be able to provide ceramic nozzles and voltage modules in glue valves, and the company will continue to seek international mergers and acquisitions in the future.
The advanced material platform is entering a steady development phase.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.