Reconfirming performance, running a little more in the future, information technology hardware and equipment, confirming a little more in the future, running a little more in the future.
Incident: Trio Group issued a performance forecast for 2017, where the company expected to make a significant increase in net profit of 2017 on a year-to-year basis, with slightly higher than expected performance. 217q4 realized a net profit of $366-466 million, with a deduction of non-net profit of $316-422 million; net profit deductions of non-net profit on a year-on-year basis/
Beyond our expectations of $1,061 million, the company's performance is evident, with more robust operations, more ceramic backhells being phased in, and more machine-type use expected in 2018. In 2017, the ceramic backhell generated $500 million a year, serving as the main supplier for millet, as well as the main supplier.
1 741/11,642 Launch of the “Flame Phoenix” ceramic backhell brand with super-resistible strength, mo-hardness, 25/49/7.15
The radio frequency signal is unshielded, millet is now imported into a volume machine, followed by other domestic manufacturers; ceramic backhells as a differentiated option for non-metal backhells, we expect 2018 Three Rings (300408), " Equity Incentives " .
More mobile phone brands can be seen using ceramic backhells.
Three Rings (300408), "Performance is on the move, the Steaking Ceramic Seal has a monthly capacity to grow from 300 million to 500 million, and it is expected to continue in 2018, and the high barriers porcelain platform will soon develop."
Expanding. The company ' s new ceramic encapsulation base product, saw, is currently being processed by downstream manufacturers - 2017/10/31 for certification and subsequent delivery.
Traditional business is sound. In addition to the decline in the fuel cell diaphragm industry, which is influenced by the new energy policy of the United States, the company ' s traditional business includes fingerprint identification caps, ceramic fibre-optic cores, ceramic base sheets, ceramic matrixes, mlcc capacitation, etc.
The company, together with the third quarter of 2017, holds the share of the company, MicroMiss Point Rubber Ltd., a German high-tech company whose main product is glue.
Valves, pneumatic processes used in the module alignment process, downstream customers include consumer electrons, displays and panels, led, etc. In collaboration with the company’s main industry, the company can provide ceramic nozzles and voltage modules in the plaque valves. This is the first overseas M&As that the company has done in recent years.
Companies have cross-border capacity for international cross-border M & As capital operations, seeking synergies with corporate owners for global high-technology M & As. Strengthening R & D, new products are being introduced, and the platform’s advantages are being highlighted.
The 3-Red Institute has strengthened corporate research and development, and this year the company has made a big effort to mobilize people to strengthen research and development. The Department has launched two new products, ceramic and electronic masonry, and ceramic machete, which will be used to confirm the point of performance, and to run a little more in the future.
The wirebonding process for integrated circuits; the electronic slurry is an electrical retardation slurry, which, in conjunction with its ceramic tiles, has been replaced by the import of ceramic envelopes for machetes and electronic slurry. It is expected that more new products will be introduced in the future.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report