Events: Kansan office released its annual report for 2024, the company collected $5,211 million in 2024, Kimshan office (68811.sh)
This represents an increase of 12.4 per cent over the same year; a net return of 1.645 billion yuan, or 24.8 per cent over the same year; a net profit of 1,556 million yuan over the same year, or 23.3 per cent; a net operating cash flow of 2,196 million yuan over the same period, or 43 per cent over the same period; and a net profit of 566 million yuan over the same period.
The commercialization of the calai application continues, promoting a robust growth in individual subscriptions.
In 2024, the public and wps' personal operations achieved revenue of $3,283 million, an increase of 18 per cent. Of this, domestic revenues of $3.1 billion, and cumulative annual payments of 41.7 million, an increase of 17.49 per cent.
Wpsai has 19.6 million active monthly users. wps have well-established overseas operations, with Wpsoffice having 632 million globally active equipment at the end of 24 years, an increase of 6.22% compared to 6.22%. Of this, Wpsofficepc has 291 million active monthly equipment, an increase of 9.81% compared to 9.81%;
The Wpsoffice mobile version has a monthly active equipment of 341 million, an increase of 3.33 per cent over the same period.
Wps365 has landed in China, China Food, China Iron, China Medicine, etc., among the top clients of various industries, and companies have accelerated their coverage of private and local enterprises. In terms of government and innovation, companies provide products that are represented on the wps client and in the middle of the document.
Clients have upgraded their procurement from a single software product to wps365 platform. In 2024, the company wps 365 and wps software services collected $4.37 million and $1,268 million, respectively, compared to the same year, moving towards the choice of wps365 office services.
Cost controls are good, and the product system is improving. In terms of costs, in 2024, the company's sales focused on research and development of the products in question and the cost of research and development remained high. In 2024, the company's research and development staff numbered 34,473, or about 67% of the total staff.
(a) Deep integration of the type with the whole-line product, using the "ai gateway" to centrally manage different large model capabilities; and (b) corporate integration of multiscreen experiences to achieve pc screens, tablets, mobile screens and one of the cores of the Web
(iii) Upgrading of the private cloud version, reducing the deployment of the co-location platform, supporting the fit-out of the ai product cindasecuritiesco., Ltd. compatible with domestically produced hardware.
Gold House No. 127, Wumenxi Street, Beijing. Profit forecasting and investment rating: company end-of-life commercialization, number of monthly devices.
An increase in the number of user fees on an equal basis; a continuous integration of the ai function at b end, with a bright performance of wps365 operations Risk factors: a product market is less acceptable than expected; downstream customers are less able to pay as expected; components are not, are not relevant and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in the present report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.