2024: strong growth in wps365 operations, i.e. strategy, 24/03/2025
c End-of-end client size effects are evident, wps 365 business growth is strong, i strategic start-up business is liquidating billions of yuan (+18.00 per cent), revenue is 64.12 per cent, and toc client size effects are visible; of this, office suites 437 million (+149.3 per cent) business is dynamic; and "office software, layout documents, cloud files," is achieved.
b. End client demand. wps software/principal-other business has declined, mainly due to corporate strategic adjustments that have driven clients from using wps software to selecting wps365 office services. With regard to the “allinai” strategy, the company's key battle product wpsai has been continuously upscaled, and smart office assistant wpsai has been active monthly users up to 1968.8 million.
In the past, users used the ai function mainly for text generation, pt design and data analysis; now, with the ability of the ai and the big models being upgraded, companies are focusing on upgrading their table data processing capabilities to meet user data analysis and bi-technology needs. At the same time, business practices have validated the increase in the number of users of the ai product and commercial changes.
In addition, the company made it clear that it was “very confident that it would achieve high growth in wps 365 business over the next five years” and that it would move further in the next five years to use the ai as its core technology, allowing the ai to adapt to each of the existing products. We believe that the scale effect of the build-up of the company's c-clients is sustainable,b
The market for cloud-based services at the end of the business is expanding in scope, and revenue growth driven by the ai is still in its early stages.
During the reporting period, companies achieved a growth rate in revenue (+12.40%) and net return profits (+24.84%) and a profitability increase of 12.44 pcts over the same period.
The core strategic direction, the continued increase in R & D investment in the areas of collaboration and coi, has effectively enhanced the company's intellectual office skills 2024 semi-annual reviews: toc-led subscription growth, market competitiveness in the domain, and industry influence. Companies combine large models with full-line products in depth, using the “ai gateway”
The year 2023: fast growth of subscriptions, wpsai, managed large model capabilities, successfully solved the compatibility of large models and achieved a model behind different functions.
The self-developed wps365 focuses on key techniques such as data cloud storage, smart processing, and security sharing, providing users with comprehensive multiplatform office solutions. The company also worked deep with China to launch the wps version, while harmonizing the pc end with the mobile end structure, creating multiplatform account integration, cross-end calls, and cross-screen synergies.
As a whole, the company’s business continues its high-quality growth performance, driven by sound R & D inputs, and further increases in the ecological abundance of its wps products. We believe that the scale effects of corporate c-client build-up are sustainable, and that b-business-rich cloud services markets are rich.
There is much room for expansion, and the one-driven income growth is still at an early stage. And, overall business maintains a high-quality growth table with annual operating income of 6,114 million yuan, 7,464 million yuan, and 9,184 million yuan, respectively; net repatriation profits of 1,966 million dollars are less than expected downstream demand; technology overlaps are accelerating; and market competition is increasing.
The team has a deeper industrial pool of resources in advanced manufacturing, civil-military integration, new energy, new materials, etc., specializing in top-down industrial chain research and resource integration, looking at the upgrading of Chinese-made transformations, and working to explore the direction of strategic and emerging industries, offering full services to a second-tier market, and expanding the depth and breadth of productive integration to create value for the market. In the alternative, the future will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
This report is prepared by China Shipping Securities Ltd. (which already has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board). It is not intended for any area, country, or other area under its jurisdiction in which China Air Securities Ltd. and its associated companies have violated local laws or regulations for sending, issuing, receiving or using this report. The copyright of the material in this report is a Chinese air security unless otherwise indicated. No material or contents of this report may be altered or reproduced in any way without prior written authorization by China Air Securities.
The information, tools and materials contained in this report are provided to you only for reference purposes and are not intended as an invitation to sell, purchase or subscribe to securities or other financial instruments or as an invitation to others.