The Wps365 rate jumped, and one co-opted the new space.
Growth of 24.84 per cent, resulting in net profit from non-mortality of $1,556 million, with robust business growth, combined with wps365 personal operations, double-digit growth in revenue and net profits: 1)wps personal business: corporate contribution
2 wps365 operations: with sound product power and high-quality services, companies continue to consolidate their client advantage in the field of corporate interests, accelerating their efforts to upgrade technologically enabling office software, enhance user experience and promote the growth of subscriptions by individuals both within and outside the country.
Coverage of private enterprises and local state enterprises, with a steady rise in market influence on wps 365 products, contributed to strong income growth. Sub-business, corporate wps personal business/software business/other
Cost control has worked well.  National Product Office (NOP) flagship, strategic focus collaboration and ai field, Kimshan office is the leading office software and service provider in the country, core product package
It includes the wpsoffice series of office software, golden mountain files, wps 365, covering individual, business and government users, covering more than 220 countries around the world, with more than 600 million monthly active equipment for major products. As of December 31, 2024,
Wpsoffice's global monthly active equipment was 632 million, an increase of 6.22 per cent over the same period. Of this, Wpsofficepc's monthly active equipment was 291 million, an increase of 9.81 per cent over the same period; Wpsoffice's mobile monthly active equipment was 341 million, an increase over the same period
3.33%. With improved product capacity and high-quality services, the company ' s new Wps365 pole clients include China Yun Group, China Food Group, China Iron Group, China Medicine Group, China Green Fae, Jiangxi Bank, New East, Taikang Insurance, Haile, etc.
Companies continue to consolidate their client advantage in the field of interstate corporations, accelerate coverage of private and local enterprises, and steadily increase the market influence of wps365 products, contributing to a strong increase in Wps365 business income. Companies continue to work around the two main lines of collaboration.
Increased investment in research and development to enhance the market competitiveness of products in the field of smart office and industry, while expanding markets and increasing the size of users.
As the office software expands its capability boundaries with the advances of large-scale i model technology, i and the office landscape become more closely connected, and companies insist on investing in i innovation and development, which has generated 19.6 million active users per month, benefiting from user size.
With the use of sticky upgrades, individual users have uploaded over 260 billion files to the cloud.
The office platform of the organization and the enterprise, with three main competencies: access to files, ai, collaboration, and i further the organization’s efficient collaboration and security control. The office software fee rate continues as the digital transition accelerates and users’ demands for office efficiency increase.
Upgraded. The company's ongoing layout in the field of collaboration and i, such as working with Wah to launch the wps, has been successfully tested with the office docking in Kimsan, and is expected to expand the payment.
Space provides a new impetus for corporate business development. Moreover, thanks to the acceleration of national production, wps365 has increased penetration in education and party politics, the cohesiveness of government clients has increased, the positive policy dividends have been added, and the medium- and long-term growth dynamics are clear.
With the ability of an individual company to grow robustly, wps365 has opened up new growth, overseas expansion has been hampered, traditional software business has not evolved as expected, the commercialization of ai technology has slowed down and industry competition has intensified.
Presentation by the M.A. in Economics, Huadong Teacher Training University, 6 years of experience in the securities industry, November 2021
Toyomei: Graduated from Shanghai Transport University and joined the team in October 2023.
In the 12-month period following the reporting date, the index of representativeness of the relevant securities market for which a stock market is based on 300 indexes: the new three market is based on three indexes (for the subject matter of the agreement on transfers) or three market indexes (for the subject matter of the market transfer)
The Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
Yes, but with no assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information. We have tried to report it objectively and impartially, but the information and views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, the information, the opinion, and the specific investment purpose, the financial circumstances of the person who obtained the report.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.