KIMshan Office (688111) company review report wps 365 high growth, and the ai Emancipation progressively reflects the annual report review of KIMshan Office (6881.sh) 2024
Income profits continue to grow and R & D inputs (millions of shares) continue to grow: The Division has continued to increase collaboration and co-operation around the core strategic direction of “many screens, clouds, content, collaboration, ai”
Research and development inputs in the field to drive innovation, upgrade products, create products that are more responsive to the needs of users
6.22%. Of this total, Wpsofficepc has a monthly active device of 291 million, an increase of 9.81% over the same period; wpsoffice has a mobile version of a monthly active device of 341 million, an increase of 3.33% over the same period. The company continues to contribute to the replacement of the important strategic product wpsai, with a Wpsai programme for individual users.
Public helpers, including i-writing assistants, i-reading assistants, i-data assistants, i-design assistants.
The annual report highlights the steady growth in performance, the commercialization of the ai, the positive office experience, which significantly reduces the user threshold for the use of the ai function.
Wps365 for a new upgrade of organizational-level clients, one-stop-ai.
A new upgrade for organizational-level clients, consisting of wpsoffice, wps collaboration and wpsai enterprise editions, successfully managed to access files, collaborations, ai capabilities and achieve a one-stop shop. In addition, the company launched the Kim Shan politics office model for party clients, released a wpsai government policy version, and created a political scene.
Intelligent support. Wps software business revenue is $12,679.95 million, a decrease of 8.56% from the same year. The Department responded positively to national policy by focusing deeply on the needs of its clients and providing clients with wps clients in the army.
The company is the leading office software and service provider in the country, driven by policy and technological change, in the future.
Continued growth of firms and firms, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. Risks of lower-than-expected growth in the number of pay-for-service users: lower-than-expected risks of nationalized substitution processes: risks of increased competition in the market for office software by other firms; and macro-environmental risks.
The index, the Hong Kong market benchmark, is a permanent index, the United States market benchmark is a standard 500 index or the NASDAQ index, the new three-board benchmark index is a three-board index (for agreement transfers) or a three-board market index (for market transfers) and the North Exchange benchmark index is a North Certificate 50 index.
The data used in the commitment report are based on compliance channels and the logic of analysis is based on the professional conduct and professional competence of the author, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and adopts