During the first half of 2021, the merchants continued to pursue the "one city one template" strategy, with more than 60 per cent of their investments in the one-and-two-line core city.
Urban deep-farming achieves phased results, increases performance and continues to fall into two-line central cities, with over 60 per cent of investments in first-line and core-line cities, effective protection against corporate sales performance and overall year-round pressure to achieve sales targets
In the first half of 2021, commercial snakes adhered to a city-by-city template and upgraded over time, with sales reaching $17,698 million in January-June, an increase of 59.9 per cent compared to the previous year.
In January-June, in 11 cities in Suzhou, Yutsu, Nanjing, Shanghai, Shenzhen, Nanton, Dalian, Xian, Dong-jung, Smoking Station, Shao-Hing, etc., commercial snakes entered the local annual cumulative volume of traffic sales, Top10, and in January-June 2021 over 60 per cent of the resources were obtained.
Second, the recovery of revenue, the recovery of profits, and a decrease of 9 pct operating income of $44.6 billion in January-June 2021.
Reason: First, most of the projects carried over from the same period in 2020 were high-priced, profit-making spaces
Kang Xiaogang, the cost of the third fee dropped by 9.0 percentage points to 15.8 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
Under the three red lines, housing companies focus not only on indebtedness, but partly on the money, Ho Chihu, but also on the efficiency of the use of the money, from the three red lines of the merchants.
In terms of indicator changes, the net debt ratio increased by 5.9 percentage points from the end of 2020 to short-term cash debt by 9.8 to 1.4 times, and, on the basis of keeping green lines, the business community increased the efficiency of the use of funds and offered greater possibilities for enterprise development.
During the first half of 2021, the sales volume of commercial smugglers rose by 59.9 per cent compared to the previous year, at a rate lower than that of the top10 firms, and investment increased, with January-June accounting for 84.3 per cent of the total land expenditure in 2020, with 85 per cent of the projects starting during the year, which is expected to lead to a return to the stage.
In the first half of the year, sales rose by 59.9 per cent over the same period. In the first half of the year, as China ' s epidemic control was gradually regularized, the performance of the major housing enterprises resumed simultaneously, attracting the merchants to adhere to a city-by-city template and to upgrade over time, with sales of 17.698 billion yuan in January-June, an increase of 59.9 per cent over the same period.
53.6 per cent of the sales targets have been completed, with a greater likelihood of achieving sales of 770.22 million square metres, maintaining a high rate of growth in sales performance, thanks mainly to the firm ' s deep-farming strategy, which resulted in 11 urban markets in Suzhou, Fertilizer, Nanjing, Shanghai, Shenzhen, Nantung, Dalian, Xian, Dong-jung, Cheong, Shao-hing and others in January-June 2021.
The share is at the top, and the real estate market in these cities is very good, providing protection for businesses to increase their sales performance. 2021 was opened in the course of the year, contributing to the achievement of annual sales targets. More than 60 per cent of the investment city is located in second-line cities, both first-line and nuclear, with an increase in the proportion of investment in cities in the central and western provinces and in urban development circles.
Merchant snakes insist on the layout and deep-farming of the core cities, which are the basis on which business sales performance can be enhanced. Their long-term and deep-cultivated brand reputation and customer loyalty are conducive to the realization of corporate sales premiums, while companies have expanded access to a variety of resources based on their diversified business experience, such as the company's access to the New City Fair at the West Foshan Station Hub in the first half of 2021.
The construction or operation of several centres; and the acquisition of pre-service qualifications for three old re-engineering projects in the Grand Bay region. Chart: Distribution of new land reserves in January-June 2020 and January-June 2021 for commercial snakes by level of energy II. Collections, substantial recovery of profits, 9 pcc
With the pace of progress in the construction of the enterprise and the increase in the completion of the project, there has been a significant increase in business income, such as the business income of the merchant snakes, which rose by 83.6 per cent from January to June 2021, with community development, the completion of projects such as the Golden Mall in the Ningpo Sea, the Shenzhen recruiter, the X Quilan Valley, the Chengdu Great Cube, and the Buddha-era skylight.
In addition, in the first half of 2021, a gross profit of $11,522 million was realized, representing an increase of 98.6 per cent in the same year and a net profit of $5,833 million.
Increased, 37.14 million square metres were carried over by commercial snakes in the first half of 2021, up 80.4 per cent from 2,059,000 square metres in the same period in 2020; the recovery in gross and net profit rates was mainly due to two factors; but we believe that the decline in profit margins is inevitable because of various price-limiting measures in the industry environment, with management operating annually.
As the performance shows, “The downside of profits from real estate development is a common industry phenomenon, but at the same time we are acutely aware that real estate is moving out of the land dividend, the financial dividend, and now it's time to make a difference to management, and in 2021 our work will focus on improving our game-playing capabilities to sustain the profit-making dimension”.
III. The three red lines remain green and the financing costs are further optimized. Under the three red lines, housing enterprises focus not only on indebtedness, but some well-funded enterprises are beginning to focus more on the efficiency of the use of funds. The net debt ratio is 5.9 percentage points to 34.7 per cent higher than at the end of 2020, as measured by the change in the tri-red line index of the merchants.
In addition to increasing the efficiency of the use of financial resources and providing greater possibilities for enterprise development, the ability of firms to finance such enterprises during the period of integrated urban development and operations under the auspices of the Commissariat Group has been one of the company’s core strengths, with the average cost of financing falling to 4.6 per cent, as in the case of the $1 billion released on 14 April 2021.
In addition to the debt of a company of 700 million yuan issued for a three-year period, 356 per cent issued for a three-year period, 300 million yuan issued for a five-year period and 3.8 per cent issued, we have discovered that a further $7,590 million in long-term debt has been added to the commercial market in the first half of 2021, and that even if a permanent debt agreement was signed with a trust company, the cost of the debt would be relatively low and sustainable.
Debt swaps for short-term debt can provide companies with sufficient funds to expand their size while ensuring that the three red lines are met. Cash short debt ratios = (currency funds - restricted funds) / short-term interest-bearing liabilities Portability ratios = additional land storage/contractual sales area
Data 2021h1: Persistence = total land reserve/(sale area*2) roe = 2* average net profit/net asset
Roa = 2* net profit/total asset average inventory turnover = 2* operating costs/average inventory turnover = 2* operating income/total asset average
This report is based on publicly available information considered reliable by the GWK, which includes, but is not limited to, a wide range of channels such as corporate publicity, housing sector websites, Internet access, but which does not guarantee the complete accuracy and completeness of the information contained in it. For reasons of time and calibre, the content of this report may differ from the actual situation of the enterprise, for which the GWK is concerned, and for which the GWL is concerned.
The purpose of this report is to provide an impartial and objective response to business operations. In any event, the information or views expressed in this report do not constitute any recommendation to any institution or individual.
The information contained in this report, the tools, the opinions and the property rights of this report are in the hundreds of thousands of Han think tanks.