The company published three-quarter reports in 2018, and its revenue and net return profits grew steadily in January-September 2018, respectively, and continued to be more profitable. The company registered a high rate of growth in the 2018q3 battalion.
19.52 per cent, with a net gain of 41.63 per cent, q3 contributed 100 million dollars in net profits from the sale of power plants. Right, minus 33.9 per cent in net profits from the sale of power stations, continued to be more profitable. The same company ' s Māori rate of 29.77 per cent in the previous three quarters, an increase of 0.33 pt was reported in the comparison.
q3 sales cost ratio rises by 0.9 pct, but in line with last year, we believe that this is mainly due to increased sales and market promotion by companies in the third quarter in order to achieve steady growth; q3 management costs are only 4.3 per cent, a significant 3.8 pcc, 2.8 pc, a similar ratio to the total q3 rate, a significant decline in the same ratio and a similarity of the q3 rate.
Low-pressure appliances have grown in their internal capacity and have grown resilient. In the third quarter of 2018, the company ' s low-voltage electrical appliances entered a new round of rapid growth. 2018.8.19 device plate collection increased by 22% over the year, a slight decrease of 23% compared to the net profit of the same year.
In the second half of the year, the industry was affected by downside macroeconomic pressures, and companies remained resilient, reflecting a significant increase in endogenous growth capacity, mainly reflected in project solutions.
"According to performance growth, low-pressure appliances and household photovoltaics, increased competitiveness as a result of product upgrading, accelerated internationalization, network-building of channels and re-engineering of belts, and so on. Prices have declined steadily since this year, from the heart of the first half of the year.
4. " Low voltage appliances are back on high growth, big brains, global price increases for singles, automated production are expected to raise the annual rate of low voltage appliances to 33.5-34%. Photovoltaic power substations continue to move forward, and the overall performance of the same generation hours as the rapid increase in power capacity continues to be maintained. "
In the first three quarters of 2018, the company’s photovoltaic block collection increased by 18 per cent on a year-on-year basis. The net profit from the sale of power plants was about 24 per cent. By the time of the third quarter, the company’s photovoltaic power station was installed at 1932mw, a 120mw decrease compared to the reported, as the company sold 200mw centralized power plants.
In recent years, the company’s photovoltaic structure has continued to advance, reaching 48% of the distributed power station load. The benefits have been sustained by the continuous improvement in the three-norths of light disposal, with the average number of hours of power generated by centralized power stations in the last three quarters reaching 1,245 small, a 40% increase in the same year, and a 1.569 billion yuan in electricity generation, a 22% increase in the same year.
▪ Over-expected decline in the landscape of the luminous industry; greater uncertainty in policies such as the limited acquisition of real estate; and the possibility that large upstream raw materials may continue to rise to exert pressure on the Māori rate.1 and 3 quarters of the reported Māori rate continue to rebound, with overall performance exceeding expectations
1.1 The performance reported by the company continues to perform well for a further quarter, with Thai appliances issuing three-quarter reports in 2018, and company revenues and net profit returns in January-September 2018, respectively, increasing the net profit from the sale of power plants by approximately 380 million (of which q30 million is approximately 100 million), net of the sale of power stations versus the return of the mother
Net profits have increased by 22.48 per cent and 30.33 per cent over the same period for both parent and non-mortality net profits.1.2 The reported performance of companies continues to be positive for one quarter, with a marked increase in corporate profitability in the first three quarters. Roe is expected to return to 2016 levels in 2018.
The level of production has lowered the company’s key profitability indicators, such as roe, roa, and we expect that the company’s roe will be able to raise the management costs control during the first three quarters of the year, with a significant reduction in the three rates. q3 sales cost ratio ring rises by 0.9 pct, but, consistent with last year, we believe that it is mainly due to the company’s increasing sales in the third quarter of each year.
As of the third quarter, the company reported a total of 12.1 per cent of the three rates for this year, a significant decrease of 3.3 per cent over the previous year, mainly as a result of management costs, a decline in operating cash flows, but the overall situation remains good.
The net operating cash flow declined by about 16 per cent over the same period, resulting in a net profit on the company ' s operating cash flow going down to 53.2 per cent, but the company ' s overall collection increased to 100.9 per cent relative to 2017, and the company continued to maintain a higher rate of growth in 2 low-pressure electrical stores, with a steady increase in the light-voltage sector.
2.1 A brief description of the operation of the sub-blocks Low-pressure electrical plate: the first three quarters of the low-pressure plate saw a 22% increase in revenue compared to the 2018h1 low-pressure branch with a slight decline in 23.23%.
The low-pressure appliance industry is also under considerable downward pressure. The net profit on low-pressure appliances grew by about 24% in the first three quarters, and, unlike the downward trend in the harvest, we believe that an acceleration in the net profit rate may have been a double advantage: the cost-rate ring of 1q3 fell significantly over the first half of the year; the low-pressure Maori ratio rose gradually.
Low voltage electrical non-net profits increased by about 30%, and we believe that this increase is mainly due to the contribution of new photovoltaic power plants in the third and fourth quarters of last year and the first half of this year, and based on the company's photovoltaic power station operating data, the revenues from photovoltaic operations in the first three quarters of this year are the same.
This represents a 22.3 per cent increase, while the net profit from the sale of the photovoltaic block without deducting the power plant is about 24 per cent. 2.2 The low-pressure harvest in the industry continues to increase at a higher rate, with a steady increase in the Maori rate throughout the year.
Level. Since the second quarter, China’s macroeconomic downward pressure has gradually increased, with some export-oriented small and medium-sized enterprises facing difficulties owing to the intensification of the Chinese-American trade war, and the low-pressure electrical industry has experienced some downside pressures. Given the industry’s current situation at the beginning of the year, we believe that the low-pressure electrical industry may have experienced a double increase in its annual growth rate.
We re-emphasize that the firm's internal competitiveness in the low-pressure market is steadily increasing, which will ensure that growth in the size of the firm will always go beyond the industry in the future. We take stock of the company's competitiveness.
This increase is reflected mainly in the following: 1 project solution capability enhancement. The company has set up a direct sales team at its headquarters, a deep focus on electricity, machinery, construction, communications, new energy, industry and six other major markets at the same time.
Remobilizing agents to participate in the project-based market is increasing project solutions. Two product upgrades have resulted in increased competitiveness. In more than two years on the market, the Kunlón series has been more successful with better value for money, and now accounts for over 30 per cent of the overall low-pressure block collection.
Meanwhile, in the last two years, Nojak products have benefited from increased internationalization and high-end industry market expansion, and industry revenues have risen rapidly and have gradually emerged from the loss. Overall, the gradual upgrading of products to Kunlun and Noyak has led to solutions for corporate products.
The rapid increase in the competitiveness of distribution markets.3 The pace of internationalization has accelerated. Through the acquisition of visual appliances and Egyptian factories, companies have stepped up their layout in West Asia and Africa, while firms have adopted low-pressure solutions, strong local performances, and the use of low-pressure solutions.
In the last two years, companies have gradually increased the pace of overseas market expansion, with 24.4 per cent growth in offshore revenue in 2017, with low-pressure electrical revenue rising significantly faster than the growth of the company's photovoltaic plates overseas, and in the future we will judge the firm's low pressure abroad.
The market will continue to grow at a high rate. 4 channels of network construction and re-engineering will lead to an increase in fighting power. The company has a network of 2,000 distributors at all levels.
The capacity of large clients to develop, to serve their clients in depth, and the company's continued six provincial re-engineering programmes in the first half of the year, which have been further optimized, will clearly lead to a rapid increase in the strength of the channels.
q3 prices have been falling steadily, and the year-round Māori rate is expected to rise. Since the third quarter, the prices of copper, silver, etc. of raw materials have declined, benefiting the company from a recovery in Māori, but at the same time, as the industry has grown, competition has intensified, and the industry should all be working to increase the price discounts, which will certainly be guaranteed.
Overall, the company’s low-pressure appliances should continue the q2 ring colour market in the second half of the year: the copper price ($/t) colour market in the Yangtze River: silver ($00/t) 2.3 light voltage power station transfer structure continues to progress and overall performance continues to grow steadily.
The improvement of the PV structure continues to be optimized, the distribution ratio has increased to 48%, and the benefits of the booster power plant have risen. On December 31, 2017, a stock transfer agreement was signed with the Zhejiang Water and Power Group, Gansu, which holds the new PV energy source, and nine centralized PV projects in Ningxia district.
51% of the shares were sold to the Provincial Water and Power Group in the amount of $540 million, the total capacity of which is 405 megawatts (MW). The company kept about 200mw of the minority shareholders in the power plant, and the public relations company completed the sale confirmation company for these stations in the first half of the year, contributing about 290 million yuan in net profit to the mother.
In the future, the company will continue to upgrade its distributed power station loads, and on June 29 it acquired 703 million of Lungi Green Energy 17 projects totalling approximately 106mw-distributed photovoltaics. According to the latest photovolt operating data, the company continued to sell 200mw centralized power stations in Gansu during the 3rd season, mainly in Shandong, Jiangsu, Anhui,
In the eastern and central regions of Zhejiang, Hebei, etc., 77mw distributed power stations have been added, and the company has generally reduced the size of some 120mw power stations in q2 and the grid. The company has been reducing the Northwestern central power stations for the past year, increasing the number of partially laid power stations in the Middle East, which will effectively reduce dependence on State subsidies and increase the rate of cash flow back.
In addition, the company has been able to achieve an overall scale in the restructuring process, which effectively controls the significant increase in asset-liability ratios.3 Profit forecasting and investment proposals
Given the decline in commodity prices and the 3-6 per cent rise in the Māori ratio of company-owned major products, and the productivity gains resulting from the effects of smart manufacturing and scale, we expect the Māori Māori of corporate low-pressure electrical plates to grow by more than 20 per cent throughout the year.
The rate is expected to reach 33.5-34 per cent (up to 33 per cent in half a year) and the total net profit of low-pressure appliances is expected to result in a significant reduction in the size of domestic installed aircraft, with a greater impact on the company ' s domestic epc operations and household photovoltaics if the industry ' s climate drops beyond market expectations.
2) Large quantities of raw materials such as copper, steel, plastics account for the higher cost of low-pressure appliances. If large quantities of raw materials rise, they may have a greater impact on the company’s Māori rate, thereby affecting the company’s level of profitability. 3) Low-pressure appliances are more used in real estate and there is greater uncertainty about policies such as limited access to real estate.
The impact on the area of new work in real estate and real estate sales is greater.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment