Qingdao beers (600600) food beverages.
The net return to the mother was 2.42 billion yuan, an increase of 30.2% over the same year, of which 21q2 earned 9.36 billion yuan, a decline of 0.3 per cent over the same year, a net return to the mother was 1.39 billion yuan, an increase of 5.8 per cent over the same year, and q2 slightly exceeded market expectations. The ratio of high-end share rose significantly, and the national expansion was good.
Growth of 8.24 per cent; sales of 2.53 million tons of flagship beer, 21 per cent over the same period, including 1.37 million tons of high-end beer, 41.4 per cent over the same period; sales of 2.2 million tons over other brands, 3.2 per cent over the same period, with the company ' s high-end transformation upgrading continuing well and the sales of high-end beer rising by 7 pp over the same period.
By 29%, the share of major brand sales also rose from 47% to 53% in the same period last year. Thanks to this, (1) the sale of fresh, high-end beer, represented by all-meat beverages, has erupted; (2) the company continues to push low-end Xiaoshan beer to the middle end of the Qingdao classic product structure upgrades, and the company’s upper-end beer has expanded rapidly.
The yellow-coast national expansionist market strategy has worked well, with more than 15 per cent of revenue growing at the high base in the Shandong region and in the north-east of the country: the historically dominant regions of South-South and South-East have recovered well...the same revenues as the core base markets, breaking through the strategic belt emerging markets, and now have more than 200 Aoshima 1903 places in the country.
Bars and national expansion continue to improve. The cost of raw materials collide with the effects of the epidemic, with a slight pressure on q2 revenues. 21H1 Māori ratio is 44.4% higher than the corresponding increase of 2.6 pp, affected by an outbreak across the country at the end of the second quarter.
Recovering the high base effect of the epidemic over the same period last year, the q2 income was slightly overstretched; cost-side pressure was mainly due to the rise in raw materials such as glass, packages, etc. In terms of cost rates, the company’s costs were precisely invested, marketing resources were tilted towards the main brand, and sales were 18.3%, which remained at the same level last year; and share-equity incentives were used to amortize the costs.
The beer industry has entered a period of high-end transformation dividend, and the company’s three main growth logic has continued to materialize. After the transition period that has passed since 2017, the beer industry is now in a good state of high-end transformation, with consumers nurturing first-hand, with higher-end spending on alcohol, and the industry is in a high-end dividend release period.
It is believed that the three main development logics for the future of the company are continuing to be fulfilled: 1) New high-end beer products, represented by all wheat and white beverages, are expected to break out, while traditional big, pure monoliths remain a leader within the industry; 2) The company has a vast base of low-end beer sales in the North of China, and the continued push for low-end structural upgrading will release the company.
(c) Performance elasticity; 3) Performance is constantly optimized and canning rates are rising, providing firm guarantees for the long-term growth of the company’s overall profitability. 1. Qingjia beer (60000): 100-year-olds are raining.
No compensation will be obtained either directly or indirectly from specific recommendations or views in this report because of the fact that structural upgrades have taken place during the wave (2021-06-22).Sixan Securities Holdings Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.