Profitability remained stable and high-end growth accelerated - Qingdao beer (600,600) was reported in mid-2021: $18,291 million in operating income in the first half of Qingdao beer, an increase of 16.66 per cent in comparison; belonging to
The net profit of the parent company was 2,416 million yuan, an increase of 30.22 per cent in the same year. Of these, the growth in operating income and accounting performance in the second quarter was in line with expectations, with a steady increase in profitability as a result of the rapid increase in the volume of high-end beer sales. The cost of sales increased by 0.01 percentage points to 18.29 per cent in the same year.
Increased sales costs were mainly due to increased sales and increased brand promotion by companies, as well as to the impact of the new crown epidemic on government social insurance costs relief during the same period; the administrative cost rate increased by 0.64 percentage points to 3.94 per cent over the same period, mainly due to the implementation of restrictive stock incentive schemes to recognize share payments and the impact of the new crown epidemic during the same period
Auyang-woo's sword is growing faster, and the southeast is growing faster.
On the sales side, in the first half of the year, the company achieved 4769 million litres of beer sales, an increase of 8.2 per cent compared to the previous period, of which Qingdao's beer owner brand sales, 2,528,000 litres, an increase of 20.9 per cent compared with the previous year, leading by 12 percentage points in the overall sales volume, heyouhang@cczq.com
At this point, Qingdao's sales of beer and more products increased by 41.4 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and the structure of the product was upgraded at a faster rate.
The cost of packaging, etc., is higher. The sub-region looks at Shandong, South China, North China, East China and Southeast China International Centre, 15th floor, 1000th floor, Shanghai, China, China and China.
And 242.4% of North and South and South and South and South and South and South-East growth in profits are significant. The Department is oriented towards upgrading the product structure, focusing on the main products, and achieving super-highness through high-quality, differentiated products.
We believe that the company’s high-end strategy is continuing, and we believe that the company’s high-end strategy is continuing, and that it will continue to promote the implementation of the brand strategy of the Chengdu China (Sichuan) Free Trade Experiment.
At the same time, it is hoped that high-end advantage will be used to continuously expand out-of-town markets and achieve the corporate “uptake” rating.
The client of the company (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) uses it. The company is not considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving the report and has no direct business agreement with the company.
The reader is not a client of this company, and the company has no responsibility for propriety. Before this report is publicly disclosed or agreed to by this company, it is classified material from this company, and if it is received by a non-client of this company, please return and delete it in a timely manner and keep it confidential.
The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which can be changed at any time without notice. At different times, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.
The company is not obliged to update all recipients of this report on the basis of analytical comments or trade views that are inconsistent with the report, based on different assumptions, research methods, instant dynamic information, and market performance. The information contained in this report may be modified without notice.
This view, the recommendation, does not take into account the specific purpose of the investment, financial position and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, and does not at any time constitute a recommendation for private investment in the client. Based on the company ' s Risk Level Assessment Management for Products or Services, a study on the value of listed companies is consulted with the opinion of a professional finance consultant.
This report and the performance of the company’s future relevant studies.