Ecurities Center for Upgrade and Recreational Studies
Corporate fundamentals (RMB) grew by 0.6 per cent over 19h1, showing a weak recovery after excluding the impact of the base figure. 2) Prices: 21h1 tons of revenue + 7.8 per cent of revenue and q2 tons of income + 7.7 per cent of income, expected to result from accelerated product structural upgrading.
Local regions, parts of sku, have small price increases. 3) Product structure: 21h1 Qingjia brands are at the same rate as 20.9% (up from 7% in 19 years) and lead brands are up by 5.6 pct. h1 sales above high grades 1. q1 performances are above expectations and structural upgrades continue to accelerate .
Gradual recovery, with Shandong and Huadong net profits leading at a higher rate. 2. " Downward efficiency, long-term structural upgrading + improved net interest rates q2 cost-side pressure, structural optimization + improved rates increase profitability. q2 net interest rates are equal to the same rate.
3. "Q3 performance meets expectations, marginal profits accelerates " , price increases, ton cost per ton + 6 per cent, and pressure on packages, mainly boulders, paper boxes, etc., begins at cost.
- Qingdao's three-quarterly beer reviews, 2020.11.1 end show. 2) q2 sales rate is equal to 1.73pd; h1 sales rate is equal, but advertising and business promotion rates are still equal to +0.87pt and are expected to increase in post-infection high-end branding. 3) q2
4. q2 Performance Overexpected, and Business Efficiency Acceleration. Management rates are the same as +1.17 pct, mainly due to the recognition of equity incentive costs, adding the same as -9 per cent (about 8 per cent down from 19 years) and q3 sales or lower than the same price for the same period last year:
H2 and 22 years of increased pressure on raw material costs, which the industry is expected to transfer through collective price increases. Feedback from sources indicates that more than 200 sku are expected to make small price increases in local areas in January-July; starting with 16 August, Shandong's pure end supply price was raised by about 5%, and is expected to be transferred gradually to the plant price, followed by other regions,
In the medium-to-long term, equity incentives + people and productivity optimization are expected to contribute to the efficiency of operations.
The risk of recurring epidemics, increased regional competition, food safety problems, and higher costs of raw materials are over-expected.