q2 further increases in profitability, and high-end processes continue to push forward Qingdao beer (600600) semi-annual performance rating 2021: the company publishes its semi-annual report 2021.
Wei Hongmei’s impact, which in the second quarter of last year, the company largely reduced its operating pressure by crushing sales. 2020q2, the company achieved 2.7.6 million litres of sales, an 8.27% increase compared to the previous quarter.
In recent years, the company has been actively engaged in high-end strategic layouts based on the Qingjia and Sakayama II strategies.
The value-added product has been transformed, and the product structure has been continuously optimized to better meet market demand. At present, the company’s high-end strategy has yielded some results. 2021h1, the company achieved a total of 476.90 million litres of product sales, an increase of 8.20 per cent over the previous year.
A total of 252.8 million litres, an increase of 20.90 per cent over the same period; sales of high-end products in the Qingdao brand actively promote new scenes and increase brand dissemination. To further increase brand influence, companies are expanding their consumption scenes to meet the demands of high-end markets. "Tsingta 01903 Qingbing.
As of 2021h1, the company has opened more than 200 “tsingta 01903 Qingji Island Beers” covering 20 provinces and 62 cities, mainly in the second-line cities.
The company’s q2 profitability has increased. As the product structure has been optimized, the company’s Māori ratio has been steady, and this year’s branding costs have been concentrated on a quarterly basis.
The sales cost rate for 2021q2 companies decreased by 1.73 percentage points to 14.51 per cent over the same period; management costs; share recognition payments; and government relief from social insurance costs due to the impact of the new crown epidemic during the same period; financial costs were -0.65 per cent, an increase of 0.64 percentage points over the same period, mainly by companies
Debt instruments, such as property, are accounted for as a result of fair value change gains. At the Māori rate and fee points, the company’s profitability is further enhanced.
The elasticity of profits is expected to ease further as the company’s high-end strategy continues. The “recommended” rating of companies is maintained.
This rating system's “market index” refers to 300 indexes. I have a qualification or considerable professional competence in portfolio investment advice granted by the Chinese Securities Association, and I am available independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner.
This report is produced with knowledge. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.