Qingdao Beers (60000). The product structure continues to be optimized and the company’s profitability is stable. The company issued its 2021st semi-annual report. During the reporting period, the company achieved 182.9 billion yuan in operating income, an increase of 16.66 per cent over the same period.
A single-season operating income of $9,363 million was achieved, a 0.24 per cent decline in the same year; the product structure of the mother-to-child net profit was optimized and the volume price increased substantially. During the first half of 2021, the national beer market was recovering, driven by a trend of rising industry fees.
18,89 million litres of production. The company achieved a sales volume of 4,769,000 litres, or +82 per cent, of its products, of which the main brand, Qingjia, sold 2,528,000 litres of beer products, which increased by the same amount, with the fastest increase in the south-eastern region, with revenues of $480 million during the reporting period.
The international market, where companies plan ahead of time to adjust the layout, react quickly, and market sales are equal to +21.3 per cent, q2 earning less than expected, mainly because of the impact of outbreaks across the country, and by adding to the high base of the epidemic ' s recovery during the same period last year.
* Cost rates are well controlled during the period, and the Māori rate/net interest rate has risen steadily.
Optimization and cost control are effective, Māori +0.80 to 43.70 per cent, net interest rates are the company's point of view. (1) The company continues to actively pursue its brand strategy of Qingdao Beer Masters + Tianshan Beers 2nd brand, optimize product structure, increase product structure.
Brand dissemination and channel innovation, further building of new heights for beer immersion, leading to high-end product consumption trends, now covering more than 200 Qingjia 1903 bars across the country, with continued national expansion; (2) accelerated digitization of companies
The transformation enhances synergies and is expected to lead to sustained improvement in management efficiency; (3) Companies develop multi-channel professional distributors and continuously improve distribution networks covering major markets throughout the country, covering more than 100 countries and regions around the world, and consolidate them
The dominance of the Al-Qaida market is accompanied by an increase in emerging market ownership, which, as a leader in the industry, is expected to maintain a competitive advantage in the domestic beer market for high-end products with an expanding high-quality development outcome.
Considering the position of corporate industry leaders, high-end products have the potential to continue to outperform expectations, giving a “recommended” investment rating. Qualifications. This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities.
But there is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information. We have tried to report it objectively and fairly, but the information in the report and the views expressed in it do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, and the information, opinions and opinions do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financial position and specific needs of the persons who were taken from the report and do not at any time constitute an individual to anyone.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial status and specific needs.