21H1 income growth is robust, product high-end support profits are high, Aoshima beer (60060000) is reported to be six months old in 2021 21h1 income is robust and product high-end support profits are high
According to \triangleright, the 21h1 company’s pick-up has been growing steadily, and the profit end has benefited from continued product ups and ups and ups, much faster than the income end. The single q2 crop has declined slightly in the same year, and the net profit has increased slightly in the same year, mainly because of last year’s growth.
After the epidemic subsides, the rapid recovery of sales and the active replenishment of the stock through the add-up channel resulted in a higher performance base. 21h1 sold 476.90 million litres of beer, compared to 8.24 per cent, in terms of sales and ton prices; sales averaged the unit ' s position compared to 300 feet deep.
The average sales price was $3631 per thousand litres, compared with 7.38 per cent. Of this total, the main brand sold 2,528,000 litres, compared with the rate of +20.90 per cent, the main brand grew at a higher rate, leading to a continuous upgrading of the product structure, an increase in the output ton price, and an increase in the overall Māori rate.
The Māori rate of 21H1 was 44.40%, and the ratio was +2.64 ppt (q2 was 43.70%, and the ratio was +0.80 ppt), mainly due to the continued optimization of the overall product structure as a result of the high growth in the sales of major brands. (2) The government reduced social security costs due to the new crown epidemic during the same period last year.
The R & D costs s010519010004 are mainly accounted for by fair value change gains.
Advancing product structural upgrading and increasing branding 21h1 focused on major products and spearheading the development of a unique taste of Qingjia bean, a series of artistic brewing products such as "100 Years of Wine, Amber Lager" that were drawn through a combination of high-quality and differentiated products.
In the international market, companies plan ahead of time to adjust the layout, increasing market sales and international influence with a rapid response, with 21H1 overseas market sales equal to +21.3%.
The company continues to actively pursue its branding strategy of Qingdao's Beers Master and Qingshan Beer 2nd, and now has a significant role to play in innovative marketing, with improved profits, more than 200 tsingtao 1903 Qingdao Beers distributed throughout the country, further building a beer immersion experience.
The new highlands continue to meet the multi-layered demands of consumer individualization, landscapeization, ready-to-be, high-end, etc. Quarterly Report 2021 Quantities of Aoshima Beer (600600): 21q1 performance is higher than before the epidemic.
In combination with the company’s performance in the first half of the year, we have revised the previous profit forecast upwards. The company is expected to achieve revenue over a period of 21 to 23 years, using an averaging method, and maintain a “recommended” rating, taking into account the firm’s certainty and primacy in growth.
The company’s financial statement projections are summarized in Jed, Beijing University, Bachelor of Economics and Master of Arts.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.