Satellite chemistry (002648), improved product matrix, new material operations leading to new and high-quality growth pathways Strength-relay chain extension, expanding operations: companies are the leading producers of the domestic chain of light hydrocarbons industry, continuously extending upstream products to higher-end downstream products with raw material cost advantages, continuous expansion of production capacity and high-end downstream products
In the first three quarters of 2023, the company achieved business income of $30,882 million, an increase of 11.21 per cent over the same period; the net return profit of $3,394 million c2 was a pre-existing advantage: 1) the raw material import supply chain is highly barrier-free: the U.S. oversupply of ethane, the overlaying of the re-notes, the provision of flexible space and strong safeguards for the supply of company raw materials; and the company has taken the lead in the possession of very rare pipelines, wharfs, shipping vessels, etc.
CHANG JINGS NETWORK EXPORT RESOURCES; 2) The price of ethane is expected to remain low in the long run: US ethane fission project has slowed production + exports have been restricted to keep excess ethane prices down for a long time. At the same time, ethane and natural gas prices have been close since 2012 and have returned to low prices.
In part and still possible, low-cost raw materials generate excess returns for companies; 3) downstream product matrices are expanding: the Division is expected to replace the c2 and c3 industrial chains with a national production of eaa, extending the industrial chains to metallic polyethylene, α-vinyl hydrocarbons, etc.
High-value-added products such as poe, boost corporate profitability. c3 Operations have a strong lead position: 1) unique downstream layout: compared to the pdh-pp industrial chain of most companies in the market, companies are deep farming the c3 industrial chain and downstream products are well-placed. The annual production capacity of the satellite chemical acrylic acid has reached 840,000 tons, with future production falling with capacity.
At 1.2 million tons, the raw material end-pdh process has cost advantages + industry leader + industry leader + product end-to-end, which leads to firm certainty and profitability. At the same time, the company is going to buy new and expensive materials, epoxypropanes, and strengthens the one-size advantage; 2) volume prices are expected to rise: the company is active in the c3 industry chain, with continuous input; acrylic acid and
New materials business opens up growth space: 1) dmc business: there is continued high and rapid development of the electrolytic solution up the chain of the new energy automobile industry, and the country currently has a wide range of high-end production capacity in dmc. The company eo produces CO2 by-products from devices and achieves low carbon processes; 2) poe business: poe film with anti-pid properties and water and gas barriers, which currently depend entirely on imports.
The market is large and growing fast. The company is the first listed company in the country to have α-vinyl hydrocarbons/poe production, and 1-octane is evaluated to be internationally advanced and will strengthen the company’s combined strength in the new material market at the high end of the poe.
The company is the leading industry in the country in integrated production of the chain of light hydrocarbons.
The company's products are widely used in aerospace, semiconductor industries, new energy vehicles, buildings, home textiles, medical chart 1 satellite chemical development journeys, strong chain-to-chain extension, building the advantages of the c2+c3 industrial chain integration. The company was registered in August 2005 and was established.
In December 28, 2011, the Shenzhen Stock Exchange was listed at the beginning of the main business of acrylic acids and esters, which introduced the first U.S. uoppropane dehydration device through equity acquisitions, gradually gaining the status of c3 industrial chain leader, such as the pdh II project, in the whole industry layout of "propane-propylene-acrylic acid and ester-high molecule polymers" since 2017: in the area of layout c2
The construction of channels such as ethylene resource locking and the supply chain connection of marine raw materials has been completed, the downstream expansion to functional chemicals and the Green New Materials Industrial Park project, the construction of a whole industry chain layout for ethylene-ethylene-functional chemicals-chemical new materials, and the acceleration of the construction of new high-end energy sources such as battery-grade carbonate, \alpha-vinyl hydrocarbons and poe chains.
To maximize low-carbon development and profitability by maximizing the synergies of the industrial chain by-product radon gas for the production of dioxyhydrazine and argon gas by-products of ethylene oxide.
The company has a well-established staff performance evaluation and incentive mechanism to better motivate managers, attract and stabilize good managerial talent and technical and business cadres, with four consecutive shares in 2014-2021.
The equity incentive scheme was accompanied by the implementation of the employee equity plan, which set net profit growth rates, net asset returns, building of the base, etc., as a condition for unlocking the lockout, of which both the 2016 and 2018 equity incentive schemes had been successful, and the second release of the equity incentive scheme in 2021 had been achieved.
Completion, with the current first period of ownership and lock-down regularly expiring, totalling 3.8 million shares. Figure 3 Satellite chemical equity structure 1.2. Recovering performance expectations and technology continuity
Since 2022, factors such as the new crown epidemic, the conflict in the Russian Federation, and energy tensions in Europe have led to high prices for the company’s main raw materials and energy sources, raising the company’s operating costs, and a significant impact on the net profit from maternity in 2022. Since September 2022, the price of ethane has started to fall significantly to historical normal levels, and is expected to remain low in the long run, at a cost.
The decline contributed to improved profits, while several high-end products of the company were installed to drive successfully and operate well at once, and performance improved. In the first three quarters of 2023, the company achieved business income of $30,882 million, resulting in a net profit of $3,394 million for its mother, an increase of 11.21 per cent and 11.43 per cent, respectively, of which $10,868 million, an increase of 21.34 per cent, respectively, was earned in the third quarter.
Figure 4 Satellite chemical operating income and its rate of increase per year Figure 6 cost components of satellite chemistry 2020-2022 (in billions of dollars) Figure 7 Satellite chemical operating income and operating costs increase by the same rate as operating costs
To 28.01%. The company’s Māori rate in 2022 was affected by the rise in the price of raw materials, while the rate of Māori in 2023h1 high molecules has reached 27.74% in 2022. The company is gradually moving towards operating revenues from new materials, technology-type enterprises, and satellite chemistry operations (in billions of yuan).
Figure 9 Cost controls for satellite chemistry operations are significant, and R & D advantages are highlighted. Corporate management costs as a share of revenue have been declining in recent years, falling to 1.13 per cent in the three quarters of 2023; sales costs as a share of revenue have been around 0.3 per cent since 2021; due to:
Even the corresponding interest-costing of loans brought about by the introduction of projects such as cloud petrochemicals has led to an increase in financial costs, which has now been gradually restored to a low level, with lower rates for the overall period. In addition, the company has continued to build up its research and development team to build an innovation system for research and development, and to develop satellite chemistry rates for 10 satellites.
Figure 11 Chemical R & D costs of satellite (in billions of yuan) 2. Upstream lightization process accelerated, downstream domestic production space still exists, 2.1. The production process is mature, and the production of raw materials is diversified.
The production process for acrylic hydrocarbons is diverse and consists mainly of oil fission, coal-based and light-hydroene hydrocarbons. The oil route is mainly pyroclastic, and the rest consists of petrocephalus, which has developed in combination with traditional steam fission and fcc technological advantages; oil-catalyzed fission; heavy oil exposure fission (hcc); and heavy oil-cpp-based oil-based crude oil-pressure slag (cpp)
Coalification routes include coal-based hydrocarbons (cto) and methanol-based hydrocarbons (mto), and light hydrocarbon routes include mainly ethane fission, ethylene dehydration, acrylate (oct) and propane dehydrate acrylate (pdh).
The cost of ethylene fission material is significant. Except for the coal-based hydrocarbon route, the price volatility of ethylene oil vapour fission, ethylene fission, methanol and ethylene route raw materials can have a significant impact on the cost of ethylene preparation. In August 2023, the U.S. ethanemb price averaged US$221.95/tonne, and the cost of ethylene fission ethylene should be relative to the price of ethylene at US$236/tonne.
The price of Brent crude oil is around $50.7/bpm and the corresponding price of coal is around $335.7/t. The current price of oil is high, Brent crude oil remains above $80/bpm, power coal is above $800/tonne, and the cost of the ethane fission process has significant advantages.
Figure 15 shows the cost structure of the different ethylene routes. Figure 17 Domestic power coal prices (in yuan/tons). Figure 16 US ethane prices and Brent crude oil prices.
There are multiple advantages to light-material ethylene. The ethylene harvest is more directly related to the raw material, with ethylene recovery decreasing as the raw material is light to heavy, with 77.73% for ethane cracking and 33.62% for cerebral oil cracking. On the by-product side, the main by-product of ethylene fission is hydrogen, with high economic value; and on investment and energy consumption, with the process of cracking.
The raw material is light to heavy, and the relative energy consumption of the production process is gradually increasing, ethane fission is a clear advantage vis-à-vis cerebral oil and light diesel, with investment and energy consumption of approximately 134% and 153% of ethane fission, respectively; for co2 emissions, the ethane fission response process itself is almost non-generation of co2 and meets low carbon policy requirements.
The pdh process has a clear comparative advantage in terms of investment operations. 1) The pdh process is shorter than the refinery by-products and steam fissions, with fewer process processes, simpler installations, lower investment and operating costs, higher profitability at pdh under medium and high oil prices than traditional processes such as steam fission. 2) In terms of rates, the propane dehydration process has a single raw material, with only hydrogen and acrylic products.
In this respect, domestic propane is mainly derived from the by-products of refineries, which produce a higher volume of lpg (LPG) and are unable to meet the requirements of the pdh process material, so that our supply of pdhpropane is highly import-dependent and therefore the price of propane raw material and Brent.
Crude oil prices are highly relevant, and pdh has a cost advantage when oil prices are stable.
Table 3 Comparison of the hydrocylene dehydration process Policies related to the light-qualitying of raw materials are being introduced. The Guidelines for the Development of the Oil and Chemical Industry "135" of 2016 and the acceleration of the upgrading of existing ethylene installations are mentioned; The Petrochemical and Chemical Industrial Development Plan (2016-2020) of 2017.
It was again noted that the upgrading of existing ethylene devices, the light-mass conversion of ethylene raw materials and the enhancement of their competitiveness were accelerated; that the launch of the “14th Five-Year National Cleaner Production Implementation Programme” of the Programme of Action to Reach Carbon by 2030 in 2021 provided important instructions for the efficient catalytic and greening of development; and that in November 2021, the National Energy Agency issued the following statement: “Energy diversification is not a fossil”.
Fuels are zero, material ends are striving to achieve such important elements as low-carbonization, lightweighting, diversification, etc.; in March 2022, the Guidelines for Promoting Quality Development in the petrochemical industry were further elaborated in documents such as the Guidelines for the 14th Five-Year Process for the Development of the Chemical Industry, which guide the lightening of the feedstocks, optimizing the structure of the aromatic material, and increasing the use of the by-products of carbon five and nine, among others.
The global share of light raw materials has continued to increase, and the process of lightening them has accelerated. According to the Economic and Technical Research Institute of the Middle Petroleum Group, the share of spherical cerebral oil in ethylene raw materials has declined from 62.8% in 2010 to about 47.6% in 2022, ethylene.
The proportion of raw materials increased from 17.3 to 21.4 per cent, with 4.7 million tons of new production capacity in 2022, including 2.45 million tons of new pdh capacity, or 52 per cent of the new capacity, according to pecan petrochemicals.
The pdh-propylene process in my country is extremely difficult to achieve. According to the pulmonary statistics, the amount of tons per year is only 11.16%, and the scephalus is still the main route for the production of ethylene. In the lycephalic fission process, the current middle-stone oil is self-produced ethylene fission, subject to raw material acquisition, transportation, etc., only satellite chemistry is the only one in the current market that has signed a contract for the import of ethylene.
The Bureau imports the Ethylene Ethylene project, which has multiple advantages but high barriers to entry and a longer period of landing, and therefore has a long-term pre-emptive advantage. And because of the relatively easy access to propane, the pdh ratio in the acrylic production process is huge, and according to statistics such as pelvis chemosification, the total capacity of the future new Acrylic project is now 38.4 million tonnes/year, of which the pdh process is capable.
2.3. Downstream chemicals: the structure of operations is diverse, demand continues to grow, and demand continues to grow. Ethylene continues to be used as an important chemical feedstock.
The ethylene downstream structure is rich, with constraints such as polyethylene, ethylene oxide, and ethylene transport bottlenecks, so that most enterprises use direct imports of their downstream products. The import self-sufficiency of ethylene downstream products has declined in recent years, but remains high, with ethylene imports remaining above 35%; ethylene imports are dependent on imports.
Below. There is still much room for substitution of domestic production, taking into account the demand for ethylene equivalents after import of downstream products. The demand for acrylics has continued to grow, with a high start rate. Acrylic downstream applications are widespread, mainly for polypropylene, up to 70.3%, followed by epoxypropanes and acrylates, which account for 6.90%.
There has been a steady increase, reaching 456,366 tons in 2022; import dependency levels are low and have now declined to 5.12 per cent; our production of acrylic production projects has been active in recent years, effective capacity has been rising and capacity utilization is around 80 per cent; figure 29 shows consumption and imports.
Figure 30 Structure of downstream products, Figure 31 Production of Acrylic Production and Energy Utilization Rates, 3.c2 Operations: First Published Bureau, High Barriers in Industry
3.1. The company's three-tier moat, protected by ethane, is the companion to the natural gas extraction. The gas extraction is followed by oil and gas separation, and the separated gas is wetted into the gas treatment plant (gasprocessingplant) via the pipeline, where the gas is dryed up.
The gas (drygas) is separated from the ngpls (naturalgasplantliquids), ngpls is made up of a portion of the refinery gas (lrg), which contains gas condensate (ngl) and refining plants (hgl). The ngl is transported into the ngl pipeline into the distillation plant (nglfration) and splits out pure ethylene, propylene, propylene, and pristine.
Alkanes, butanes (including isobutane) and penanes.
US natural gas supply has been growing for a long time. US natural gas production and ngpl production have been on a long-term upward trend. Since the shale gas revolution, ngpl production has grown faster than natural gas production, with US natural gas production increasing by about 4.86% in January-September 2023, and ngpl production increasing by about 6.08% in January-September 2023, all at high levels in the same period of history.
Figure 34 US natural gas production and ngpl production. Figure 35 US gas drilling rigs.
ngl and ethane production continue to affect ngl and ethane production. According to eia data, ngl and ethane production have increased rapidly since the shale oil and gas revolution in the United States, and production of ethane has remained constant at 30-40% of ngl production. In July 2010, ethane production in the United States will increase by 8.71% per year compared to the previous annual energy outlook for eia 2022, which predicts that ethane production in the United States will continue.
Figure 36 U.S. ethane production and ngl production returns to provide a lot of space for ethane. Because ethane has fuel properties and is active with natural gas, it can itself be sold as natural gas, so natural gas is mined into a gas treatment plant, and when the price of ethane is lower than the price of natural gas,
Some of the ethanes are put back to natural gas for sale at their thermal values. According to icis, the percentage of ethane in total natural gas production is about 42%, and the percentage of propane is about 28%. Procane, butane and penane are almost entirely recycled during the production process, so it is possible to estimate the ngl in the amount of propane divided by the assumed ngl as a percentage of the content.
An average of 7471 million barrels per day per year and an average of 7366 million barrels per day per day per year for 2016-2022, with a sufficient re-entry of ethane in US figure 38 (in thousands of barrels/day) The ethane fission project has slowed down and future domestic demand for ethane has weakened. The shale gas revolution in the United States has led to ethane production.
In the United States, the first wave of ethylene fission was launched in 2018, ending around 2020, with Bayportpolymers starting in 2021 due to the effects of the epidemic. The first wave of ethylene fission in the United States was about 10 waves.
Project to increase production capacity by about 1.04 million tonnes/year. Following the launch of the second wave of production wave in the United States in 2022-2024, however, the production of tons of tons/yearly capacity is well under way, the capacity of the ethane fission produced from this round is expected to decline significantly before, and future demand for ethane is expected to increase in China as the largest exporter of ethane in the United States.
Annually, exports of ethane increased from 40 kbpd in 2014 to 420 kbbd in 2022, with a compound growth rate of 34.17 per cent for cagr, a significant increase. Exports increased by 13.51 per cent in 2022, down from 14.29 per cent and 4.17 per cent in the previous period, and are expected to slow down in 2021, as a result of restrictions on the construction of export terminals.
Previously, Canada was the largest exporter of ethane in the United States, while China imported ethane in the United States in 2019, after which demand for ethane grew at a high rate, becoming the largest exporter of ethane in the United States in 2022, accounting for 35.12 per cent of total exports of ethane in the United States.
The supply of ethane in the United States has always been higher than the demand. In recent years, the supply of ethane in the United States has been consistently higher than the demand, and future ethane supply in the United States is expected to continue to increase with the increase in natural gas production. Demand has been constrained by the slowing down of domestic ethane fission projects, which have led to the gradual filling of the final load of the exported end-loading capacity.
The difference is 0.39 million barrels per day for 2.41 million barrels per day and 2.02 million barrels per day, respectively. According to eia, the U.S. ethylene supply was 2.62 million barrels per day in 2023, the U.S. demand for ethylene ethylene ethylene was 2.14 million barrels per day, the difference rising to 0.48 million barrels per day, and the difference will last until 2024.
Figure 41 U.S. ethane supply and demand pattern expansive (in millions of barrels per day) 3.1.2. The company has scarce resources for ethane exports from the United States. US export terminals are almost full and will be limited in their future expansion. There are currently only three ethane export terminals in the United States.
For marcushook, morgan'spoint and Nederlandterminal, of which marcushook and morgan's point are close to full capacity, the export terminal under the United States company orbit, which includes a new route to Germany, was co-financed by Nederlandterminal for the satellite chemistry United States subsidiary and ergy transfer
The pipeline of the division plant and storage facility in Montbelview, Quesas, is used to transport ethane to the export dock. According to the current long-term agreement, the terminal will provide 175,000 barrels of ethane per day (approximately 3 million tonnes per year) for satellite chemistry and has signed an exclusive agreement that will continue to be available for satellite chemistry in the future or in excess.
Stagnating, with no remaining export terminal construction plans. Figure 42 US main shipping route for ethane, Figure 43orbit ethane pipeline and export terminal
Vlec ships need to be customized, invested in large and long cycles. The boiling point for ethane is much lower than for propane, so a dedicated low-temperature gas transport ship is required for the transport of ethane during long-range maritime transport. In logistics, ethane ships in the current market are operated.
In order to ensure that the raw materials required for the two phases of the Liam Cloud petrochemical project are transported on time, the company has fully deployed the vessel leasing operation of the Vlec. There are currently 14 Vlec ships, of which there are six in one phase and eight in the second phase, with a single vessel carrying up to 98,000 cubic metres (approximately 52,000 tons/twice), for the lease period.
On July 18, 2023, the company proposed to negotiate a ship lease agreement with the sinogas or its associates to meet the construction needs of the α-FOA complex project, as well as the supply security of the raw materials, or to further improve the capacity of the ethane transport.
Production runs and high barriers are built in industry. 3.1.3. The re-entry of the price of ethane into company process costs continues. The price increase of ethane was previously driven mainly by the price of natural gas. Since the shale gas revolution in 2012, natural gas and ethane have been associated with the natural gas industry.
Production is increasing, and the price of ethane renotifier is increasing, so the price of natural gas is having some impact on the price of ethane. In addition to the note part, most ethane will be used to prepare ethylene, and when the price of ethane is too high, the price of ethane fission ethylene is higher, the profit contraction leads to a decline in the company’s motivation to produce, and the installation start-up rate leads to a decline in demand for ethane, which is forced.
The price of ethylene has fallen, so the price of ethylene will have a pressure effect on the price of ethylene. The ethylene refilling has further contributed to the price increase for the last round of ethane, with a 10-year average of 1.58 for the 2010-2019 price of ethane compared to the spot price of henryhub natural gas, which has been declining again since April 2019 after a brief recovery from 1.3 to May 2020, and
In February 2021, it dropped to 0.75. The continuing low price of ethane relative to the spot price of henryhub gas contributed to a significant increase in the rate of re-inflation of ethane from 9.88% in June 2020 to 17.65% in February 2021, and remained at 12% in the left sea.
The difference between the price of ethane and henryhub gas in figures 45 and 45 (in US$/million) and 44 ethylene fission ethylene (in US$/t)
Figure 47 U.S. ethane production and revalued (in thousands of barrels per day) Figure 46 ethane price/henryhub gas spot price
Figure 48 U.S.A. ethane re-notation ratio (in US dollars/millions of H.C.) Figure 49 U.S. ethane production - consumption (in millions of barrels/day) ethane prices are expected to remain low in the future, and companies maintain cost advantages for light hydrocarbon processes:
1) The U.S. supply of ethane is sufficient for its own supply and demand, the rate of recitation is maintained at less than 10%, supply is consistently higher than demand and will continue in the future, excess supply is a long-term pressure on the price of ethane and the ethane route is expected to remain long-term 2) for external events, due to special events such as the conflict in Russia and the European energy situation, short-term market waves
The prices of natural gas and ethane have increased significantly, and since September 2022 the prices of ethane have fallen significantly to record positive 3) For the relationship with gas prices, the US cash prices of henryhub have been below $2.65/mmbtu per month since February of this year.
Since 2023, United States gas reserves have exceeded the average of the first five years (2018-2022), eia expects gas stocks to remain above the average of five years this year, adding up to Europe ' s eng reservoir targets ahead of schedule, although gas prices are still affected by seasonal demand and European Liquefied Station strikes, and gas prices below high stock levels are still well below last year ' s prices.
G, according to eia ' s projection, the price of natural gas at the port of Henry ' s in 2023 was $2.58/mmbtu, a 59.8 per cent decline in the same year. The price of ethane has been close to that of natural gas since 2012. The future trend in gas prices is indicative of changes in the price of ethane, which in September 2023 was nearly double the price of ethane to the spot price of henryhub, almost five years ago.
The company will maintain the positive yield on production costs for operations c2. Figure 50 Gas prices are expected to increase slightly (in US dollars/millions of heat) and figure 510223 to the present five-year average of United States gas reserves.
Gas storage - average five-year storage (billions of cubic feet) 3.2. Industrial chain layout has a pre-emptive advantage 3.2.1. Achieve industrial chain integration
The company seized the opportunity of the shale gas revolution, pre-empted the import of the ethane fission acetylene process, opened the raw material import supply chain, expanded the downstream product matrix, extended high-value-added products, and formed an industrial chain of “advanced chemicals and chemical-specific chemicals” in ethane. Phases I and II of Company c2 2021 and 2022
In 2021, the new Green Chemical New Materials Industrial Park project was signed, and the production units were completed at the end of 2022; and in 2023, the new Alpha (a-benzene) integrated use of the new high-end materials industrial park project was re-signed.
New energy materials projects such as deep layout ethanolamine, polyether monomer, polystyrene, and new energy materials such as carbonate have a significant pre-emptive advantage of upstream-downstream development. In addition, companies have industry-wide chain regulation, modelling, continuous production, and have a significant competitive advantage in low-cost production, supply stability and quality stability.
Table 9 Operational production profile for satellite chemistry c2 (tonnes per year)
3.2.2. Launch the first eaa installation in Asia to create a national production replacement first. eaa is made of ethylene and acrylic acid polymers, and the reactor can be a tube or a pane, with a molecular structure similar to low-density polyethylene (ldpe). Satellite chemistry has achieved the c2 and c3 operational industrial chain.
Integration, ethylene in the eaa preparation process is the upper end of c2 and acrylic acid is the upper end of c3 and the firm ' s strong layout c2 and c3 industrial chains are integrated to promote whole-chain upgrading, chain value addition, industry-wide integration, innovation development and strong synergies. Currently, eaaa is dependent on imports in the country, and companies have joined forces with kkgc in 2021.
Eaaa installations, including eaa phase with 40,000 tonnes/year eaa capacity, expected to be completed by 2025; eaa II with 50,000 tonnes/year eaa capacity, with a greater variety of products and brands, and wider applications. Global eeea capacity is monopolized by overseas producers, and companies are expected to lead the domestic market.
Corporate monopolies and high market concentration, industry cr5 is close to 90%, and our eaa product is entirely import-dependent. Of these, the global market share of the United States dupont is as high as 24%, the global market share of the United Kingdom is 19% in Ineros and Japan's Mitsui, and the global market share of the Korean sk is 18%. According to China's petrochemical data, the annual domestic import of eaaaa is 20-30 million tons.
Medium- and high-end composite packaged material has an annual demand of about 15,000 tons for coated eaa. The future of eaa’s industrial layout is expected to yield significant benefits to the company.
ethylene and alpha-vinyl hydrocarbons are products of co-polymeric production with high processing performance, rigidity and transparency, high heat cover intensity, high stress-resilient fission, excellent weight reduction, and are now widely applied in a number of areas. The main production processes of mpe are soluble, environmentally managed siltation, and gas phase. The greatest advantage of gas-compatibility is the modification of the original system using z-n catalysts.
We're using the gas phase process, we're currently having a weak production capacity, and the company's new investment project is expected to upgrade our national production. In 2022, we had a 4.5% global share of polyethylene production, compared to 25.62% in the United States, while we have a 25.6% demand for polyethylene.
The year-to-year increase in demand has resulted in an import dependency of over 86%. Fertilized polyethylene performance has improved somewhat over conventional polyethylene, and has been used more widely, with a price differential relative to common polyethylene, which has gradually recovered since August of this year. In June 2023, a satellite chemical announcement proposed to invest approximately $25.7 billion in the construction of the \alpha-vinyl hydrocarbons complex of new high-end materials estates.
It includes 2 sets of 500,000 tonnes/year high-end polyethylene, the successful delivery of which will be effective in achieving the supply and demand of our metallic polyethylene (tonnes) in our country.
Figure 56 Prices of polyethylene, our main macaroni metal (in yuan/tons), and figure 57 differentials between polyethylene and lldpe (in yuan/tons) 4.c3 operations: precise positioning,
4.1. Industrialization: Difference layout, leader running company has formed an entire c3 industrial chain. Satellite chemistry c3propylene downstream, polypropylene and acrylic acid.
Quick advance the construction of 260,000 tons of high molecular emulsions project, which expands the development of new chemical materials such as acrylic textile emulsions, coated emulsions, adhesives, battery glues and coatings downstream of acrylic acids, and promotes a significant increase in the quality and quantity of the company’s industrial chain. At the same time, the new energy integration project for new materials at the company flat lake base is scheduled to be delivered by mid-2023, which will make more efficient use of pdh at the end of the year.
The resource for the production of polycarbonols forms an industrial chain of acrylic-acrylic acid-acrylates. Tonne/year polypropylene devices, 840,000 tonnes/year acrylic acid and 1.05 million tonnes/year acrylic acid devices, 210,000 tonnes/year high molecular emulsion devices, 150,000 tonnes/year high water-sorting resin devices, 21,000 tonnes/year organic pigment intermediate devices for satellite energy.
The gas/900.000 tonnes/80000 tonnes of polycarbonol 80000 tonnes of new chemical materials and hydrogen energy using integration projects are planned to accelerate construction of tons of high-molecular emulsions. The company has a unique downstream layout and a strong integration advantage in the positive layout of the c3 industry chain, especially the AC chain.
More than 72% of the production capacity is in the pdh process, while most of the Pdh enterprises are engaged in downstream production of polypropylene, with low value added and low risk resistance. The price differentials between epoxypropanes, acrylic acids and feedstocks are relatively strong. There is currently a relatively small amount of acrylic acid and esters, which, according to tradium petrochemical statistics, account for only 3.90% of the downstream structure of acrylic acid and 70.30% of polypropylene.
The total annual Acid production capacity currently stands at 3,935,000 tonnes, of which only five companies using the pdh process to prepare acrylic raw material, with a combined annual capacity of 1.76 million tonnes, and a satellite chemical capacity of 660,000 tonnes, have been deployed since 2005, transferring the C3 profitability centre to the sub-propylene deep processing product, while continuing with the lower layout high molecular emulsions, sap, etc.
Figure 59 Acrylic downstream and Acrylic price differentials (in yuan/tonne)
In 2023, Hppo was listed as a national incentive project with a purity of 99.99 per cent. On 13 September, it was announced that it would acquire 100 per cent of the stock of Xanax and that the Xanax Poo device would use the Hppo-legal epoxy propane process technology. Three sets of 450,000 tonnes/year dioxy water (hp) devices, 1 400,000 tonnes/year po units, etc. have been completed
With this acquisition, the company has successfully deployed the epoxy-propane industrial chain, while the company has performed a strong integration advantage from by-product hydrogen to dioxywater to epoxy-propane.
The demand for acrylic acids has increased steadily, with acrylic acids and saps as the main downstream structure. Acrylic acids have been used extensively downstream, with 60% of them being the highest, followed by acrylic acids at 20%, which together account for 80%. According to the peabolization, in 2022, the country ' s acetyl acid watch consumption was 23.74 million tons, an increase of 11.89% compared to 11.89% in recent years.
The price differential for acrylic acid has been low and is expected to recover in the future. A total of 1.95 million tonnes/year of Acrylic Acid production has been announced, with the satellite chemistry programme continuing to produce 200,000 tons of Acrylic Acid per year.
Acetate is expected to recover at a low point, with repair time. The production of acetate in the production capacity of all types of acetate is now far ahead of the rest, mainly for glue and acetate emulsion, and is widely used in packaging and construction. Since 2016, the demand for acetate has slowed somewhat, with apparent consumption in 2022, as a result of the landscape of the real estate industry.
The satellite chemistry has already produced 860,000 tons per year, the market will have low capacity for future additions, the status of the satellite chemical dragons is significant, the business priority benefits are restored, and the performance can be repaired.
Figure 63 for acrylic esters (in tons) and Figure 64 for esters
Figure 65 Butyl Acid has an energy supply pattern and Figure 66 Acrylic Best price differentials are expected to be repaired (in yuan/tons) to win new opportunities for development
5.1. The country ' s share of clean energy in energy consumption is expanding. The structural characteristics of energy consumption are predominantly coal and the share of oil, gas, hydropower, etc. is small. In 2010, the share of coal in energy consumption was 68 per cent, while the share of oil was 19 per cent.
As the country ' s economic base continues to strengthen and its high-quality development becomes a priority, the State has promulgated a series of carbon peaks, carbon neutrality and policies to accelerate the green transformation of development approaches, the energy low-carbon transformation continues to deepen, and cleaner energy production grows faster, according to the National Economic and Social Development of the People ' s Republic of China in 2022.
The Statistical Bulletin recorded total energy consumption of 5,410 million tons of standard coal for the year 2022, with coal consumption declining to 56.2 per cent, and clean energy consumption of 25.9 per cent for natural gas, hydropower, nuclear power, wind power, solar power, etc., increasing the share of clean energy in energy consumption.
Figure 672022 China ' s energy structure, figure 68: Our share of clean energy. Hydrogen energy demand is growing, downstream applications are becoming more abundant.
With high heat, carbon-free, clean and efficient, and rich applications, gas is considered to be the best vehicle for replacing fossil energy with clean energy. As more and more countries join and propose carbon peaks, carbon neutrality, and targets, demand for hydrogen energy rises.
The White Paper on the Battery Industry projects a demand for hydrogen in China of 35 million tons in 2023 and nearly 60 million tons in 2050.
Figure 70 China ' s hydrogen energy demand (in tons) The company responded positively to the country ' s double carbon policy, with a forward-looking profile of hydrogen-related industries. In August 2018, the company installed the hydrogen-based pure and 220,000 tonnes/year-old dioxyhydroxy water units, using the hydrogen by-products of the propane dehydrate acrylic devices in combination with the recycling economy.
In April 2019, Zhejiang Satellite Hydrogen Technology Ltd. was established, and a strategic agreement was signed with Zhejiang Province Energy Group Ltd. to join the Long Triangular Hydrogen Infrastructure Industry Alliance to promote the rapid development of the hydrogen energy industry. In 2021, the company used high pure hydrogen to supply raw materials for two-oxy water devices, with excess hydrogen for 4.44 million litres/year, waste hydrogen for enrichment.
It was also used for fuel reuse to the boiler system, resulting in the recycling of clean energy; in March of the same year, the company proposed the construction of 3,000 tons of hydrogen gas filling stations and 11,000 tons of liquid hydrogen installations and ancillary facilities per year in the Qosan Port area: 140,000 tons of hydrogen from the 2022 Cylonite Fracture Project: May 2023, new materials and hydrogen energy use the Equivalence of the Integrated Project
In response, 40,000 tons of hydrogen can be produced annually. Figure 71 shows the chemical hydrogen energy layout of the satellite, which already has a superior hydrogen production capability.
It can reach 99.99 per cent, with an annual production of about 72,000 tons of hydrogen by-products of 900,000 tons of pdh and an annual production of 2.5 million tons of hydrogen by-products of the ethane fission device, which can be used directly for hydrogen energy use. With the company’s new materials and hydrogen energy, and with the release of the IPP ring review, the project will result in an annual production of 40,000 tons of hydrogen/90 million tons of acrylic/80 million tons.
With new carbonol chemical materials and hydrogen energy using the production capacity of integrated projects, satellite production of chemical hydrogen will exceed 250,000 tons. Corporate hydrogen applications are widespread, with high value added. According to company announcements, the satellite chemical by-product hydrogen gas is used mainly for 1) planning demonstration projects for hydrogen energy utilization in the park, including hydrogen energy shuttles, hydrogen energy storage for staff commuters, etc.)
Provision of green hydrogen supply to enterprises in the park, reduction of CO2 emissions from hydrogen production in the park, creation of recycling economies in the park and renewable energy use: 3) chemical development with radon as a raw material for the production of dioxyhydrazine using radon gas; production of synthetic ammonia for acetylene production from the nitrogen gas reaction from the production of epoxy ethylene; and production of methanol for carbon dioxide. dmc
Management, with a strong industrial synergy. In addition, satellite chemistry is marketing hydrogen to further enhance corporate value added.
5.2. dmc takes advantage of the new energy to the east wind with a significant profit margin The market for downstream consumption links is large, with different purity products covering various types of demand. The two largest shares of downstream consumption in dmc are electrolytic solution and polycarbonate (pc), which reach 46% and 30%, respectively.
While pc has a huge market demand in the country, a high value-added product, a sustained increase in consumption and production capacity, driven by foreign capital technologies and domestic policies, is expected to contribute to the further development of dmc by its purity (99.9%) and electronics.
(99.99%) For applications such as polycarbonate esters, phantom fluids, glues, etc., purity is generally required at the industrial level, whereas for electrolyte solvents, the electrolyte level is required at the electronic level and for batteries that are partly used in highly sophisticated areas at a high level of 99.9999%. New energy vehicles are on the move, and the solution of electrolyte upstream of the industrial chain continues to develop at a high rate.
The implementation of this policy is continuing, and it is expected that a further increase in the share of the market for new energy vehicles will provide a significant boost to the development of the market for electrolyte solutions. At present, the volume of new energy cars sold and the amount of lithium ion cell electrolyte delivered in our country has increased rapidly, with new energy vehicles delivered 53% of cagr for five years, and the amount of lithium ion cell electrolyte delivered increased from 452,000 tons in 2014 to 2022
Figure 77 Lithium ion cell electrolysis fluids (in tons)
Tons, cr 6, 62.59%, with a high concentration of production capacity. However, the output is concentrated in industrial-grade dmc products, while the higher-purity electronic-grade dmc production is still at a low level, with only 190,000 tons of electronic-grade dmc production in 2021, which does not match the rapid development of the new energy sector.
The advantage is that it is expected to occupy a place in the emerging electronic level of dmc blue sea market.78 The distribution of dmc production in our country is shown in figure 79 for production and capacity utilization in dmc (tonnes)
The company ' s green chemical new materials industrial park project has a three-phase master plan to build 750,000 tonnes/dmc capacity, including 2 sets of 150,000 tonnes/year, 1 set of 150,000 tonnes/year, and a 300,000 tonnes/year carbonate series. For better performing lithium ion cell electrolysis, two or more organic devices are usually used.
A combination of solvents. Common organic solvent systems include ec+emc, ec+dec, ec+dmc+emc and ec+dmc+dec. According to company announcements, the product structure of the current satellite chemical construction project now covers four types of electrolytic solutions: dmc, dec, emc, ec, and can provide a holistic solution for downstream electrolysis clients.
With 26.5% of production capacity, the company will be the most complete, product-efficient, and process-cleanest electrolytic solution in the domestic industrial chain, leading by the cost of integration advantage. The company's carbonate product uses a process route of eo (epoxy ethane) exchange.
The company has developed its own unique advantages under this process. 1) The problem with the process is mainly that the upstream raw material eo is in high prices, while the satellite chemistry itself has a well-developed industrial chain, leading the production of eo in my national business and effectively mitigating the upstream cost pressures; 2) the public
The pureness of the raw material ethane is more than 99%, and the natural integrity of the material is conducive to the production of products with high purity requirements downstream; 3) the production of 1 ton of dmc by-products of 0.6 tons of ethanol can increase corporate income.
5.3. The technology leads the country by stabilizing the performance of the Poe 1st Platoon Poe, which is expected to benefit from enhanced penetration of double-faced components. Polyolefin elastomers (poe) are the absence of in situ polymers using ethylene and high carbon alpha-vinyl hydrocarbons (1-butylene, 1-hexylene, 1-octane, etc.) as catalysts for ferrous metals.
In the poe material, the polyvinylene chain crystalline zone acts as a physical interface with typical plastic properties, forming a rubber-elastic, non-stereotyped zone after the inclusion of α-vinyl hydrocarbons, with a unique structure that allows Poe to exhibit the dual properties of rubber and plastic. The poe film, compared to the eeva film, is based on its lower water vapour passivity, better tolerance and antipid performance.
The two-sided components are more efficient in generating electricity than the one-sided components, more resilient and more resistant. The penetration rate has increased continuously in recent years, reaching 40.4% in 2022, and in 2022, photovoltaics were estimated to be around 300,000 tons, or 44% of the total consumption of Poe, accompanied by rapid growth in the photovoltaic sector, Poe.
Our poe is dependent on overseas imports, and the market space is huge. Global poe production is concentrated in a small number of enterprises, such as Dow chemistry, Eke Sambil, sk and Sani chemistry, with about 48% of them, the largest Poe in the world.
In terms of demand, the global demand for poe products was about 1.36 million tons in 2021, of which China ' s market demand was 640,000 tons, rising from 21.15 per cent in 2017 to 47.06 per cent in 2021, and the country ' s demand for poe increased further to 692,000 tons in 2022, with consumption in the same period in the former. However, the core technology of poe is currently on hold.
There are no large-scale Poe production enterprises in the country, which have long been dependent on imports, controlled by foreign firms, and the first four countries have a huge national production replacement space.
Figure 84 Global and national consumption of poe (in tons) Figure 852022 Status of production and sale of the poe (in tons) Three technical difficulties in industrial production of the poe and high barriers to entry in industry.
The supply of 1-octane is inadequate and the vast majority of long-chaina-vinyl hydrocarbons are dependent on imports; in the case of catalysts, the ethylene/α-vinylene co-polymer production of the traditional production of the acetylene-polymer is not applicable to the production of the ethylene/artylene condensate, while in the case of our single-activity centre, the development of the metallic catalyst lags behind international advanced levels; and in the case of solution polymer technology, because of the lack of the high temperature solubility necessary for Poe production in the country.
The process of liquid polymerization explores the difficulties of large-scale domestic production in Poe. Breaking through the new "crystal" material technology, focusing on α-vinylene production capacity. So far, α-vinyl hydrocarbons/poe have not produced much, but are being planned to produce more, and satellite chemistry is the country's first \alpha-vinyl hydrocarbons/poe production.
In 2021, the company signed an investment in 15 billion yuan in the Green Chemical New Materials Industrial Parks at Lienhuang Harbour (including 100,000 tonnes of alpha-vinyl hydrocarbons per year and accompanying Poe production devices), and the installation of 1,000 tonnes of alpha-vinyl hydrocarbons per year of industrial experiments, completed at the end of 2022, has been stabilized. The products of the project include 700 tonnes of 1-octylene per year and 300 tonnes of 1-octane, of which 1-octylene is domestic.
In the first instance, while the current domestic production capacity is dominated by c4 separation of 1-butylene, the technology of more than c6 has not yet been fully broken and imported. On September 17, 2023, the company, α-vinyl hydrocarbons, successfully passed the results validation meeting organized by the China Petroleum and Chemical Industry Federation in Beijing, with the 1-octane purity index better than the domestic and international level of the same product, and high-yielding 1-octane technology filled the national space.
White. In June 2023, the company announced its intention to invest approximately 25.7 billion yuan in Lien Yun Harbour, and to build a new α-vinyl hydrocarbons complex using new high-end materials. The project is scheduled to begin construction by the end of 2024. It is expected that the post-natal campaign will further strengthen the company ' s combined presence in the new material market at the high point of Poe.
We make a profit projection for satellite chemistry based on the following core assumptions: raw material prices, which we found to be highly correlated with Brent crude oil prices, based on Brent crude oil price projections, calculated at $646/608/570 per ton for 2023-2025 in the Middle East; imported ethane prices
Ge is closely related to the natural gas price at the port of Henry, which was calculated by eia at a cost of US$ 145/180/195 per tonne per year for 2023-2025 for natural gas at the port of Henry.
Combining corporate integration devices can appropriately adjust the proportion of production of products to profit conditions and the operating environment, with a slight decline in the rate of start-up of functional chemicals-related products, and a slow recovery of price differentials for individual chemicals due to industry climates, but a fall in raw material prices has contributed to a rise in Māori rates at the cost end.
High-molecular new material business, with company high-molecular new material production expanding and contributing steadily, with high-molecular milk, sap and pigment intermediate rates remaining at 35 per cent, 21 per cent and over 52 per cent; low-level effects of falling prices of ethane and future gas prices, and growth of Māori rates for products such as polyethylene and polystyrene.
New energy sources and other operations, the production of high-value-added products such as eaa, poe, carbonate, and the vast market space bring new levels of performance to the company; the ability to produce dioxyhydroxide is further enhanced as the company acquires new and generous materials, while the company ' s double-oxygen water continues to evolve towards higher quality levels and further improves its profitability.
In addition, it is assumed that the company has no inventory other than raw materials and no purchases of intermediate products, taking into account the future industrial landscape restoration, the restoration of low prices for raw materials such as ethane propane, the gradual landing of the company's production capacity, the strong lead status of c3 operations, the first release of c2 operations, the new energy materials that will provide new opportunities for the company to develop in the future.
Keeping a high-speed high-quality growth track, we expect the net return profits of the company in 2023-2025 to be 11.93x/7.79x/6.48x, respectively. We have selected five representative companies in the domestic industry of the industry as comparable, industry-level averages, looking at firm performance certainty and future growth, and covering the first time a "buy-in" rating.
1) Performance is less than expected in the next three years: the company has a higher level of production, location or future profitability; 2) price volatility of raw materials: the company imports ethanepropane and the company is integrated into the industrial chain, and the price volatility of raw materials affects the company ' s operating costs;
3) Geopolitical issues: geopolitical issues or the resulting restrictions on exports of ethane, which affect the supply and start of company raw materials; 4) downstream demand is less than expected: downstream demand recovery is not expected to lead to a breakthrough in the price differentials for individual chemicals.
No direct or indirect relationship exists between the specific proposals or views expressed in the present report and the analysis and judgement of the individual researchers at the time the present report was produced, and does not represent the position of East Sea Securities Co. Ltd. or any of its affiliates or affiliates.
If the law allows, the company’s associates may hold and trade securities issued by the companies covered in the report and may be offering or seeking to present them.