Satellite chemistry (002648), basic chemical industries. Prices of products rebounded and three quarters of performance exceeded expectations. South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
* Incident: The company issued a performance forecast for the third quarter of 2023, which is expected to result in a cumulative increase in net return profits in the first three quarters The product price boom in the first three quarters was expected to be higher than expected. In the first three quarters of 2023, the company is expected to achieve a return: based on Treasure Information, in the third quarter of 2023, c2 products ethylene/epoxy ethylene/ethylene/styrene
c2 Products: US Gulf ethane prices on 13 October were 29 cents/silos, + 5 per cent compared to the beginning of the season, but were still relative to c3 products: according to Treblinka, as of 16 October 2023, the latest weekly averages were $7140/t, $6166.7/t, $7586.7/t, $9450/t, +1.1 per cent, 2.1 per cent,
In 2023, the company succeeded in achieving a limited petrochemicalization of the Krauts, producing 400,000 tons of polystyrene per year and 100,000 tons of ethanol ammonium per year.
Good operation; the company ' s autonomous 1,000-ton alpha-vinyl hydrocarbons industrial test facility successfully drove down to a downstream extension of new materials such as high-end polyolefin (mpe), polyethylene elastomers (poe), lubricating oil base oil (pao), super-high molecular polyethylene (uhmwpe) and resourceation of by-product hydrogen gas.
To the project's carbon reduction targets, to further consolidate the development of the company's functional chemicals, high-end new materials and new energy materials
The product structure of the company ' s c3 industry chain will be further refined upon completion of the trade. 1 Company Profile: Integration of the LFC industry chain to accelerate the deployment of new energy sources,
New materials Satellite chemistry was established in 2005 to produce and sell products such as (poly)propylene, acrylic acid and esters, ethylene diol, ethylene oxide and polyethylene.
In 2012, the company was involved in the pdh area, building the first domestic propane dehydration device to introduce U.S. uop technology, building the first self-owned intellectual property sap device in 2014, bringing the c3 chain up and down, integrating, and developing a “double-five” scheme in 2017, starting with a chain of c2 industry centred on low-carbon raw materials.
The company currently has three major production bases: Ka Hing, Ping Lake, Lihangang Harbour, which are divided into three large plates of new materials for high molecules, functional chemicals, new energy materials, and currently has the first domestic import of ethane-based integrated use devices, first propane dehydration units, the largest production units for acrylic acid in the country, hdpe, eo, eg, sap, etc.
As of 2023h1, the company ' s total assets amounted to $61,142 million. The company ' s equity structure is concentrated, with the first major shareholder being Zhejiang Satellite Holdings Ltd., holding 34.60% of the holdings.
The producer, Mr. and Mrs. Yang Ya-Jen, held 50.4 per cent of the combined shares, and the main subsidiary in the industrial chain, directly or indirectly, controlled 50.4 per cent, as opposed to the corporate “c2+c3” two-chain synergies,c with the strong advantage of full-industry chain integration.c3 On the other hand, the company is a domestic c3 industry chain leader and has now been established as “pdh-polypropene”, “pdh-propyl acid” and “pdh-propyl acid” (pdh-propylene)
Acrylic esters - high molecular emulsions. By 2023h1, 900,000 tonnes/year of propane dehydration (pdh), 660,000 tonnes/year of acrylic acid, 750,000 tonnes/year of acrylic acid, 450,000 tonnes/year of polypropylene, 220,000 tonnes/year of dioxygen water.
The development of new chemical materials such as emulsifiable fluids, adhesives, battery glues and coatings is expected to further expand the company’s industrial chain and extend and increase its resilience to risk. The new energy integration project for new materials at the plain lake base is scheduled to be completed by the end of 2023 and will be efficient in producing polycarbonols from pdh acrylate resources, creating acrylic-propylate-propylate chains that highlight the advantages of integration.
On the other hand, the company took advantage of the low-cost ethane after the shale gas revolution in the United States to develop a strategy for the development of new chemical materials, technology-based enterprises in 2017, using the import of ethane to expand c2 industrial chains. As of 2023h1, the company owned 100,000 tonnes of ethanolamine per year, 400,000 tonnes of polystyrene per year, and autonomously developed 1,000 tonnes/year of α-hydrocarbons industrial test unit I.
A total of 750,000 tonnes/year of battery-grade carbonate devices were built by the year before, and battery-grade carbonate is the core material for the production of lithium batteries ... could eventually be used in new energy vehicles, smart mobile devices, etc., to further the chain-relay extension. Companies were committed to new energy sources, new material layouts, and enriched product matrices.
The New Materials Industry Park project was successfully contracted to extend new materials such as high-end polyolefins (mpe), polyethylene elastomers (poe), lubricant oil base oils (pao), and ultra-high molecular polyethylene (uhmwpe) downstream, using autonomously developed high-carbon alpha-vinyl hydrocarbons technology, while using by-product hydrogen for resource use to meet project carbon reduction targets.
The new China Company Ltd. produces 40,000 tons of ethylene acrylic condensate (eaa) devices per year and plans to continue to cooperate in the construction and operation of a 50,000-ton 2-year project. The company produced 400,000 tons of polystyrene units per year and 100,000 tons per year per year in the first half of 2023.
Upstream products extend to downstream high-end products.2 Financial analysis: performance continues to be good, new projects continue to grow on a continuous basis, and output growth drives performance. H1 achieved revenues of $10.30 billion, $1.078 billion, from 2018 to 2023.
The net profit from maternity has increased significantly, mainly as a result of the expansion of the company ' s c2 business capacity, the increase in sales and the stability of raw material prices, the increase in the average price of ethylene by more than 70 per cent and the increase in the difference in prices; c3 in operations, the increase in the volume of acrylic acid and esters by 29.7 per cent over the 2022 corporate income, the decrease in net profits by 49.0 per cent over the same period, the impact of the geo-conflict and the rise in gas and oil prices, which led to an increase in the price of natural gas and oil.
The prices of ethane, propane, increased by 57% and 11% on a year-on-year basis, while the lower demand in the c2 and c3 industrial chains was weaker, the prices of corporate products fell more, and the prices of raw materials and products were squeezed by a significant decline in corporate profits. New capacity extended to higher-end products downstream, improving the Māori rate.
From 8.5% in 2015, it has gradually increased and stabilized, rising steadily to more than 25% in recent years. In terms of company operations, functional chemicals and high-molecular materials account for the bulk of the contribution, while in the first half of 2023 they accounted for 10250 million yuan, or 51%, in Māori 15.0%, in high-molecular materials, 5.61 billion yuan, or 28%, in Māori.
The improvement in interest rates and net interest rates is due, on the one hand, to the fall in prices of raw materials ethane and propane, and, on the other hand, to the company ' s success in successfully driving the 400,000-ton annual polystyrene device and the 100,000-ton-year-old ethanol ammonium device once, which is functioning well, with the company moving one step down to higher end products.
The company’s 2021 sales rate was significantly reduced, mainly due to the cost of transportation, a steady decline in management costs, and a low financial rate. The economies of scale associated with the expansion of production capacity, and the company’s continued fine-tuning management, allowed the cost rate to stay steady for the entire period.
The company continues to increase its R & D expenditure, which in 2021 and 2022 was more than 1 billion; and the Division ' s growing technology research and development team, which builds a satellite science, technology and innovation system, uses autonomously developed high carbon α-vinyl hydrocarbons (mpe), polyethylene elastomers (poe), lubricant oil base (pao), super-high molecules.
New materials, such as uhmwpe, while resourceizing the by-product hydrogen gas to meet the project ' s carbon-reduction targets, further entrenching the development base of the company ' s functional chemicals, high-end new materials and new energy materials.
A gradual recovery is required, assuming an average price of RMB 10,000 per tonne per year for the company ' s main products of AC and esters in the functional chemicals 2023-2025, assuming an industrial chain of 2:c2: assuming 100 per cent, 90 per cent, respectively, of the main products of c2, polyethylene, ethylene diol/epoxy ethylene, and a ton ethanol ammonium device successfully driving and operating well at once: autonomously developed 1,000 tons of α-finylene industrial experimental assembly
New materials such as high end polyolefin (mpe), polyethylene elastomer (poe), lubricant base oil (pao) and ultra-high molecular polyethylene (uhmwpe) have been successfully driven down by a single drive: poe devices have accelerated propulsion: the electropole glue Paa project has achieved a phased outcome. Release performance is expected to begin in 2023 for new energy materials operations, assuming major 2023-2025
Consider the scope of the operation together, and select as a reference for the valuation the All-China Chemical, Treasureful Energy, and Eastern Rainbows. From a pe perspective, Nope will not receive any form of compensation either directly or indirectly because of, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.