Chinese medicine value creator, pharmaceutical creature Nakagawa.
Double-end coordination, robust performance. The company backs up with the China-Line Group, with chc health consumer goods and prescription drugs as its core business, positioning consumers and medical end, dual-end coordination, through endogenous innovation and extended M&As, constantly building up the shortness, enriching the product lines, increasing the impact, and working to become self-inflicted.
The advantages of the core business of s098052106003 chc are evident. The "1+n" brand strategy works well: in the business of otc, companies account for
In terms of leadership, product targeting of household drugs in the fields of flu, digestion and skin; in terms of specialty operations, the “day and “good dolls” and “good recovery” and “Hong Kong” and “Kun-chung medicine” have been supplemented by consumer-sanctioned brands; rehabilitation of slow-disease drugs such as “Kun-chung medicine” have been added to the “999” brand.
52 weeks of maximum/minimum prices. On the operational side, seize the opportunities released by the market demand for slow diseases, focus on the cardiovascular sector, build a platform for slow-disease management and continue to enrich the product pipeline in the slow-disease area through the acquisition of the Kuen Pharmacy Group to expand the tri-seven industry chain;
In terms of large-scale health operations, in response to rising consumption and Internet trends, emphasis is placed on market-based deployments, and medical end-of-life operations are expected to resume. In recent years, medical end-of-life operations have been under pressure as a result of policies such as outbreak and health insurance fees, collection, resistance, formulations, and end-of-programming.
The introduction of the Stadt series of products to strengthen the construction of the company ' s respiratory tubes, while constantly strengthening the evidence-based research of existing products to enhance their academic value and competitiveness; and, in the national pharmaceutical business, the creation of competitive advantages in the entire industrial chain and the improvement of the system of traceability of the entire process covering the cultivation of medicinal products, the production of tablets/formulation particles, and the sale of them.
As the company adapts to changing circumstances and actively adjusts its development strategy, medical end-of-service operations are expected to resume gradually.
The strategic goal of making the Quan Pharmacy Group a “Golden Head of Health, Leader of Fine National Medicines, Leader of Slow Disease Management.” The Quin Pharmacy Group will rely on “kpc 1951” “777”
The three main departments of the Chinese Ministry of Education, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, and South Africa.
On the evening of 7 June 2024, the Kuen Pharmacy Group announced its intention to acquire 51% of the shares of the Chinese Sun-Fit (Hwa Yun-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu) and the integration of the thirty-seven operations is continuing.
• Profit forecasting and valuation: as the company's two-end strategy progresses, bringing together the high-quality resource mix of potion and fire, we believe that the company's performance is expected to continue to grow steadily over the next three years.
Maintenance of profit projections with a projected net return to the mother for 2024-2026 of 33.12/39.42/456 million yuan, and company profile: a healthy leader in public medicine development: reform of open medicine pioneers, healthy Chinese master forces of the new era
In 1985, the company's predecessor, the Southern Pharmaceutical Company, started a business from the First Military College of Medical Sciences, and expanded the market with a series of Chinese-made drug innovation products, such as the “3-0-0-0-0-0-Bay” product, and became a leader in the development of Chinese medicine innovation in the midst of a wave of reform and expansion.
After the reorganization, the company established a clear development strategy. Since 2008, non-principal businesses such as real estate, food, pharmaceutical distribution, retail sales, etc. have been removed from the group’s main business.
Under his leadership, pharmaceutical enterprises in Nanchang, Huabei and Sindh have been acquired, four companies in the Ministry of Medicine and Natural Medicines have been consolidated, the non-industry has been gradually liquidated, the pharmaceutical industry has returned to its main manufacturing industry, and a two-track development strategy has been developed for self-diagnosis (chc industry), prescription medicine (rx industry) to become a healthy product of medicine for the general public.
Equity structure: Reliance on the State Treasury, the Grande Constabulary, and a centralized equity structure. China Hua Yun Co. Ltd. is a large State holding stock under the supervision of the State Treasury Board. On March 31, its wholly-owned subsidiary, Hua Yun Medical Holding Co. Ltd., owns 3.63.00% of China's shares.
In 2003, China became the State Finance Committee under the direct supervision of the State Council, and has been classified as a priority state-owned enterprise. The industry covers major consumption, integrated energy, urban construction, health, industrial finance, technology, and new and emerging industries.
In six major areas, there are nearly 2,000 real enterprises, ranked 74th in the wealth world in 2023, with eight Hong Kong listings and nine Mainland listings.
The largest number of listed companies consists of nine listed companies, including seven a-stock-listed companies and two Hong Kong-owned companies, among which: Hua Yun Medical Care is the main health-care platform of the Group and has a vast network of health-care institutions; Hua Yun is in the field of positioning chc-health consumer goods and prescription drugs; Hua Yun's two cranes are actively laying generic drugs, infusions, infusions and prescriptions.
Four main operational platforms for differentiated and innovative medicines; the Jiang medicine industry is mainly involved in the development, production and marketing of Chinese medicine, health-care foods, with two Chinese brands of “King central” and “King central”; the Eastern Aquéa deep-cultivation aquarium industry; and Boya biology is based on a combination of blood products, integrated chemicals, chemicals, raw materials, etc.
Sexual medicine platforms; Derry's is a leading manufacturer of medical tests and test paper reagents in the country; the Kun Group focuses on autonomous natural plant medicines, covering the circulation of Chinese, chemical and pharmaceutical drugs. Under the group's strategic leadership and empowerment, China Yun is expected to grow steadily, increasing its efficiency and profitability.
Corporate operations: Two-end-out synergies, robust performance, two-track development strategies, out-of-hospital, and medical silos. The company has a two-track development strategy for self-diagnosis (chc) and prescription drugs (rx), with a chc, rx and industry chain of enterprises, with multiple R & D,
Production, functional platform. Chc operates from the consumer side, with a layout of the otc, a professional brand, and the Great Health (St. Sea) three departments, with products ranging from cold, gastrointestinal, skin, liver urinary, paediatric, orthopaedic, gynaecology, etc., and actively extending to health management and rehabilitation slow-disease management products to meet consumers from preventive-health-treatment-rehabilitation.
Full-cycle, multi-level health needs; medical end of prescription drug operations, with national drugs, prescription drugs, innovation; three departments of business, with products covering cardiovascular, oncology, digestive systems, osteoporology, paediatrics, anti-infection, etc.
With a high reputation, a focus on core tubes, and a gradual addition to chemical products of higher clinical value, a higher level of hospital influence, the empowerment of Chc operations, a two-end synergy, and a deep-seated development model.
To be a leader in the general pharmaceutical health industry, to be a head business — a consumer (chc) — with a good experience of products and quality services, and to be a leader in the health sector.
• Medical end (rx) to fully utilize the capacities of the Chinese value creators and meet the full cycle of prevention-health-treatment-rehabilitation for every family member, the advantages of the Western medicine combination, the focus on the core line, and the increased branding of hospitals,
Multi-level health needs, consolidation of leadership brands, enabling self-diagnosis, two-end coordination, and a deep-seated Chinese medicine industry-wide management
Channels and terminal controls Organizational capacity Academic outreach
Party leadership, state reform, strong talent.
Cultural development 14.26% annual compound annual growth rate and 13.97% annual compound growth rate of net profit for mothers. Of these, in 2020, innovation was renewed to respond positively to changes in industrial policy and to restore rapid growth.
Performance continued to grow robustly, with operating income of $7,294 million, an increase of 14.82 per cent over the same period; the parent ' s net profit of 13.64 chc continued to grow. Chec was the company ' s core business, accounting for $11,707 million in 2023, representing 47.32 per cent of operating income.
On the one hand, companies increase their investment in research and development for healthy consumer goods, enrich product lines, increase brand power and promote the penetration of brands and products at the consumer end; on the other hand, prescription drugs are subject to multiple effects such as health insurance costs, product-based particle conversion, collection, and resistance policy.
The main line of business is influenced to varying degrees, but under the multi-operational, two-end strategic layout, the company as a whole is driven by a two-wheel drive of “innovation plus brand” in figure 7: “Intrasectional extension” (millions of dollars) of medical operations in Hua Yun.
In 2023, the company invested 889 million yuan in research and development, up from 112 new products, including 4 chromosomes, 4 chromosomes, 5 chromosomes, and 99 new products. In terms of product strength, the company is surrounded by cold spirits, blood clover, daily and bone oscillation, air retardation.
In addition, companies are active in improving the overall quality of products, continuously improving their competitiveness, and continuously promoting quality and therapeutic consistency evaluation studies on marketed drug varieties.
On the one hand, companies continue to focus on opportunities for high-quality targets for mergers and acquisitions, continuously enrich their business areas, introducing brands such as “Sooning” and “Arno” 1381 and so on.
Distinguished products such as Xanax, silver almond leaf extraction fluids, and warm stomach sulfic capsules. On the other hand, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs has been actively working with internationally recognized companies such as Sénofie, Noor and Nord, Dragon Corners and Stadler to introduce liver, paediatrics, gynaecology, throat collars, etc.
Through M&As and international cooperation, companies constantly expand their areas of operation, rich product lines, multi-brand alliances, and achieve a strong and dynamic growth. Equity incentives add new dynamics to their development.
In December 2021, the company issued a 2021 award for the first time for a restricted stock totalling 8.24 million shares, targeting a number of executives and core technical personnel, to bind personal and corporate interests and motivate employees through the introduction of a equity incentive scheme.
The stock incentive plan sets multi-layered indicators, corporate layers, including such indicators as the rate of increase in non-net profits, the rate of return on non-net assets, the rate of turnover of total assets, and the selection of 15 companies, such as Chinese medicine, White Cloud Mountain, Yunnan white medicine, human-favour medicine, etc., as targets; and, at the personal level, incentives for individuals.
The results of such performance assessments are divided into a, b, c, and d. Targeting, targeting, equity motivation, high operationality of incentive programmes, increased attractiveness to employees, and demonstrated confidence in and commitment to firm growth over the long term.
The total number of incentives for lifting the restrictions was 254 and the total number of restricted shares was 2,630,270, the Yunnan Pharmacy (000538.sz), the Collon Pharmaceutical Industry (002422.sz), the Human Favour Medicines (6000079.sh), the Colony Hall (600085.sh), the Retrostar Medicines (600196.sh), Andiesu (600299.sh), White Cloud Mountain Biopharmaceuticals (1177.hk), Federal Pharmaceuticals (3933.hk)
Table 6: Individual-level appraisal targets and release ratio of the China-Jun III92021 equity incentive scheme Chc: clear core business advantages and broad development prospects Drivers: health needs, prescription outflows, digitization
As the standard of living of the population rises and medical regulations improve, life expectancy in China increases year by year, the demographic structure changes and the ageing of the population deepens. By the end of 2023, our population aged 65 years and over stood at 217 million, or 15.4% of the country’s population.
As a result of changes in development and demographic structure, the health needs of consumers are increasing and spending on health care is increasing year by year. According to the National Statistical Office, the proportion of the population spending on health care as a percentage of total consumption in 2023 was 9.2 per cent, a record high.
There will be a growing public interest in the health of life, and a growing demand for diversified health, especially among the elderly, children, and women, whose potential for consumption will continue to be released, driving the growth of the self-diagnosis market. The flight and digitalization of prescriptions into the self-diagnosis market offers opportunities.
On the one hand, on the supply side, the outflow of prescription drugs increases the choice of medicines for patients, and the out-of-hospital market is expected to expand. On the other hand, there is a digitalization of distribution channels.
Upgraded to help businesses better reach consumers. Since 2018, when the State Council issued its Opinions on Promoting the Development of “Internet+Health” the Chinese Health Clinic, online and offline medical platforms, health management apps and other “interconnectivity+” products have grown to become new entry points for companies to connect with consumers, adding products and brands.
The spread and penetration of consumer groups, the high growth in drug sales in online pharmacies, which reached $66.3 billion in 2023, and 45.5% in 2018-2023. With the liberalization of Internet technology and prescription drug outflows, the pharmaceutical Internet economy will accelerate changes in industry patterns and chains.
The market for self-diagnosis offers new opportunities for growth. Figure 15: Domestic marketing of medicines. Figure 16: Domestic marketing of medicines in public hospitals.
Figure 17: Distribution of pharmaceutical products in domestic retail pharmacies Figure 18: Distribution of pharmaceutical products in domestic online pharmacies
The year continued to grow, with a strong brand advantage, with revenue rising rapidly from $6.665 billion in 2018 to 2023. Figure 19: Chc operations revenue (billions, %) Figure 20: Chc operations Māori
The company is the head of the country's otc, starting with the Chinese medicine, developing and producing with great experience, with a strong brand, and has been in China for many years as a non-prescriptive drug association.
The unprescripted drug production companies will be ranked first in the overall ranking and will be one of the three pharmaceutical brands in the top 100 rankings of the Chinese products in Kaidu in 2023. The “999” brand has a higher degree of recognition among consumers and the pharmaceutical industry, and has been repeatedly rated as the “China’s top cognitive brand” and “China’s most valuable brand.”
"999 colds," "39 stomachs" and "999 pyres" have many products that have been tested in the market and accepted by the consumers, and the sales of each product have been consistently at the top of the segment of the market.
According to Minnet, in the first half of 2023, China’s real-city drug store terminals sold more than 5.5 billion yuan in flu, an increase of 21.38 per cent over the same period. Companies have a large variety of flu-free products, dominated by Chinese medicine, and in 2023, China’s non-prescriptive flu, cough, cough, and cough, 999 flu.
The product is ranked 2023h1 in Top 20 of China’s real-city drug store terminal, which is the first drug in China, leading by up to 21.12% of the market share.
Gastrointestinal drugs: There are more unique varieties, leading by “3900 stomachs”. On 29 April 2022, cde published guidelines for the evaluation of clinical efficacy of new Chinese medicines for chronic stomach inflammation, and guidelines for the evaluation of clinical efficacy of new Chinese drugs for reflux of stomach tubes, to promote innovative applications of Chinese medicine in the field of stomach diseases.
The company’s thirty-nine stomach granules/capsules, warm stomach shrugs, gastric shrugs, and gastroenteric pains are exclusive products. The “nine stomachs” brand has a far-reaching impact, and the company continues to promote the rejuvenation of the “nine stomachs” brand, surrounding the integration and marketing of various platforms, such as tethers, tremors, small red books, and knowledge, to expand its leadership in the area of disaggregation.
In 2023, China ranked “3900 stomachs” fourth in the middle drug digestion category. In terms of sales, the company maintained a leading position in Chinese city-based pharmaceutical terminals in 2015-2023, with a market share of more than 17% for the last three years.
The sale of stomach shrugs is 270 million yuan, 120 million yuan, and the gastric shrugs and gastroenter pains, respectively, are listed as Top14 and Top17.
The situation has deteriorated, the incidence of skin diseases has been increasing year by year, and the market for skin medicines has gradually expanded. The company’s skin is dominated by the use of drugs, the upgrading of skin-skinned packaging and the upgrading of market performance through digital platforms.
Of this amount, 999 pyres (momi gels) increased most at a rate of 10.6 per cent compared to 10.6 per cent in the same year. In addition, the company has also increased its market reputation and brand image through mergers and acquisitions, and has introduced products with a good market reputation and brand image, such as the “Hong Kong King” “Hongsun” “Hong Kong Fook” .
The professional branding business: "1+n" has been very effective, creating multi-disciplinary brands for digestion, paediatrics, orthotics, gynaecology, and Vine. The company's "1+n" branding strategy.
Good results have been achieved by adding to the brand “999” the “sky” and “soon” and “soon” and “goodly recovered” drug brands such as the “Oono” and the “Kunt” drug 1381, which are widely recognized by consumers and are based on the characteristics of professional varieties and the accuracy of the population, and are made into osteoporosis and skin use, respectively.
Professional brands in the fields of medicine, child health, gynaecology and state medicine have enriched brand assets, and have built and introduced the Osteoporosis brand "Tsang" . In 2013, the company acquired Hua Yuntian, and the osteoporology business of the Auxiliary Company has flourished. Hua Yuntian is one of the country's largest companies in the field of external paste production, with multiple advantages in the field of osteoporology.
Products, in China’s 2023 comprehensive statistics on non-prescriptive pharmaceutical products, the core exclusive species of “Team and Skeletal Vaccination” ranked sixth in the middle drug skeletal injury class and first brand of the market for bone growth. A strategic partnership was reached with Sanofy to expand the line of paediatrics, gynaecology, and hepatitis products.
Fi has signed the Framework Agreement on Cooperation in Consumer Health Care Operations in China, which seeks to jointly open up China's markets for healthy consumer goods and to develop paediatric and gynaecology products.
In collaboration with Sai Nofi, the company’s products are further enriched, while being responsible for the distribution and promotion in the Chinese market of the Sanofi’s global non-prescription flagship brand “Friendly Recovery.” In China’s comprehensive list of non-prescriptive pharmaceutical products in 2023, China’s market rankings are as follows:
In 2020, the company completed a stock acquisition project in Arno (China) and introduced a famous calcium supplement for children, enriching the line of paediatric products.
Calcium sugar-acid zinc oral solution, the original CCS supplement, the use of the enriched ionizing agent type, non-irritation, loss prevention, doubling the promotion of calcium zinc absorption, safer and easier than traditional calcium supplementation, the first domestic manufacturer to use lysine as an absorbent and the only compound to obtain a national patent formula.
In China's 2023 comprehensive statistics on non-prescriptive pharmaceutical products, calcium Arno is ranked second in the category of chemical minerals.
To respond to the market opportunities offered by changes in the habits of consumers, the company has extended the area of preventive care to include sugar, ginger tea, mint sugar, etc., as well as the first personal health product to be marketed in the first half of 2016.
In September, the Ministry of Great Health was acquired 65% of the share of Sant'House Health Ltd. and set up a business development platform for large health products such as vitamin minerals. The company's health product was extended from mainstream health products, core treatment areas.
The product lines, the successive brands of “3-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0.
With the development of Internet technology, changes in consumer shopping habits, and the improvement of online power platforms, the pharmaceutical Internet is becoming increasingly hot, becoming the focus of competition in firms. Companies continue to optimize off-line operations and end-user structures, relying on sub-line advantages and enabling them to operate on a full-scale basis.
On the basis of enhanced branding, emphasis is placed on the health market on the front line, focusing on the three main areas of basic health, women's health and home-based care, upgrading digital selections, operating capabilities, improving the layout of online products, and meeting the diverse health needs of consumers. In addition to operating on electrical platforms such as Kyoutung and Skycat, there is also active vibrating,
Rx: Continue to strengthen evidence-based research, promote the standardization of Chinese medicines, locate medical endpoints, set up three major departments for prescription drugs, national drugs, and innovation.rx (prescription drugs) is a company.
Development of operations, covering thousands of level hospitals across the country, tens of thousands of primary health-care facilities, using the combined capacity of central and western medicine and the ability to extract Chinese medicine, continuously optimizing the product structure, increasing branding and recognition of the patient population and empowering the Chc operations.
Policies such as the end of the formulation particle pilot have led to a decline in the overall intake of prescription drugs and in the Māori rate. In 2023, the Chinese major drug formulation operations were influenced by a national switch and the start-up of a coalition of 15 provinces (areas) with much less than expected performance. In the future, as companies adapt to changing circumstances and actively adjust their development strategies, the prescriptions industry will continue to do so.
In the field of anti-cancer control, there are gavage (simples, oral, injections), glycolysis fluids, sepsis capsules, accessories, etc.
In the field of osteoporosis, exclusive species such as paralysis, paralysing capsules and yellow hysteria; in the field of digestion, the liver slow-disease cycling based on readily recovered products is gradually being built; in the field of paediatrics, the company has entered into a partnership with Noor and Nord China to promote the re-establishment of human growth hormone injections through a contract sale model.
The global leadership brand of growth hormones, their efficacy and safety have been widely recognized by doctors and patients. They are the only imported water agent-type growth hormones in China, deep sedimentation in the field of growth hormones in Itono and Nord, and a network of channels widely covered by the company, which will achieve long-term commercial co-wins; anti-infection collars.
The company has an exclusive species of sodium inoculation with five waterheads, and several species have been selected, such as acetoxin tablets, sodium inhaled with the head, sodium injected with the head thorium, and sodium injected with the head thorium.
De signed the cooperation agreement in Shenzhen. According to the agreement, Luang San will be responsible for distribution and promotion on the Chinese market of the flu and cough control drugs under the flag of Saddam, including high-quality drugs that are well received in the market by Stark, Rico, Jing Koo, and Glitung. The two sides will work together to achieve complementary advantages, based on the quality of Totostad's products.
China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China,
In 2023, the company published a number of high-level sci research papers and entered clinical guidelines on core Chinese pharmaceutical products, including radials, osteoporin, osteoporin, osteoporosis, paralyses, etc.
Guides, expert consensus: To restore Taschu@to the National Health Care Directory to achieve rapid release; the country ' s first five-generation researcher, the sodium diaphragm in the injection of cerebral platinum (Saippu) officially entered the commercialization phase to achieve a national pharmaceutical operation in most provinces: continuous progress in standardization to build a competitive edge in the entire industrial chain
In recent years, the State has made a major contribution to the development of the Chinese pharmaceutical industry, through policies ranging from research and development to payment, while encouraging companies to be clinically oriented, promoting the development of classic brands and new Chinese medicines, tapping into Chinese medicine and developing Chinese medicine.
Promoting the transmission and development of innovation in the Chinese medicine industry and, on the other hand, promoting the standardization, modernization and industrialization of the Chinese medicine industry through the adoption of standards and policies that promote quality in Chinese medicine and industry as well as opportunities and challenges for businesses that adapt to change and continuously reform innovation.
In September of that year, the company officially launched a series of “Ben Gossip Girl” and “Purpose of Acupuncture” brands, which are located at the mid-to-high end of the series, with two specifications: a kilogram suit and a small package, which is evenly homogeneous and of stable quality; and “Ya”
The brand is positioned as a high-end fine series, and the main camp, Sichuan Road variety, is mainly small packaging specifications, colored, even, clean, coarse and custom-made according to the client’s needs.
For soluble media, a “standard frying agent” is established on the basis of a traditional soup agent, using the fingerprint or characteristic profile of a standard frying agent, guidance, tracking the entire process (extracting, enrichment, drying, particle making, packaging, etc.), authoritative quality control, safeguarding the material base, clinical efficacy and consistency with the traditional soup agent.
In the context of the trend towards standardization of Chinese medicines, companies have increased control over the quality and traceability of raw materials.
The Chinese pharmaceutical industry has long lacked quality standards, and even the odious competition for “bad currency for good currency” has led the Chinese pharmaceutical industry to gradually standardize under the guidance of national policy. Companies have responded positively to new changes in the industry and have continued to promote “the management of the entire chain of Chinese medicine”.
(a) A competitive advantage in the construction of the entire industrial chain, and the improvement of the system of traceability covering the entire process of drug cultivation, the production of tablets/formulations, and the distribution of marketed particles. (1) In the area of drinking tablets, the drinking sector has gradually moved towards a high quality of “preservation, upgrading, stable supply” as industry regulations have been strengthened.
In the new phase of quantitative development, the company has been active in developing powerful gold monoliths, raising brand visibility, efficiently implementing the Shandong Union variety insurance and fast growth in the drink business. 2) In the formulation of granules, in February 2021, four departments, including the National Drug Monitoring Service, issued a report on the end of Chinese drug formulations.
The announcement of a 20-year pilot of the Chinese pharmaceutical formulation, the closure of the pilot project, the firm's active response to the changes in the industry resulting from the end of the pilot, the promotion of research on the location of the production, sale and filing of the new national varieties of the formulation particle, and the steady promotion of the conversion of national standards, local standard products, and the current total of product conversions
In 2023, IUPAC brought about another major change in the formulation particle industry, driving the formulation particle business business business model to re-construct and enter the market during the window period, the company’s pharmaceutical business team to face up to the problem, reshaping the business, and re-engaging the industry.
Organizational capacity to win the new cycle. 3) In the area of medicament cultivation: companies actively deploy upstream drug-growing bases, companies continue to expand the regulation of Chinese medicinal materials, promote the standardization of front-end cultivation, and build the capacity from the harvesting, planting, processing and storage of medicinal materials.
Integrated industry model, building on the resource advantages of medicinal materials from the source, coupled with a study on the techniques of cultivation of medicinal plants in the field, developing technical specifications for cultivation, building a system of traceability of the entire process, and safeguarding the quality of medicinal materials from the source. 4) Marketing promotion: the promotion of the core municipalities through the promotion of “academic, competitive bidding, creative models” as key initiatives
Field and priority client business expansion, regional grid-based management, ongoing diversification of academic outreach projects, active response to the multi-area centralized procurement of the formulation particle operation, full variety penetration, and laying the foundation for expanded market coverage.
Co-development, rejuvenation of 37 businesses, strategic and aggressive medicine, and a significant increase in the acquisition of the Kuen Pharmacy Group and the creation of the Triad Company.
In 2022, Huo Yun spent US$ 2,902 million on the acquisition of 28 per cent of the shares of the Quan Pharmacy Group. In the course of the year, the Quan Pharmacy Group has steadily advanced around the integration of the “four reshapings” and, after many rounds of in-depth strategic discussions, has fully developed a national strategy for the revitalization of medicine, insight into healthy consumption trends in silver, and a comprehensive assessment.
With its own strengths and characteristics, the Quin Pharmacy Group has established its strategic objective of making the Quin Pharmacy Group a “Golden Health Industry Leadr, Best National Drug Lead, Leader in the Area of Senior Health/Medical Disease Management” with a focus on the areas of chronic disease management and ageing health, with a deep focus on the value of the three seven industry chains. The strategic integration of the company and the Quin Pharmacy Group is expected to evolve.
In 2023, the traditional medicine (Quan Pharmacy) increased its annual operating income by 36.83% on a year-on-year basis.
Figure 27: Revenue from Quan Pharmacy Business as a proportion of the revenue received by China's 39th Battalion in 2023 Short-term pressure on QN Group performance and robust growth in core products. QKG achieved revenue of $7,703 million in 2023, a decrease of 6.99 per cent in the same year, mainly due to the optimization of business structures in the commercial sector and a decrease in foreign aid operations
On the product side, HCG core products have maintained a steady growth in HCL revenue, with HCL (freezing) increasing by 22.65% over the same period; HCL products have increased by 19.44% over the same period. Of this, HCL has increased by 33.04% over the same period, and HCL has increased by 15.09% over the same period.
A step-by-step integration of business channels, optimization of the business model, continuous construction of “reasonable coverage, rapid circulation, effective marketing” of the Kunon drug distribution channel, a steady increase in end-covering through multiple channels and multiple channels, a steady increase in the market share of large monolithics, and the development of high-growth potential products, with a promise of steady and warmer performance.
Figure 28: Collection of Quan Pharmacy Group, Figure 29: Distribution of Quan Pharmacy Group Blood Sertoon Parts
The Kuen Pharmacy Group created the three Departments of “1381, 1951, 777” in conjunction with “Academic Empowerment + Branding” and the two Departments of “kpc 1951” and “777,” in order to enhance access and synergy, enhance product brand value, and lead to rapid growth,
Market occupancy rates have steadily increased; the Ministry of Cuen Cin Cong Pharmacy 1381 focuses on the creation of powerful monolithic products with a strong spleen, sulphate, etc. at its core, to sustain products with high growth potential, and to actively explore more classic products with a long-standing reputation, forming a product matrix with a rich product cluster and a gradient.
The "kpc 1951 Enterprise" assumes the strategic objective of "Leader of the Silver Hair Health Industry". The strategic objective of the "Leader of the Silver Hair" is to take over the core treatment areas of "heart vascular, bone muscle, respiratory system, neuropsychiatric" and to become a "Leader of the Silver Hair Health Production" by using the term "intellectual tubes, marketing of wisdom, platforms of wisdom, intelligent organization."
The core of the Four-Four Project, which sustains value creation, long-termism, and creates leaders for serious treatment in the field of old-age health. The Kunino 1381 works to build leaders in the state of fine drugs.
History, gained from the Guinness world record, “oldestoperating physiology” (the oldest pharmaceutical company in the world) and was evaluated by China's Intangible Cultural Heritage Conservation Unit.
In 2023, China ranked in the General Set of non-prescriptive pharmaceutical products 6th in the Central Disinfection Group, 5th in the Pharmacology Group, and 1st in the Pharmacology Group.
Department of Enterprise 777: Focus on cardiovascular arteries, building a platform for the management of slow diseases The market space for the management of slow diseases is huge. According to the National Health Board, the total number of older persons aged 60 years and over in the country is expected to exceed 300 million in the “145” period, or more than 20% of the population, entering a moderate ageing phase; 2035
Around 400 million older persons aged 60 years and over will reach over 30% of the total population and enter a period of severe ageing. In the context of population ageing, changes in disease profiles, and the rejuvenation of old age diseases, the number of slow-diseases is growing and the potential for slow-disease demand is gradually released, with the largest proportion of people suffering from cerebrovascular diseases in the centre.
According to the National Report on Cardiovascular Health and Disease 2022, the number of cardiovascular diseases in the country is over 330 million; according to the National Statistics Office, the number of deaths due to cardiovascular diseases in urban areas in 2021 was as high as 47.35 per cent of the total number of deaths, higher than the number of malignant tumours.
According to the Healthy China Action (2019-2030), slow disease accounts for more than 70% of the total disease burden, and it has become the leading cause of death and disease among our residents. Moreover, it has a long-term, life-long need for diagnosis and medication, and patients are subject to greater stress and experience.
Given the magnitude of the slow-disease population and the need for treatment, and in order to combat it effectively, reduce the burden of disease and increase the life expectancy of the population, the State Council issued China's Medium- and Long-term Plan for the Prevention and Control of Chronic Diseases (2017-2025), which insists on prevention, strengthening the control of behavioural and environmental risk factors, and strengthening early screening and screening for slow-disease diseases.
Early on, it was discovered that the transition from treatment to health management was being made. The shift from a focus on the treatment of diseases to a focus on health.
On the evening of March 27th, 2024, at a health industry fair of around 2024, at a welcoming dinner and a "product-leading" award, 777 brands opened their silver hairs with the joint testimony of thousands of medical health industry guests.
The company will focus on 777 brand names, build brand awareness of “3-7-777,” and will use 777 brands to enhance consumer awareness.
On 7 June 2023, China Yun-39 issued an announcement to optimize the layout of the industrial chain and address the Kunming Hua Yu San-Dynamy Industries Ltd.
Question of the competition between the Chinese Light Fire and the blood-thing-tung-tung soft capsule products of the company's controlling subsidiary, the Quan Pharmacy Group, where the company intends to transfer 51% of the shares at a transaction price of $1,791 million. Hua-yun is a wholly-owned subsidiary of China-Thirty-Hyun, whose main product is R & D-T soft capsules (core products),
The bulletin states that the value of this transaction is assessed on the basis of an assessment of the value of the transaction, which is based on 31 July 2023, with the result of a profit method.
The net asset value of its financial statements is 930 million yuan, with a 277.65% value added. Three-seven industrial chains are re-integrated.
In the future, the company will continue to refine its brain and mind.
In-house, a system of services for the management of slow-diseases is developed.
(b) Outside the courtyard, for groups with prevention and rehabilitation needs, with a focus on the “Coo-Tai” blood plug-in capsule. Figure 32 “Coo-Tao” blood plug-in capsules (left) vs “Coo-Tai” blood clogs (right)
Overall, corporate income and profit growth have been more stable, and the cost of particle standards has increased. As companies continue to strengthen their management of the industrial chain and optimize the use of marketing costs, the gross net interest rate level recovered in the first quarter of 2024.
Sub-operations are seen as a sustained increase in revenue from the operations. In 2023, the company’s Chc Health Consumers Business achieved operating income, and 15 provinces (regions) started a coalition, showing significantly lower performance than expected; in 2023, the Kundaz Group achieved business and foreign aid operations reduced impact.
Over the years, the company ' s operating cash flow has grown year by year, reaching $4,192 million in 2023, an all-time high. Overall, the company ' s operating cash flow is adequate and overall is growing rapidly, and the company ' s profit projections are based on the following assumptions:
Chc Business: In line with the corporate core business approach to innovative R & D and the “1+n” branding strategy, based on the “999” brand, new products of high quality, experience and consumer demand are being introduced on a continuous basis in combination with digital, intelligent means. In 2023, the company’s Chc business income increased by 2.83 per cent over the year, and the Māori rate increased by 2.83 per cent over the year.
With the steady consolidation of the layout and brand influence, we believe that Chc’s business is expected to continue its positive growth, and it is expected that the prescription drug business: in recent years, there has been a downward trend in the company’s prescriptions as companies adapt to the collection policy and adjust the product structure as they adapt to the policy.
A steady move forward on the switch-over of national standards, local standard products, and we believe that medical end-of-life operations are expected to be restored Traditional National Medicines (Quan Pharmacy): a strategic integration of companies with the Kun Pharmacy Group, which together established the fight against the Quin Pharmacy Group, resulting in “Golden Health Industry Leads, Precision National Drug Leads, Leaders in the field of Senior Health/Slow Disease Management”.
Based on the end-of-service management capacity, branding capability and strategic planning capacity of Tunghua-Yun, we believe that the Kun Pharmacy business is expected to develop at a faster pace, with an expected rate of increase in revenue from the Kun Pharmacy business in 2024-2026, taking into account the impact analysis of the three scenarios below on the company's operations, optimistic and pessimistic assumptions are now projected.
Taking into account the business characteristics of the company, we use both absolute and relative valuation methods to estimate the sensitivity of the company's reasonable absolute valuation.
The absolute valuation is sensitive to wacc and constant growth rates, and the following is a sensitivity analysis. As a leader in the brand area of otc, the company relies on the big conglomerates, which have platforms, size, cost advantages, a higher Maori rate, a higher net profit rate, and a stronger branding and forward-looking market layout.
We chose the Tai Chi group, which is close to the company’s business, the Ridge Pharmacy industry, and White Cloud Mountain as comparable companies. The Tai Chi group, which is mainly involved in the production and marketing of Chinese and Western medicine, is a large enterprise group with a whole industry chain layout. The strategy was restructured in April 2021 and the control was changed to the National Medicines Group; and the Ridge Pharmacy industry is a leading company in Chinese drug innovation.
The industrialization of Chinese medicine, using modern high-tech technology for the development of Chinese medicine, Western medicine, and biopharmaceuticals: White Cloud Mountain is a large-scale controlling enterprise, focusing on the pharmaceutical health industry, and has achieved full-scale industry coverage. On the basis of the 19 July 2024 stock price, three comparable companies averaged 14.2 x in 2024.
Given the company's higher profit-end growth rate, we give Huo-Yun a higher than the average market gain than a comparable company, with robust performance growth, maintaining a “better than the big city” rating. As the company's two-end strategy continues to move forward, adding the high-quality resource consolidation brought about by the combination of Kun and the Holy Fire, we believe that the company's performance is expected to remain robust over the next three years.
We have adopted absolute and relative valuation methods that combine multiple angles to arrive at a reasonable valuation of the company of between $59.666 billion, but the valuation is based on relevant assumptions, in particular the calculation of the company ' s free cash flow over the next few years, the calculation of the weighted average capital cost (wacc), the assumption of tv and comparability.
The selection of the company ' s valuation parameters has been integrated into the judgement of many individuals, leading to a wind of bias in the valuation, which may lead to high free cash flow calculations over the next 10 years due to optimistic estimates of the company ' s income and profit growth rates, leading to risk of an optimistic valuation;
The weighted average capital cost (wacc) has a very significant impact on the firm ' s absolute valuation, with the assumption that the no-risk interest rate is 3.0 per cent and the risk premium is 8.5 per cent in the calculation of Wacc, and there may still be a risk of low estimation or take-off of these parameters, resulting in lower wacc calculations, leading to an overvaluation of the company ' s valuation;
We assume that the company tv growth rate will be 2% in the next 10 years. The industry in which the company is located is likely to make significant adverse changes in the next 10 years, and the company's continued growth is either low or negative in real terms, leading to an overvaluation of the company's valuation relative to valuation: we have selected enterprises in the pharmaceutical industry that are the same or similar to the company's business, such as the Tai Chi group,
Compared with comparative valuation indicators such as White Cloud Mountain, Ridge Pharmacy, etc., the risk of a higher than comparable company’s 2024 average pe sales volume and expected price bias over the next three years’ performance has been picked. This low estimate, Māori overestimated, has led to a higher than real forecast of company profits over the next three years.
Long-cycle, high input and high failure rates for drug research and development, influenced more by uncertainties such as policy regulations and market competition patterns from the development of new medicines to the market, and the risk of increasing competition in the industry as firms invest more in research and development: companies are among the first six enterprises to produce the formulation particles on a pilot basis, and with this,
In 2021, when the country announced the end of the formulation granular pilot, companies faced the challenge of gaining more business access, and if the public administration could not sustain its competitive advantage and improve its competitiveness in the future, they would face the risk of falling market share in the more intense competition in the market.
Risk of price volatility of raw materials: Medium pharmaceutical prices have been influenced by a variety of factors, including macroeconomic, industrial policies, natural disasters, asymmetrics in the market information at the end of cultivation and demand, and are prone to greater volatility, which has an impact on the production costs of medium pharmaceutical enterprises.
M & As integration risk: where the company ' s M & As project is heavily invested, where integration is difficult and the market and policy environment is changing, there may be unforeseen risks, leading to deviations in the market potential and profitability projections of the M & A project, or where the integration disadvantage fails to achieve a synergistic value, resulting in less than expected integration after investment, etc.
Drug centralization risks: State-organized procurement of pharmaceutical belts has been regularized and encourages research on and exploration of centralized procurement of unassessed varieties, intermediate medicines, biological products, etc. It is expected that future medicaments will continue to expand, and that health catalogues will be dynamically adjusted and potentially open to companies
At the same time, the state encourages a lot of price combinations among the varieties that already exist in the provinces, where prices are competitive. The implementation of the collection policy, particularly the Chinese formulations, may have an impact on companies’ profitability.
In 2023, the National Commission on Health and Welfare worked together with a number of departments to combat corruption throughout the country in the field of medicine, with a short-term impact on the academic outreach of pharmaceutical enterprises and on the institutionalization of products, which will help medicine in the long term.
Schedule: Financial Forecasts and Valuations Author ensures that the data reported are from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion,
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author