Gore shares (002241) q3 is not expected, and the beneficial tws headphones are expected to explode fast.
In the first three quarters, the company collected $24.13 billion, an increase of 56.2 per cent, a net profit of $980 million for the mother, a 15 per cent increase in the same year, a revenue of $10.56 billion for the q3 quarter, a 50.4 per cent increase in the same year, a net profit of $460 million for the mother, an overperformance of q3 and a significant improvement in cash flows, with year-round guidance in line with expectations
\triangleright, with a median value of 985 million yuan and a real net profit of 9.85 in the first three quarters, corresponds to the median and meets expectations. q3 single-quarter net profit of 460 million yuan, an increase of 12.1 per cent and a 43 per cent increase in the ring.
The net operating cash flow for the first quarter of q3 is 1.07 billion yuan, an increase of $1.44 billion in the same year, and the company’s cash flow has improved considerably. The company expects to return a net profit of $1.17 to $1.34 billion to its mother throughout the year, an increase of 35 to 55 per cent in the same year, in line with the pre-tws headphone overstretched, with a sustained benefit for the acoustic elite.
\triangleright, we're projecting the volume of airpods headphones delivered by our big client this year at about 60 million, and the end of the year is about to be released, high-end noise-reducing versions, with an increase in the colouring of the charger box, which is expected to challenge 90 million next year.
Into the airpods supply chain, where q3 is expected to reach around 4 million, the company is now actively expanding its new production line, and the profit rate is expected to increase as the new production line progresses. And And Andres camp tws is growing, the country’s product plates are accelerating the release of their own tws headphones, and Gore is acting as the absolute lead supplier for the Andrews camp tws headphones.
There is a continuing wave of growth in the beneficiary sectors. \triangleright \triangleright \tr \r \r \r \r \r r \r \r \r \r \r \r \r \r  \
q3 this year, as a subversive vr product, focused on smallness and self-repair correction, we expect more brands to be published in their home vr, ar products, and the industry is expected to grow at a turning point, with Gore, as the first and most technology reserve producer in the country, learning from sound and optical as well as full life.
1. Gore shares (002241), investing in two full-time companies, taking over the company’s strategic landings.
Acoustic value increases and vr/ar releases China and the United States trade frictions, technological changes in large customers are not expected, and downstream competition increases. Wang Fang, Chief of the electronics industry, has served in the Eastern Securities Company Ltd. and the First Market Private Equity Investment Company Ltd., and has been awarded the Chinese University of Science and Technology.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment consulting profession granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.