Gore shares in the third quarter of 2019: 24,134 million won in the first three quarters of the company.
56.23 per cent long, net profit attributable to the mother is 985 million yuan, an increase of 15.04 per cent in the same year, net profit excluding the mother 50.38 per cent, net profit attributable to the mother 461 million yuan, an increase of 12.13 per cent in the same year, net profit not attributable to the mother 1. Tws drive a reversal of performance and long-term smart glasses
The company is a major supplier of a client tws, and its share continues to increase, with the expansion of production capacity, good rates and self-supply of spare parts, and the company's revenue and profitability.
In addition, it is expected that Andre’s client tws headphones will also be in rapid release in 2020, and that the company will benefit fully from the industry’s dividends as the main supplier of H-clients. With a heavy-pound smart-glass product, the vr/ar era may have been opened: it will publish smart eyes for September.
The mirror product vrglass, for a sale price of $2999, was launched in December. It is expected that with the launch of the smart glasses product at the head terminal, there will be more branded vr/ar glasses products in the next two years, smart glasses or mirrors that will be turning around in the 5g era.
Businesses, working with a number of end-users at an early stage to develop their production, while achieving a large number of acoustics and optical zeros, will be the most beneficial firms for the dynamic development of the smart glasses industry. The quality of profits continues to improve: net cash flows in the first three quarters of operations amounted to $3.108 billion, compared to the same period last year.
573 million yuan; 86.2 days of working days in accounts receivable compared to 116.7 days in the same period last year; 56.8 days in inventory turnover compared to 90.2 days in the same period last year; and improvements in the profitability of companies and in the quality of profit.
Luyangyang, because of the tws' over-expected business and the company's non-recurring gain and loss in 2019, we adjusted the company's way.
The volume of airpods was not as high as expected; the new edition of airpods fluctuated; and the risk of increased trade between the United States and China.