Gore shares, smart headphones are growing up, and three quarters of the business are doing pretty well.
Increase of 56.23%; net return to mother $985 million, or 15.04%, over the same period; third quarter single-season growth in smart wireless headphones and smart wear operations, and three-quarter performance. Corporate three-quarters reports show a 50.38% increase in single-season revenue, 12.13% increase in net return to mother and 12.13% increase in withholding
The main reasons for the higher performance in the three quarters are: 1) tws and higher income driven by the growth of product-only operations. 2) tws headphone rate continues to rise by percentage points, with a net interest rate of 4.37% and a ring increase of 0.30 percentage points.
The strong demand for tws has contributed to future growth in performance. To benefit from the strong demand for tws products, the company tws orders have remained full and the capacity utilization has remained high. Thanks to the industry’s leading automation groups, companies have a clear advantage in upgrading their production processes, and the productivity and efficiency of their products has been increasing.
In September 2019, the company released a public debt-transferable plan, raising funds up to $4 billion, and investing $2.2 billion in two-eyed wireless headphone projects. Strong demand for tws products is expected to lay the basis for growth in the company’s performance over the next two years.
5g commercial + content matures, ar and vr matures.
The company’s vr\ar business is expected to become an important driver of the company’s future performance growth with the commercialization of 5g and the enrichment of its content application.
Considering that the company’s three-quarter tws production rate has continued to rise, tws demand is strong and is expected to contribute more, tws are expected to go down the price of acoustic products, tws demand is not as good as expected, and ar/vr is not as good as expected.
I'm qualified for securities investment consulting business. Wang Da Ting Gool shares.