In keeping with high-quality development, the second curve is growing fast, 19 June 2023, keyword: # cheaper than the same company
The company is the leading transport infrastructure leader, a mega-consortium that combines survey design, construction installation, industrial manufacturing, real estate development, resource minerals, financial investment, and other business. In recent years, net profit returns have increased by 14.25% annually. The company achieved a new contract value of 3,032.39 billion in 2022.
Infrastructure development: the high growth of railway roads is steady, and capital construction is expected to be an important enabler of economic growth this year.
In the case of railways and roads: (1) Central iron and iron are leading in the construction of infrastructure projects such as railways and roads; railways and road revenues are growing steadily; levels of Maori are rising; railways are moving from 2019 (2) to municipalities and others: companies have been transforming their business structures, and new municipal and other operations have been signed in recent years.
Two-curve operations: companies are actively developing “second-curve” markets for urban renewal, hydropower, water conservation, clean energy, etc., transforming and upgrading the new track to foster new and emerging business portfolios. In 2022, companies' “second-curve” operations have increased the value of new contracts by 81.18 per cent over the year. Other operations: minerals
Resource reserves are abundant, and the demand for non-ferrous metals is expected to increase with steady growth policies. In 2022, the company’s other business sections generated $72.922 billion, an increase of 25.38 per cent. Of this, the mining industry, which has a high Māori rate, is home to a recovery in the domestic economy, a combination of robust growth policies such as expanding domestic demand, stabilizing real estate, and new and old consumption.
Dynamic energy conversions, and high-speed developments in new areas that increase demand for non-ferrous metals, such as copper, cobalt, molybdenum, and lithium, provide stable support for the price of non-ferrous metals. The co-construction of the “one-way” has accelerated, and companies are expected to recover from overseas operations.
Its full-time advantage, its deep involvement in the “one-way” construction; it has accelerated the pace of internationalization by promoting the transformation of the overseas business system, the construction of a “one-wing-n-driven” new system for overseas development, the “regional + country + project” management of overseas operations. The size of new contracts outside the company has increased since 2017.
Pb-lf is 0.742 times the daily round price, and p-ttm is 6.179 times the price, and is at the bottom of the historical housing and real estate development landscape.
1. China ' s medium-sized iron: traditional infrastructure is growing steadily, second-curve operations are growing rapidly, transport infrastructure leads, and equity incentives are further stimulating corporate dynamism.
The Chinese Iron Company, one of the world’s largest construction contractors, entered the world’s 500th largest enterprises in 17 years, ranked 34th in 2022 in the wealth world’s 500th largest firms, and in China.
China has a long history of iron development. In March 1950, it became the General Directorate of Engineering and Design of the Ministry of Railways of China, and then became the General Directorate of Capital Construction of the Ministry of Railways. In July 1989, with the approval of the State Council, the General Directorate of Capital Construction was abolished and China Railway Industry Corporation was formed.
On 12 September 2007, the China Railways General Corporation launched the establishment of China Iron and Steel Corporation, which was listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange and on the Hong Kong Joint Exchange on 3 and 7 December 2007, respectively. In December 2017, the State owned enterprises were converted to State ownership.
Single-owned company, renamed China Railways Engineering Group Limited.
For 46.98%, actual control is exercised by the State Finance Committee of the State Council. China’s iron and steel operations cover almost all capital areas, with numerous subsidiaries covering railways, roads, municipalities, housing construction, urban orbital transport, hydropower, airports, ports, wharfs, etc., and can provide a package of “vertical integration” for the construction industry.
In addition, the company has implemented a limited diversification strategy that has led to better development in the areas of survey design and consultancy, manufacturing of industrial equipment and spare parts, real estate development, mineral resource development, highway operations, finance, etc.
On 30 June 2020, the Central Committee for the Further Reform of State Enterprises adopted the Three-Year Action Programme for the Reform of State Enterprises (2020-2022), followed by China ' s China Iron Initiative for the Implementation of China ' s Three-Year Action Programme for the Deepening of the Reform of China ' s Iron and Steel (2020-2022), which was launched in early 2021.
The full implementation of the three-year action mandate for the reform of State enterprises has resulted in the completion of a total of 221 of the 31 reform tasks in the six major reform areas, with a rating of a level of "a corporate governance model for State-owned enterprises" for individuals, including company directors, senior managers, middle managers, and core cadres.
Incentives are helping to motivate management teams and improve business efficiency; 3) completion of the State Council's Economic Enhancement Values (EVA) test. Business indicators are constantly being optimized to promote high-quality corporate development.
Four increases, the “three increases” in the amount of new contracts, operating income and total profits, respectively; the “two increases” in the ratio of assets to liabilities and the “two increases” in the share of operating income; the “four increases” in the ratio of net asset returns, full-time productivity, operating cash ratios, and the growth of investment in research and development.
1.2. The quality of business is excellent, the level of roe is higher than the average industry, the scale of business is expanding steadily, and efforts are being made to promote high-quality enterprise development.
In China, the average annual compound increase in iron and steel revenues was 10.73% in 2017-2022, and in 2021, for the first time, China ' s total revenues from iron and steel operations were broken by trillion yuan, and in 2022 the company ' s gross revenues from business were 1,154,358 million yuan, an increase of 7.56%.
One billion yuan, or 30,482 million yuan, has been transferred to Picto, mainly because companies are actively using the country’s steady growth measures to speed up the recovery of funds, while strengthening cash flow controls and working to improve the financing situation. Continuously optimized industrial layouts, leading industries, and relevant diversified development strategies have worked well.
This includes infrastructure development, real estate development, equipment manufacturing and survey design. In 2022, 84.86 per cent of the company’s capital business, and 70.67 per cent of the Maori contribution. Outside the main industry, the company diversified its operations in terms of real estate development, equipment manufacturing, survey design, and consulting.
Figure 6: Corporate revenue structure in 2022
Industrial equipment and spare parts manufacturing operations Survey design and advisory service operations Railway construction
Railways, roads, urban tracks Engineering/tunnel construction equipment  Road construction
▪ Mineral resource development bridges, tunnels, municipal works and other construction
• Building of bridges, steel structures, tourism and old-age property, and the provision of diversified housing;
China's largest railway builder, China's bridges, tunnels, and electricity, and China's largest fork and bridge.
▪ Having an infrastructure operation project • Conducting a multiplicity of commercial estates, large and medium-sized railways in the country
Chemical Railways investigates the design market for steel structure manufacturers, global sales, mainly in orbital traffic, high prices.
Market share insurance for building markets Largest shield R & D production, sale, lease and management
Speed roads, water, underground roads, the Chinese Railway Survey Design City, the largest railroad in China.
Type of colloquia, period of operation Manufacturer of specialized construction equipment;  on highway capital market
The market share of the field is about 30%;
▪ Own copper, cobalt, molybdenum, zinc, etc.  Market share of design markets in urban orbital transport markets
More than 60% fork, more than 70% for truckloads, large bridges, capital companies, and so on.
More than 60% of the beam steel structure; country re-innovation of new contracts and high growth in second-curve operations. In 2022, companies achieved 30,323.9 new contracts for electricity, eco-environmental protection, clean energy, etc., as a “second-curve” business, with a concentration of energy, a large market size and a strong competition.
In 2022, the second-curve business achieved a new contract of $301,892 million, an increase of 81.18 per cent compared with the previous year. Increasing structural adjustment efforts and seeking new efficiency growth points. In recent years, companies have maintained high-quality growth, with the Roe level above the industry average.
The annual company-roe level reached 12.13 per cent, a 0.5 percentage point increase compared to the previous year, ranking second among the eight major companies.
2.1. Capital construction is expected to benefit from a new form of urbanization to optimize its housing structure. 2.1.1. Capital construction: “Stable growth” contributes to the acceleration of the physical landing of capital construction and the acceleration of industrial concentration.
The report of the government's work, which emphasizes steady growth and domestic demand, sets a 5% growth target for the year as a whole. The Central Bureau of the Economy agreed to “stable” the idea of greater macroeconomic policy regulation, more effective active fiscal policy and more robust and robust monetary policy; the report of the government's work set a 5% growth target for the year 2023 for the gdp and a 5% policy delay for the macro-level policy.
The overall tone of sustained growth, secure employment, stable prices and confidence, focusing on expanding domestic demand, giving priority to recovery and expansion of consumption, and government investment and policy incentives to effectively leverage social investment; the Ministry of Finance is planning to set up a special local government bond of 3.8 trillion yuan this year.
The achievement of economic growth goals is challenging, and capital construction is expected to remain an important player in this year’s economic growth.
Since then, major projects have been actively promoted, and the second batch of projects supported by financial instruments in 2022, starting from q4 last year, will contribute to the in-kind workload this year; at the end of the fund, new national debt of $195.2 billion was issued in January-April, an increase of $273.4 billion over the same period last year. In the context of the recovery process, we are still working on consumption and export data.
The economic growth target for 2023 is expected to continue to be underpinned by infrastructure. Since the fourth quarter of 2022, the construction industry pmi has been consistently higher than the hub in recent years, and the industry has maintained a high profile. In May 23, the construction industry business activity index stood at 58.2 per cent, with the ring changing by 5.7 percentage points from April, and the weather level remains high.
2.1.2. Housing ends: Completion benefits from the accelerated heat of the turning-over building, new construction remains under pressure, non-residential patterns are expected to expand The year ' s investments in real estate development have increased at a lower rate and, according to the National Statistical Office, the national investment in real estate development was 13.3 trillion yuan for the entire year 2022, a decrease of 10.0 per cent compared to the previous year, of which $7.9 trillion was invested in the development of construction sub-projects, a decline of the same proportion
The 10.8% decline; in terms of industry, residential development has achieved investment of $1.01 billion, a 9.5% decline over the same period, and the 76% completion of residential development investment remains a major determinant of the pace of investment in real estate development. The completion of the project has benefited from the accelerated warming of the bailout policy, and new construction continues to be under pressure.
The cumulative area of construction was +18.80 per cent/+19.60 per cent respectively, and it is expected that the main beneficiaries of the “survival building” policy will account for a slight drop in the housing stock and that the new urbanization is expected to contribute to an increase in the demand for non-residential housing.
The proportion of dwellings completed fell slightly from 68.1 per cent in 2019 to 67.3 per cent in 2021; according to the Government's report, the rate of urbanization of the resident population was 65.2 per cent by the end of 2022 and the target of “urbanization of the resident population to 65 per cent” set out in the 14th Five-Year Plan was advanced.
New forms of urbanization need to be accelerated; in December 2022, the Ministry of Science and Technology and the Ministry of Housing issued the “14th Five-Year Plan for Scientific, Technological and Innovation in Urban Development”, which proposes “strengthened urban development patterns and urban spatial development studies”, “further development of integrated rural infrastructure”, among other things, and is expected to lead to an increase in the demand for public buildings in cities and to the promotion of non-residential housing.
The proportion of housing construction projects has increased. Figure 22: Number of houses completed and rate of increase of the same year (millions of flats) Figure 23: Proportion of housing units completed
2.2. Railways and highways have grown steadily in size and profitability, and China ' s iron and iron industry is leading in the construction of infrastructure projects, such as railways and roads. The railway market shares are the highest in the country, with urban tracks, road market shares and large bridges, tunnels and Electrification taking the lead.
For 11 consecutive years, the country’s share of the shield was the first in the world in the first and sixth years. The country’s railway investment slowed, but remained at a high level. Between 2017 and 2019, our railway investment was 800 billion yuan, a decline of 5.08 per cent.
The distance will grow from 146,000 km in 2020 to 165,000 km in 2025; the high-speed railway will grow from 38,000 km in 2020 to 50,000 km in 2025, and the rail order volume will be larger despite the slowdown. Despite the decline in the country’s railway investment, China’s new single-line railway agreement will continue to grow at a faster rate than ever before.
China’s new contract for the operation of the Central Railway in 2022 was $515.78 billion, an increase of 19.0 per cent in the same year; the outstanding contract was $761.20 million, an increase of 5.0 per cent in the same year. National road investment continued to increase, and China’s share of the city continued to rise.
Billion dollars, or 18.0 per cent over the same period; $650.71 billion in outstanding contracts, or 5.9 per cent less than the same year; the rate of Maori in railway operations has gradually recovered and the rate of Maori in road operations has remained largely stable.
The company continues to work in the field of integrated urban development, and continues to build on the competitive advantages of traditional business such as municipal, housing and water, ports and waterways, airport engineering and so on. Municipal and other operations were completed throughout the year 2022, of which municipal operations completed new contracts of $31.96 billion, a 24.3 per cent decrease, and construction operations completed new contracts.
The same amount of $841.82 billion, an increase of 6.2 per cent, and the completion of new contracts for urban orbital transport operations of $117.74 billion, a decrease of 21.1 per cent.
In 2022, the company's “second curve” was very effective, with new contracts amounting to $301,892 million, representing 11.3 per cent of total new signatures for infrastructure development, an increase of 81.18 per cent over the previous year, of which 98,557 million, representing an increase of 223.29 per cent, were for new contracts for water and electricity plates; and 22,329 per cent, for eco-environmental units.
By the same amount of $7,523 million, the amount of new contracts for clean energy plates exceeded $40 billion. Development opportunities for investment in water construction were seized, and mergers and acquisitions accelerated. In 2022, the country completed investment in water construction at $1089.3 million, an increase of 43.8 per cent over the year in 2021, with the largest number of new projects and investments in water.
The company took advantage of market opportunities to speed up the expansion of hydropower operations, and the number of new contracts for hydropower plates grew rapidly. In 2020, the company acquired the Jiangxi Water Institute and renamed it the Central Iron Water Institute, formally cutting into the water and water industry; In 2022, the company financed $11 billion to acquire 33.54 per cent of the share in the Phil Water Drill Engineering Company Ltd. to accelerate the development of hydropower.
The year of the tenth anniversary of the One-way initiative, the tenth anniversary of the International Engineering-Accelerating Recovery, and the significant results in the focus areas. The “One-way” initiative, launched in 2013, is aimed at actively developing economic partners with countries along the way, building on bilateral and multilateral mechanisms already in place between China and the countries concerned.
Relations, in-depth cooperation in key economic areas such as infrastructure, energy, transport, trade, etc. The 20th Congress proposed to build a “one-way” high-quality development that would further deepen infrastructure connectivity and allow for greater, higher-level and deeper regional cooperation; the year 2023 marked the tenth anniversary of the “one-way” initiative; and the last 10 years for our country and the United Nations.
151 countries and 32 international organizations signed over 200 “one-way” cooperation documents, with an average annual increase of 8.6 per cent in access to and from countries along the route, and two-way investments are on the way to new steps. China, Saudi Arabia, Iran, 10 March 2023