The second curve continues to expand.
- China Iron (601390) for the first time covered by the Fifi Building Materials Industry as the lead research assistant for the Fifi Building Materials Industry - $15005220202
China is one of the largest infrastructure construction contractors in the world.
Corporate infrastructure development is extensive. In the engineering fields of railways, roads, municipalities, housing construction, urban track transport, hydropower, airports, ports, etc., the company operates in over 90 countries and regions around the world, while the company completes the overall layout of the construction industry and the associated multi-sector industrial chain and is designing it.
In 2022, the company ranked 34th in Fortune 500, fifth in China 500, and second in the world’s top 250 contractors.
The “second curve” became a new engine for corporate growth, and the water and water sector performed well. While consolidating its core business, the company was actively engaged in urban renewal, hydropower, water conservation, clean energy, etc. Emerging markets, with a new contract for the company “second curve” of $301,892 million in 2022, compared to the previous year.
In 2022, our investment in water construction amounted to $11.564 billion, an increase of 44 per cent over 2021, with the largest number of new hydroelectric projects and investments in history, and the company ' s hydropower plates are expected to remain strong as the country ' s investment in water construction continues to increase.
Corporate performance remained robust in the context of the epidemic. The company ' s gross operating income in 2022 was $1 billion, an increase of 13.25 per cent. The company ' s capital/property/equipment/design operations revenue fell by 0.2 pct on a small scale, but the weighted average roe, the net operating interest rate and the net home rate were the same.
The company ' s four cost rates decreased by 0.07 pct, with only an increase in R & D rates and a fall in tariffs in the last month (%) and an increase in regulatory efficiency to sustain R & D.
Year after year, with the combined effects of recurrent epidemics and economic downside pressures, the control of cash flows has been continuously strengthened, using cash flows as one of the main subjects of the indicator appraisal system, while maintaining in the real estate area the “pay-and-go” requirement to ensure the security of cash flows from real estate operations and, ultimately, cash flows from operating activities
At the same time, the new business was actively nurtured, and the growth of the “second curve” was opened, with significant operational results, with the “second curve” entering into new contracts of $301,892 million a year, representing 11.3 per cent of the total new signatures for basic construction operations, an increase of 81.18 per cent over the same period.
New contracts amounting to $98,557 million, or 22,329 per cent more than the previous year; new contracts for eco-environmental plates amounting to $75,223 million; and new contracts for clean energy plates amounting to more than $40 billion. Given the rapid growth of corporate overseas orders, it is hoped that the tenth anniversary of the convergence of “a journey” at a time of recovery in the international market will be reached
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd. signed a new bill of $183.78 billion, a significant increase of 21.1 per cent over the same period.
One of the main infrastructure builders is the “one-way” "one-way-one-way-one-way-one-the-board-one-the-board-one-long-one-long-one-long-one-for-one-long-for-one-for-one-for-one-for-one-for-one-for-one-for-one-for-one-for-one-for-one-one-for-one-for-one-for-one-one-for-one-for-one-for-one-for-one-one-for-one-for-one-for-one-one-for-one-one-for-one-one-for-one-one-for-one-one-one-for-one-one-one-one-for-one-one-one-for-one-one-one-one-one-for-one-one-one-one-for-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-way-one-one-one-one-one-one-way-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-way-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one
The tenth anniversary of this year, the third Summit on International Cooperation, “One Way,” is expected to be a success, coupled with a recovery in the international economic environment, and a sustained expansion in corporate operations abroad. Given the company’s abundance of hand orders, its high performance stability, and the impact of the epidemic, it is expected that performance will continue to improve.
The company, as a large engineering company, was affected by a variety of factors during the epidemic, including logistics, supply chains, staffing, construction festivals.
The impact of the epidemic has diminished over the past 23 years, and the company’s performance is expected to accelerate. A profit forecast: as a leading nation-wide and global capital enterprise, the company’s business performance is expected to remain robust and stable in the wake of the epidemic, adding to China’s socialist valuations.
In the context of construction, ps and pe are expected to increase both ways, with a higher investment value. Risk factors: capital investment is significantly reduced, funds are affected by construction and the rainy season is affected by construction.
The company is one of the largest infrastructure construction contractors in the world. China’s iron and steel operations include railways, roads, municipalities, housing construction, urban rail transport, hydropower, airports, ports, wharfs, etc., and can provide a “vertical integration” package of turnkey services for the construction industry.
There are also better jobs in parts and components manufacturing, real estate development, mineral resource development, highway operations, finance, etc., ranking 5th out of China’s 500 largest companies and 2nd out of the world’s 250 largest contractors.
In the area of railways, the company is the backbone of China’s railways and is involved in the construction of the country’s main railway main lines, with the total mileage of the railways being approximately two-thirds of China’s railways. In the area of roads, the company is involved in the construction of the railways.
It is the main force in road construction, and has been involved in the surveying, design, construction, and supervision of hundreds of high-level roads over 40,000 kilometres in length, of which the highway is close to 18,000 kilometres, or 15% of the total mileage of China’s highways. In the orbital area, companies have built more than 2,000 kilometres of magnetic suspension, subways, light tracks, and three-fifths of the total mileage of China’s urban orbital projects.
Figure 2 Company Railways for Engineering - Jinjin City (Ruban Prize, Jan Tinyu Award, 100 Projects for Railways of Company 1 - Jung Xi Gauteng (National Quality Engineering Silver Award), National Science and Technology Progress First Prize)
Figure 3 Roads for Engineering - Kyuzun Tong Highway (Ruban Prize, National Science Technology Project 4 Roads for Engineering - Jai Chai (Pu) State Highway (Photo Progress First Prize, Transport Department ' s Ten National Highways Project)
1st prize for excellent design in Jiang Province and the Luban prize for construction and engineering in China)
The company pays a lot of money for various projects and has several national priority laboratories. The company owns a master contractor for railway works, 19 for construction works, 9 for municipal public works and 9 for ports and waterways.
The only national engineering research centre in China for high-speed railway construction technology, the National Priority Laboratory for the Health and Security of Bridge Structures, the National Priority Laboratory for Shields and Deep-In Technologies, represent the most advanced technology in the construction of Chinese railways, bridges, tunnels, or orbits.
Companies are equally powerful and productive in the field of surveying design. Companies have a clear advantage in designing, building, and undertaking “one-stop” comprehensive survey design and process advisory services for their clients. Companies have accumulated 154 national prizes for excellent engineering survey design, 101 national prizes for excellent engineering consulting, and international engineering consulting (fidic)
The Division’s design advisory operations are mainly in the railways, urban orbital transport, roads, municipalities, housing, hydropower, water survey and survey schemes, while continuously moving to modern trams, medium- and low-speed magnetic suspensions, smart traffic, civil airports, port terminals, electricity, etc.
Industry’s demand for equipment and spare parts is huge, and transport niches are leading the world. Companies are the largest global producers of shield/tbm research and development, the largest manufacturers of fork and bridge steel structures, and the largest railways in the country.
The company is a national and world leader in the manufacture of high-end equipment related to transport infrastructure, such as railways, roads, urban orbital traffic, underground engineering, fork-fork products, tunnel construction equipment and services, steel construction and installation, engineering machinery, rail and urban orbital power.
In the domestic market, firms occupy 64% of the high-tech high-speed turn-off (more than 250 km per hour), 46% of the general-speed turn-off, 56% of the heavy-track fork, 70% of the urban turn-off, over 60% of the large steel-structured bridge market, and high-speed.
The market for spare parts for rail access networks was over 60 per cent, while the market for urban orbital transport and electricity products was about 50 per cent; by the end of 2022, there had been a rapid increase of 33.8 per cent over the previous year in the outstanding contract value of $13.63 billion for company engineering equipment and spare parts manufacturing operations.
Figure 7 Industrial manufacturing - the world’s largest rectangular shield - Figure 8 Industrial manufacturing - 350 km per hour 60kg/m steel track 42 high-speed fork in the capital remains an important player in the steady growth of the economy this year, and companies are expected to continue to benefit as heads.
This year, the country’s development goal is about 5% GDP growth, with steady and steady progress and policy continuity. This year’s main policy thrust is “stable,” capital is an important driver of steady economic growth, and capital investment is expected to continue at a high rate. In terms of project funding, it is proposed to set aside $3.8 trillion in local government bonds this year.
The build-up rate is expected to remain high, and companies are expected to continue to benefit.2 Real estate plates are expected to concentrate on high-quality resources, companies are expected to shift to the “real estate + infrastructure” model based on the dominance of their own industries, and companies are expected to have significant advantages in integrating their industrial chains.
Focusing on urban clusters, urban circles, looking for projects and development around the capital masters, steadily expanding the fields of travel, welfare, tod, fairs, etc., accelerating the shift from traditional commercial real estate development to a multi-occupational, multi-occupational, multifunctional and integrated development model.
In an effort to further strengthen risk management, companies have adjusted their share of investment and increased their share of investment in the first and second-line cities, while at the same time focusing on inventory and project returns, while strengthening stock holdings.
By the end of 2022, the company's real estate business had achieved a new contract value of $75.190 billion, an increase of 29.6 per cent over the same period; the new land3 and the second curve constituted new performance growth points, the 22-year “second curve” constituted new dynamic growth and the water and power block orders were showing up.
At the same time, we are actively pursuing “second curve” markets such as urban renewal, hydropower, water conservation, and clean energy. The Department's “second curve” signed a new contract of $301,892 million in 2022, accounting for 11.3% of the total of new signatures in infrastructure development operations.
53.37 per cent of equity is included in the corporate consolidated statements. We believe that the company ' s subsequent revenues from hydropower plates are expected to continue to guarantee the country ' s investment in water construction in 2022, amounting to $11.564 billion, an increase of 44 per cent over 2021, of which $20.36 billion, representing an increase of 52 per cent over 2021, using local government bonds; $32.4 billion in financial credit and social capital, an increase from 2021.
This year, we will continue to speed up the construction of the national water network, improve the pattern of water distribution, speed up the construction of the backbone of the national water network, complete the master plan for the south-north shift, and strengthen the rural water supply. We believe that water and electricity will continue to be high and the company’s second curve will be well developed, hopefully contributing to the new growth point.
The company now invests in five modern mines, both within and outside the country, and is operating well. The company produces and sells the main minerals.
This includes copper, cobalt, molybdenum, lead, zinc, ore, cathode copper, and cobalt hydroxide. At present, corporate copper, cobalt, molybdenum reserves are in the lead in the domestic industry, with mines producing copper and molybdenum having the highest capacity in the domestic industry. In 2022, corporate mineral resources development and sales remained stable overall. Of this amount, copper metal production was 30.29 million tons, an increase of 25 per cent compared to the corresponding increase in cobalt gold.
Production was 0.52 million tons, an increase of 60 per cent in the same year; molybdenum metal production was 1.5 million tons, the same level; lead metal production was 0.95 million tons, a decrease of 13 per cent in the same year; zinc metal production was 236,000 tons, an increase of 10 per cent in the same year; and silver metal production was 44.7 tons, an increase of 88 per cent in the same year, new single-capital construction, 2 per cent in real estate, 2 per cent in industrial manufacturing, 1 per cent in design and 7 per cent in others.
According to the breakdown of new capital contracts, railway operations account for 19 per cent, road operations for 13 per cent, and municipal and other operations for 68 per cent. Railway operations, road operations and municipal and other operations registered new single increases of 19.0 per cent, 18.0 per cent, and 6.8 per cent, respectively.
In recent times, foreign leaders have visited China and our leaders more frequently, adding to the environment recovering from the epidemic, overseas orders are expected to continue to expand, and companies, as leading capital builders, are expected to continue to expand their orders on a “one-way” basis.
Figure 20 New billing and growth rates (millions of yuan) for capital operations IV. Analysis of key financial indicators IV. Firm annual growth in corporate revenue and net profits achieved in 2022, with net profits growing faster than revenue.
Current operating income of $11,543.6 million, an increase of 7.6 per cent over the same period; net return to mothers of $31,280 million, an increase of 13.3 per cent over the same period; figure 23 accounts for 22 years of corporate revenue, and figure 24 for 22 years of Maori business.
▪ Capital construction " Engineering equipment and spare parts manufacturing
Survey design and consulting services Engineering equipment and spare parts manufacturing Survey design and consulting services
Corporate ownership grew steadily in size and efficiency. In 2022, the company generated 98,353 million yuan in infrastructure construction, an increase of 6.5 per cent in the same year. Of this amount, 23,695 million yuan was earned in railway operations, an increase of 9.7 per cent in the same year; 1,164 billion yuan in road operations, an increase of 5.5 per cent in the same year; and 5.5,494 billion yuan in municipal and other revenues, an increase of 5.5 per cent in the same year.
Interest-bearing finance, with an average financing cost of 3.94 per cent, a decrease of 0.17 percentage points over the same period, and a significant increase in net operating cash flows due to the overall controllability of the company ' s costs. In 2022, the company ' s cost rates declined except for R & D rates, with sales, management, R & D, financial costs of 0.55, 2.17 per cent, 2.40 per cent and 0.28 per cent, respectively.
Companies are actively using the country’s steady growth measures to speed up the recovery of funds, while strengthening cash flow controls and working to improve the liquidity situation, resulting in a net cash flow of $43,552 million from operating activities, which translates into $30,482 million from the same period. We believe that companies, as the leading infrastructure enterprises at the national and global levels, have ample orders and are recovering from the epidemic.
In China, where business performance is expected to continue at 5.95 times as high as pe in the context of the construction of a socialist valuation system with Chinese characteristics, we believe that Chinese iron, as a capital leader in 2023, is expected to be 5.63 times lower than a comparable company average and that, in 10 years of history, the company ' s current stock price is below the historical average pe
Securities, research on building materials and new materials, specializing in finding breakthroughs in data and industry.
The component is not relevant, is not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analytical or opinion in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindard Securities”) has the qualifications of the CSRC-approved securities investment consulting business.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.