In 2022 there was a 45 per cent increase in operating income, and in one quarter the market share of Eian continued to rise.
Gross operating income grew by 45% in the same year, with autonomous brands working in tandem with joint ventures. In 2022, the Band achieved a gross operating income of $11 billion, a 45% increase in the same year; investment earnings of $14.3 billion, an increase of 10,000 vehicles, an increase of 16% and 14% in the same year, with sales in the fourth place in the country's automobile consortium, the market.
The share rose to about 9.1 per cent in 2022, and the sales of the BVI, the BVI and the joint venture brands were maintained at a relatively large equal rate, with a combination of factors contributing to corporate sales earnings, investment returns and net return to the mother, which led to a downward trend in profits in one quarter, which was still better than in the fourth quarter of last year.
The Volkswagen Group achieved a gross operating income of $26.6 billion, an increase of 14 per cent, and a 10 per cent decline in the ring ratio; investment sales fell on the same basis, there was a time lag in transmission of lower costs of lithium carbonate, and subsidies for new energy vehicles dropped across the board, with intense price competition leading to joint venture brands having the same profitability as autonomous brands.
In March of 2022, Hiro-Ayan used a non-public agreement to boost stock incentives for 679 key employees and introduced strategies. Investors further enhanced the long-acting incentives of the Bulk-Ann.
The card size of 150,000-250,000 in pure electric vehicles market, self-research cartridge battery systems, super-energy lithium batteries, etc., Wide Gas Group (601238.sh) - sales revenue increased by 45 per cent in the previous three quarters over the same period, with a wide range of technology, with existing models built on pure power platform gep 2.0, with an expected replacement from version 3.0 in 2023.
In October 2022, Hiro-Ean invested in the establishment and control of the Heavy Power Technology Company Ltd.
In the first quarter of 2022, Eyan completed the closed circuit layout of the energy eco-industry chain.
In view of the competitive price of the entire car factory in 2023, the market share of the traditional joint venture brand is under pressure.
Gross operating income grew by 45 per cent in the same year, with autonomous brands working at the same time as joint ventures. In 2022, the BG achieved a total business income of $11 billion, a 45 per cent increase in the same year; investment returns of $14.3 billion, a 21 per cent increase in the same year; and net profit returns of the BIG, a net profit return and a ratio of the same value.
In 2022, BG sold 2.48 million and 2.43 million vehicles, an increase of 16 per cent and 14 per cent in the same year, and the size of the production, which was the fourth largest in a domestic automobile consortium, raised its market share to about 9.1 per cent. In 2022, the sales of BIG, BIG, Eian and the joint venture brands continued to grow at a much higher rate than the previous year, pushing corporate sales revenue and investment revenue.
The net profit from profit and return is growing steadily. Figure 5: Wide-air autonomous sales and the same-year ratio. Figure 7: Wide-air Honda sales and the same-year ratio.
Figure 8: In 2022, Hirotota announced a cash dividend or profit of 3.5 billion yuan, a decrease of 17 per cent in the same year; Hirotota announced a cash dividend or profit of 7.5 billion yuan, an increase of 32 per cent in the same year.
In the first quarter of 2023, the Banda Group achieved a gross operating income of $26.6 billion, an increase of 14 per cent and a decline of 10 per cent in the ring; and investment returns of $3 billion, a decrease of the same value.
In the first quarter of the BG, 56/54 million vehicles were sold, a 6/11 per cent decline in the same year. Of these, the cumulative sales in the first quarter of the BG/ BHN/ BHN were 149,474/220 000/83 600/78 318 vehicles, respectively - 29.63 per cent/-10.93 per cent/-7.57 per cent/+74.53 per cent.
One quarter is the traditional light season in the automobile industry, with joint ventures selling fewer cars on the same day, the transfer of lower costs of lithium carbonate, a time lag, and the overall fall in subsidies for new energy vehicles, with intense price competition leading to a decline in the profitability of joint ventures and autonomous brands.
From January 2022 to March 2023, the share of the city in the new energy-car industry rose from 3.89 per cent to 6.49 per cent. In the first quarter of 2023, the share of the new energy-car industry in the new energy-car industry was reduced by Hiro-Ayan.
This company focuses on autonomous R & D and industrialization of the idu power-driven system, integrating autonomous power-driven R & D, testing, testing, and mass production. It is expected to invest $2.16 billion over the next few years, and Ean will be fully engaged in the new phase of power-driven self-production.
In one area of power drive, Eian has published several industry-led technologies. In 2018, EA launched the first global deep integration triad power drive, bringing about a combination of power drive, power control, and reduction, with a reduction of 20% in weight and 15% in size, with a 14% increase in power and a 20% increase in torque.
In 2020, EA launched the global launch of a high-performance double-barrel “four-in-one” integrated power-drive technology with two-second phase zero, and on September 15, EAA released Chinese superrunhyperssr with 1.9 seconds and 100 seconds of acceleration capability, and its power system has completed the testing of the Central Steam Center, bringing cars up to 100 seconds.
In October 2022, co-investments were made by the BMW, the BMW, the BMW and the BMW, and the BMW-controlled company, the GWEAN Corporation for Battery Technology Ltd., was officially registered with a capital of RMB 1 billion. Since its inception, EA has consistently maintained scientific and technological innovation and built world class-class intelligent and pure electric vehicles. In one of the three power cores, needles,
In April 2022, Eyan was awarded the highest award for technological innovation. Since the beginning of the year, EAan has launched a battery research and development pilot line, an energy technology company, and a sharp power technology company.
The company, the strategic collaboration with the upstream material end-head supplier in the lithium industry, the cold cobalt industry, etc., and the super-charged power centre, this time as a result of the establishment of the Battery Technology Corporation, signifies that Eyan will have full access to upstream raw materials, R & D, manufacturing, electricity, etc.
The energy eco-industry chain, including pool recycling and stairwelling, has been configured to complete the closure of the energy-economy industry and to make a greater contribution to promoting high-quality development of the energy industry. In October 2022, the Broad Gas Group issued an announcement on the progress of the Broad-Carbon Eian Replenishment Unit, and this is an example of a round of financing.
With 53 strategic investors, financing amounted to $18,294 million, releasing 17.72 per cent of the shares (estimated to be $103.2 billion on this basis). After the financing was completed, the RMB 6,421 million was added to the RMB 7,803 million registered capital, and the share ratio of the RMB directly and indirectly in its possession was changed from 93.45 per cent to 93.45 per cent.
76.89 per cent. Hirogas Eyan is still a holding subsidiary of the BGG. This round of financing is being led by insured capital, Nannet power creation, national exchange funds, deep investment, Sino-Kinshik, the Guangzhou Group or its under-secretary funds or agencies, which have introduced the replacement energy ecology, battery critical resources,
Strategic support and industry collaboration with investors in areas such as chip design and manufacturing, smart driving circuit synergies; 53 strategic investors known for their market influence, such as marketization, financial and asset management, and large policy-led national and local investment agencies.
This a-round financing campaign has given GVA the advantage of strategic industrial resources up and down in the area of new energy vehicles; upgrading of GVA's industrial chain, supply chain supply stability, development of GVA's new product, new generation batteries, power-driven research and development, and industrialization in the energy ecology, battery materials, car chips, etc.
The R & D and industrialization of core technologies such as installation, intelligent driving, smart cabins, and guaranteed capacity provide sufficient financial support: the combined competitive advantage of the future development of the Boain Eyan has been greatly enhanced and enhanced. Investment proposals: lower profit forecasts, maintenance of a “buy-in” rating.
The market share of the traditional joint venture brands is under pressure, and we're fine-tuning the profit forecast of the steam group. We expect sales of the wide proprietorships to be 84/93/10.2 million each in 2023/2024/2025, taking into account historical data, and given the stronger cycle of the wide proprietorship wheels, sales are expected to remain relatively high in the coming years.
At a high rate of growth, we expect companies to benefit from scale effects and brand premiums, and the Māori rate is expected to improve year by year, with sales of $7.265.5 billion, single-car profits of 0.8/0.7/0.6 million and investment returns contributing respectively.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject