Ningpo Bank has continued to be profitable and has been concerned with the process of steady growth The Ningpo Bank has maintained its high profitability, its performance has increased and its roe level has been maintained at the forefront of the industry, and the public has been very active.
The quality of the Department’s assets has been at a better level. Companies have been able to transfer their shares since the third quarter of 2019 to supplement core-level capital (9.86% of core-level capital availability at the end of the three quarters) and to support better business expansion; in addition, companies have issued a firm’s eight billion yuan increase announcement to further strengthen capital.
The net profit of Ningpo Bank increased by 22.6 per cent year-on-year and 2.6 more than in the previous three quarters (20.0 per cent)
The percentage point, and the company’s principal revenue performance, rose by 0.8 percent to 21.2 percent over the previous three quarters, and we believe that Ningpo Bank’s four-quarter expansion is the industry’s leader in increasing its performance.
Capital (a core-level capital adequacy rate of 9.86 per cent at the end of the three-quarters) better supports the expansion of the company’s operations in the four-quarter period, with increased asset allocation.
▪ The quality of the assets remains excellent, the base of the provision is strong, the quality of the Ningpo Bank assets remains robust, with a negative rate of 0.78 per cent at the end of the four seasons and a flat ring at the end of the three seasons, and the rate of non-performing loans continues to be low in the industry and the quality of the company's assets continues to be excellent.
The level of provision continues to be higher for listed banks at 4.10 per cent, and the downside of the economy has led to a higher than expected deterioration in the quality of assets.
He's qualified for portfolio investment consulting.
Ningpo Bank released its 2019 performance report, with net profits equal to +22.6 per cent in 2019, operating income equal to +21.2 per cent, total assets of 1.32 trillion yuan (+18.03 per cent, yoy/+62.9 per cent, qoq), of which total loans (+23.31 per cent, yoy/+5.69 per cent, qoq), deposits kept growing rapidly and expanding rapidly
Ningpo Bank's net profits increased by 22.6% over the year, by 2.6 percentage points over the previous three quarters (20.0%), and the company's principal revenues showed good performance, with revenue rising by 0.8 to 21.2% over the previous three quarters.
In the forefront of the industry, a company could be better supported in expanding its four-quarter credit ring by 5.69%, slightly slower than its assets. Ningpo Bank assets remained robust, with a negative end-of-season rate of 0.78% and a flat level at the end of the three seasons.
The company has a solid base, with 524% coverage at the end of the quarter, a small 1.41 percentage point decline over the four seasons; the loan ratio is equal to 4.10%, and the level of the provision continues to be at the highest level in the listed banks. Ningpo Bank has maintained excellent profitability, performance growth and Roe levels at the top of the industry, with corporate asset quality performance at the same level.
In addition, the company has issued a firm ' s firm ' s firm of $8 billion in targeted increases to further strengthen capital power, and the economy ' s downside leads to a deterioration in asset quality that is more than expected. As a pro-cyclical industry, banks have a strong correlation between corporate business development and economic development.
Observing economic development affects the operation of the real economy and profitability, thereby affecting the quality performance of the banking sector’s assets. If the economy falls short of expectations, there is a risk that the quality of the bank’s assets will deteriorate, thus affecting the bank’s profitability.