Event of 19 February 2020: Ningpo Bank limited price discounts by amending the grant plan in accordance with the new refinancing regulations introduced on 14 February
The top nine-point discount is reduced to eight-fold, while the maximum number of issuers is increased from 10 to 35 and the remaining investor locks are regularly reduced from 12 to 6 months, with the remainder remaining unchanged.  Profit forecasting and investment ratings: Ningpo Bank, as a core asset of the banking unit, has excellent operational capacity and continued to be strong
We expect that the company 9.7x20pe will still have significant scope for improving the current valuation from a profit level. We believe that the company’s fundamentals remain excellent, recommend long-term priorities, and maintain a “buy-in” rating.
▪ Reduction of the fixed price increase discount to 8 discounts + participation to 35 participants, and CWB still subscribes to 20 per cent for a period of five years. 1) The company's scheduled increase was initiated in 2017 at the earliest, following three revisions to the plan, which reduced the base price from 90 per cent to 80 per cent of the average price for the 20 trading days prior to the base date, based on the new refinancing regulations, if used to best
After two rounds of capital replenishment, a round of recapitalization (which was fully transferred in 2019), and up to the end of the third quarter of 2019, the company’s capital replenishment will be fully supported.
▪ We expect that the epidemic and the shutdown will have limited impact on corporate credit operations, and that the quality of assets will remain at the forefront. The company’s recent weakness in equity prices is judged to be due to investors’ concern about the pneumonia epidemic and the potential pressure that the stoppage has placed on the quality of corporate private lending assets, as well as the net interest differentials on companies in the Zhejiang region as a result of a series of credit preferences
The impact, combined with preliminary micro-studies, is not to be considered too worried about the impact of the epidemic, and the overall impact is manageable.1, Ningbo Bank (002142): On the one hand, the number of companies that have been increasing in recent years, despite their increasing efforts to provide services to private companies, retail companies and micro-clients is increasing.
Replenishment of core-level capital, shareholder support, but loan balances and share are not high, with only 6.9 per cent of self-employed loan balances in mid-2019 integrated into retail operations, with clients in the public sector (credits of 58.07 per cent) predominantly investing in local cities that are resilient to risk.
State enterprises, etc. On the other hand, companies have been more cautious and limited in their lending to “small groups of customers” such as catering, accommodation, recreation, etc., have been more favourable to private business customers for listed or proposed companies, and have been less cautious in the amount of credit awarded to individual households, which have ensured the quality of corporate assets against risk.
The company has maintained a high rate of growth of about 20% at a high rate of profit growth, and is expected to maintain a high rate of growth in future credit costs. The company has maintained a high rate of growth of about 20% in the first three quarters of the year, with annualized roaa as high as 1.21%, and roae has stabilized at a high level of 19.3%, with an impressive overall performance in 2019.
To speed up lending at the end of the three-quarters, with total loans increasing by 24.1% to $50.6 billion, and savings increasing by 20.6%. The quality of assets still leads the banks, with poor rates of 0.78% at the end of the three-quarters and 525.49% at the end of the three-quarters, and we expect that companies will be able to reduce their credit costs significantly in the future.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board (CMS), Toshio Securities Co. Ltd. has an investment advisory committee on securities.