Rapid asset growth, high profit growth and high profit growth innovation – the Ningpo Bank's performance was evaluated quickly, and the accumulated profit growth was again over 20%, reaching the next stage. The revenue growth was 21.23% in the same year (first three).
The main profit contribution of q4 is estimated to be the provision. The negative q4 rate is 0.78%, the ring ratio is equal, the allowance coverage is 524%, the ring is slightly lower by 1 pct. The tttm caliber is equal, but the credit cost is equal.
The ring ratio drops by 9bp to 1.57%. The company’s provision coverage is now significantly ahead of the other a-stock listing banks.
\triangleright's non-interest income is the second largest profit contribution point, driven mainly by credit card instalments, with faster growth throughout the year. Our estimated net interest income increased at a lower rate than in the previous three quarters, mainly because the base for the same period of the previous year was too high.
In fact, q4 companies have increased their asset investments at a very high price. Assets have increased by 18.03 per cent over the year, ring by 6.29 per cent, and the q4 loans have jumped to the top of the list. Because q4 loans are limited, end companies have substantially increased their active liabilities, and the ratio of corporate liabilities to debt payable has been raised to interest-bearing rates.
About 32% of the liabilities are close to the regulatory ceiling. So q4, under the corporate debt interest rate, the full measure looks forward to 2020, when we think that the company’s bright spot is in asset expansion and non-interest operations.
This year, the profit growth rate of around 20% is supported by an adequate provision. The quality of assets is largely manageable in the short term. We predict that the net return profits of companies will grow at a rate of asset quality fluctuations in 2019-2021, and that lending prices will decline.
The analysis logic is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeking to be objective, impartial and not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.