Triple Group: Growth from high barrier + strong technology + flat power, electro-ceramic ceramics, oxidized appetizers and fuel
Technology is strong + high vertical integration creates high barriers. The production process is long, the material configuration, the production of ceramics, high-temperature scalding and equipment is difficult, the process is complicated, and China's “reverse engineering” research and development techniques are useless in the field of ceramics.
Brand brands, multi-customers, and experience building platforms. Prominent brands of products, highly fragmented downstream customers, and years of experience accumulation and product alignment form the company’s balance.
Platforms, platforms and platforms bring a large volume of sales and rich product line layouts that guarantee the stability and potential of corporate performance growth, except for strategic and emerging product lines, which give the Department a huge imagination, the company's existing main product lines, which will be available in the next two to three years.
At the same time, the company has a large product line, with more than half of the ceramic infusion and holster operations, nearly 10 per cent of the fuel cell diaphragm panels, pkg ceramic envelopes, around 8 per cent of the ceramics, wired enders, ceramics, mlcc, and resistance.
Target. In the future, the pkg porcelain sealing base has successfully replicated the core, while the oxidium oxidation exterior, fuel cells will have the potential to explode. Market data (7 April 2017)
The growth of the company’s original business is stable. The accelerated construction of base stations, light communications and data centres will lead to a steady growth in core operations.
The fuel cell is a clean energy source for the future. The company is the base of Bloom ' s core energy supply (2016).
Commercially, once the core components of the fuel cell power system are developed, we estimate that this year will be the year when the porcelain back caps are crossed, a brand of cellular ceramics will be released, and the next half of the year, a brand of branded branded phones will have a high probability of using the porcelain back caps.
For the supply chain from powdered materials, formula slurry, scalding to post-processing, tri-ring groups and long-finished precisions will benefit depths! 1. Clear growth paths: megamarkets + super-high barriers + super-technology
1.1. The company accumulated deep, downstream and expansionary in the field of electronic ceramics. The introduction of advanced equipment from abroad was an automation of production, and in 1992 the company was converted from a local state-owned enterprise to a share-holding company with an employee.
For more than 40 years, the company built the plant around the core technology of ceramic materials, which, on the one hand, forced the production of large traditional electronic components, such as aluminium oxide, ceramics, electrical resistance, etc., and, on the other hand, through the extension of technology and the opening of markets, which led to a transformational upgrading of the industry.
New products, covering a wider range of areas, such as light communications in the light communication industry with ceramic cores, smart phones, colourful ceramic envelopes in equipment, back caps, fingerprints, and other products, core components of black horse solid oxide fuel cells in the new energy field.
Material cell electrolysis diaphragm panels, bioceramics, compressors, etc. product lines. As a result, the company ' s multi-product line business layout strategy has been very successful, not only by constructing entry thresholds for technology, production and cost in the segmented market, but also by pushing the company ' s output up the ladder.
In the process of transformation and upgrading, the company is backed by a strong technological reserve, backed by materials, technology, and the company opens the way to a wider and broader future. 1.2. Ceramics are available where electronics and telecommunications are available in the future, and the market space is wide.
Electronic ceramics are scalded as a major component of oxides or nitrogen, and in the electronics industry, using electromagnetic, magnetic, etc., conversions, through precision control over surfaces, crystals and size structures, ultimately acquires new ceramics, such as insulation shielding, intermediates, sensor superconducting, magnetic applications, etc.
In various applications such as consumer electronics, home appliances, automobiles and new energy sources, we expect that in the future there will be electronics and ceramics where there is communication. Electronic ceramics can be divided into two main categories: structural ceramics and functional ceramics.
Ceramic materials such as electronic components, devices, components, etc., are manufactured, and are also known as porcelain. The functional porcelain finger is used to manufacture ceramic materials such as capacitors, resistors, sensors, energy exchangers, filters, oscillators, sensors, etc.
In recent years, the market demand for electronic ceramic components has grown as a result of widespread developments in communications, computers, electronic instrumentation, household appliances and digital circuit technology, and industry demand will grow at an annual rate of 15-20 per cent, estimated at around $21 billion in 2015.
At the beginning of the year, China’s demand for e-ceramic products was estimated at around 39.7 billion yuan, with industry growing at a rate of over 12%. As most of China’s e-ceramic companies were released from their e-material plants in the 1950’s, a large part of the technology was lagging behind, and in the past they dominated the low-end market for e-ceramics.
The market is still occupied by Japanese manufacturers such as Murada, tdk, and Kyochi. In the area of electronic ceramics, Japan’s group has been known as the world’s “King of Ceramics.”
During the fiscal year, the KGG realized sales revenue of about RMB 91.1 billion, of which ceramics and electronics components, including fine ceramic parts, semiconductor parts, precision ceramic applications, electrical components, etc., together generated sales revenue of over RMB 50 billion and became the three-ring group.
In the year 2000 or so, ceramic cores continued to be dominated by Japanese manufacturers, with the company producing a large share of the market supply. The company began producing ceramic cores in 2001.
In the future, in more areas such as pkg porcelain envelopes, precision ceramics, etc., the company will continue the momentum of the porcelain core market and will continue to push the foreign market.
1.3. Strong technology research and development with a high degree of vertical integration creates high barriers and sophisticated ceramic production processes are more complex, usually including dozens of processes and numerous forms of process control.
The company’s product process consists mainly of four main components: material configuration, raw ceramic formation, scalding, post-burning, and skin detection. Each of these components is faced with numerous options: (1) material configuration, where the company uses materials such as nanograde oxidium oxide, aluminium oxide, aluminium nitrogen, etc.
Precious earth metals, etc., are blended and modified to include substances such as chemical glues, which are configured as viscous solutions with organic solvents as a carrier. (2) The raw ceramic formation process, in which companies use injection or extended processes, respectively, to produce a single piece of material.
, where cylindrical external elements, such as cores, tubes, matrices, etc., are injected, and the fragments, such as the base, the base, the diaphragm, and so forth, are used as a flow process. After a single formation, a secondary formation of raw ceramics is required depending on the product, consisting mainly of pressurization, printing, stacking, cutting, etc.
(3) The scalding process, the control of the temperature curve and the atmosphere are key to the quality of the product. At the post-burn processing stage, the porcelain is treated in the back-track process of grinding, correction, etc., depending on the product, to ensure consistency in its performance and physical structure.
(4) During the external detection process, the shape size of the product, defects, etc., are examined, and the production process of the company in general, the material configuration, porcelain formulation, high temperature flaring and equipment preparation techniques form the core competitiveness of the company.
The later Mozi has a hardness of about 8.5, which is slightly lower than the sapphire produced by aluminium oxide long crystals, and the post-burn grinding process can only be an improvement in surface performance, and the main size precision needs to be shaped and secured by a scalding process. So, in order to ensure that the raw ceramic material is functional, it is maintained during the scalding process.
Consistency of contraction requires repeated experiments and refinements in material configurations, raw china shapes and filamentary curves, where the technical know-how constitutes a huge threshold for the manufacture of electronic ceramic components. At the same time, the organic reagents added to the porcelain process are completely evaporated by the scalding process.
As a result of the different physico-chemical properties of ceramic finished products and raw materials, the “reverse engineering” research and development techniques that the Chinese are good at are useless in the field of ceramics, and so the technology expansion of the company as a whole has gradually become the mainstream of the industry.
For this reason, 300 people have been trained in electromechanical research and development and manufacturing teams for the development and manufacture of critical automation equipment.
It is highly customized, so the company’s understanding of the process can greatly enhance the equipment’s capability to produce and achieve the cost of manufacturing equipment well below the market price. Thus, the depreciation advantage associated with the difference in the cost of machinery and equipment is also an important reason for companies to compete with domestic and international manufacturers.
1.4. A master of the core techniques of oxidizing ceramic recaps, leading men, 2017 will be the year of decades, when the tri-ring group has focused on the development and production of various structures of ceramics and has mastered micro-powder technology, electronic ceramic series formulations, mini- and high-precision products.
Crucial techniques such as pressurization, injection, drifting, stacking and printing techniques, stacking and atmosphere protection of high temperature combustible techniques, ceramic metalization, various forms of precision grinding techniques and specialized equipment, precision molding techniques, production of raw materials to finished products, and production plus.
Industrial and process control has created a process and technology route with its own characteristics, leading to internationally advanced technology in the main products. The powder formulation is the key to the tri-ring group as distinct from other structures of ceramics, and many of the country ' s structures are in the form of ceramics.
With the tri-ring group’s deep understanding of ceramic powder materials, the rate of subsequent production is generally higher than that of their peers. In the case of traditional fibre-optic cores, companies have far better rates than their counterparts, and the Māori rate of their products is much higher than that of their peers.
The tri-ring group has full access to the formulation of the ceramic powder oxide, and the company has high-stabilized content and is equipped with an organic additive formulation for nano-oxidine powder injectors with good hydrotransformation properties, which has been validated for fibre-optic cores.
As one of the key options for the back of a cell phone, the tri-ring group has targeted the industry, rapidly expanding its capacity to take advantage of the market. In early 2016, the tri-ring group worked with Mi for the first time.
In May 2016, the tri-ring group produced about 100,000 ceramics per month, with less than 50% of its finished products. In the second half of 2016, the tri-ring group expanded its ceramic back-caps to hundreds of thousands per month, reaching a rate of 60% of its finished products.
In 2017, the tri-ring group is expected to significantly expand the production capacity of the oxidized porcelain powder and fur, which is expected to reach tens of millions per month in the second half of 2017, and 5 million per month in the powder and fur.
The rapid expansion of post-ceramic capacity is critical to the advancement of the post-ceramic industry, because mobile phone manufacturers only use ceramic after-ceramic solutions if they see sufficient capacity supply, without fear of loss of brands due to lack of goods.
Ceramic materials and plastic processing techniques accumulated in the year, with deep technical deposits in a variety of materials, especially porcelain powder. The company has significantly expanded the production capacity of porcelain after porcelain and porcelain, which is expected to produce several million pieces of porcelain per month by the end of 2017, regardless of technology, capacity and cost.
There are now several well-known mobile phone manufacturers working with the company, and it is expected that the ceramic back cap will show elastic performance in 2017, and that the harvest will be great. In addition, traditional masters, the fibre-optic cores, will have a steady price reduction, turning points, and an increase in concentration will benefit from the industrial dividend;
Pkg ceramic envelopes, fuel cell diaphragms are well under way and are expected to grow significantly in 2017: traditional backbones, matrices, and connectors will also grow steadily. Investment proposals: We look at the technical advantages of the tri-ring group on electronic ceramic powder, industry, industry, industry, industry, industry.
Barriers are high; company products are being replaced by faster imports, and market shares continue to rise. In addition, mobile phone terminals have been innovating in recent years, and market penetration rates such as the company ' s ceramic fingerprint identification caps and ceramic back caps have been rising; the main fibre-optic core business has been reduced from 50% of the market share through the initiative last year.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Stock Company Ltd. already has a securities investment advisory committee.