With robust performance in 2016, new product expansion is expected (including taxes), without red shares, and without capital pool transfers. Revenues increased steadily in 2016: while company traditional communications components were subject to industry markets in 2016
The effect of competitive pressure has been a decline of 14.6 per cent in sales income, but a significant increase of 189 per cent in semiconductor components, including ceramic envelopes and fingerprint recognition, as well as a significant increase of 44.4 per cent in revenue from fuel cell partition operations.
Overall income increased by 16.0%. After the previous period of productive activity enabled new product operations to continue to expand, it was the parent, the market and product structure of the Māori-responsible rate decreased slightly, and the cost rate remained stable: the company ' s gross interest rate for the whole year 2016 was 47.9%, the corresponding rate was 1.8 percentage points lower, and the distribution of the product showed that the communications components were on the income scale.
The decline in Māori rates has also been marked by a slight decline. While Māori rates have increased for products such as semiconductor components, electronics and other components, the restructuring of the product structure is one of the reasons for the decline in Māori rates. Corporate management and sales rates have decreased by 0.5 and 0.1 percentage points, respectively.
The financial cost rate has risen by 0.7 percentage points, the company has improved its management efficiency and the overall cost rate has remained largely stable, with sustained investment in business expansion.
Future development strategies and business plans: The company ' s long-term development strategy becomes one of the largest global electronic ceramics industry bases with a core competitive advantage, with specific implementation plans for 2017 including: 1) maintenance of the main market position for existing products, including communications, fuel cell diaphragms, ceramic tablets, wired enders, etc., and expansion
Three Rings Group: The year-round performance is robust, and the appearance brings a share of the ceramic envelope base; 2) Innovative new and additional products, including cellular ceramics, fingerprinting, other systems using functional ceramics, smartly wearing ceramics, etc., especially to upgrade and innovate ceramics.
Triple Group: Hand-in-hand material performance in co-construction of ceramic visual products, so that the material performance of corporate products becomes a benchmark for industry; 3) Innovation and application of a line, smart terminal applications open up new growth areas
(b) Three rings: a new product for steady growth in three quarters of the report's performance: a steady expansion in medium-term performance and output growth.
Three rings: medium-term performance forecast growth is robust and profitable; technological upgrading has led to a risk of substitution of existing company products. 19.6% above the increase, new products such as the company's fingerprint recognition function, ceramic chips, have been recognized by their clients and are supported by valid orders.
Traditional communications components continue to grow in demand driven by fibre-optic networks, while corporate economies of scale and improved management capacity have also contributed to increased profitability. (i) Net revenue growth in 2016 has remained robust.
In 2016, the net profit for shareholders in listed companies was 1.06 billion yuan, an increase of 21.2%, and a net profit of 0.61 yuan per share.
The profitability of products has remained generally stable and business efficiency has improved. The company ' s Māori rate has fallen by 1.8 percentage points from the same year to the year 2016, and the company ' s Māori rate remains robust enough for its products, and changes in product structure are a major factor in the decline in Māori rates.
Reduction of 0.5 and 0.1 percentage points, improvement in operating management efficiency and an increase in the financial cost rate of 0.7 percentage points; 107 working days of corporate receivables in 2016, which remained largely stable for three consecutive years. Inventory working days showed an upward trend to 43 days, while accounts payable working days showed a downward trend to 23 days, mainly due to company consumption of electronics
In the fourth quarter of 2016, the company achieved operating income of 750 million yuan, an increase of 17.3 per cent in the same year, a net gain attributable to shareholders in listed companies of 290 million yuan, an increase of 22.7 per cent in the same year, and the company ' s operating income and net profit in the fourth quarter grew slightly faster than the overall year.
At the same time, after a brief drop in growth in the third quarter, the company recovered its steady growth rate in the fourth quarter, with good results from the continued introduction of new products into the market, while the recommendations for capacity-building provided guarantees for the growth of the company.
Figure 10: Net profit and growth rates over the past 12 quarters Figure 12: Major cost rates over the last 12 quarters
Declines have occurred, but products, including ceramic envelopes, fingerprint recognition, ceramic chips, fuel cells, etc., have seen significant increases in sales earnings, steady progress in Māori rates, and have effectively filled the negative impact of communications components, given the expansion of capacity and increased market demand. In terms of market distribution, domestic market revenues have slowed, Māori rates have declined, while overseas market revenues have recovered significantly, and Māori rates have risen.
(i) Traditional telecommunications components competed in the manufacturing industry, and new products continued to expand rapidly. Corporate operations included communications components from traditional fibre-optic ceramic plugs, fuel cell ceramic partitions, ceramic envelopes, ceramic chips, ceramic matrixes, and component products, including connectors, mlcc, electrical barriers, etc.
The same-year decline of 14.6 per cent to $1.28 billion, or 44.3 per cent of total revenue, notwithstanding the decline in the company's traditional business as a result of competition in the industry, there has been a significant increase of 189 per cent in semiconductor components, including ceramic envelopes and fingerprint recognition, and a significant increase of 44.4 per cent in revenues from fuel cell partition operations.
Sustained growth, such as in compressed machine components, has contributed to the expansion of corporate business as a whole. With regard to product breakdowns, Māori content products have also experienced a small decline in Māori levels by 3.3 percentage points to 52.7% for new products, while Māori for corporate products has been raised by 3.3 percentage points for new products.
The Māori rate for semiconductor components, which has seen a significant increase in income, has risen by 1.6 percentage points to 45.1%, which is a positive increase, while the Māori rate for electronics and other ceramic components has also increased by 1.6 and 4.2 percentage points, respectively, to 42.4 and 42.6 per cent, and the scale effect of the product in the event of continued release of energy-building inputs, and
The expansion of market demand has led to a steady increase in the Māori rate. (ii) The increase in overseas markets has been higher than in the country, and Māori rates have recovered.
Domestic market revenues increased by 13.4 per cent over the year, a significant slowdown, mainly influenced by industry competition in the communications component market. The ocean’s Māori rate fell by 3.2 percentage points over the same year, with a slight decline in Māori in the context of increased competition in the communications component sector and a shift in product structure towards consumer electronics.
(iii) Future development strategies and business plans: Strategic corporate planning becomes one of the largest global electronic ceramics industry bases with a core competitive advantage. Traditional product strategy of 2017: major markets will be maintained for products such as communications components, fuel cell diaphragms, ceramic tablets, connectors, etc.
\triangleright status, expanding the market share of ceramic envelopes. New product strategy: innovation of more new products, including cellular ceramic appearances, fingerprint recognition systems with functional ceramic chips,
\triangleright can wear ceramic appearances, etc., especially to upgrade and innovate the material performance of ceramic appearances, making the material performance of the company's products a benchmark for the industry.
High-technology reserve: less than expected growth in market demand for consumer electronic ceramic components for innovation and application of a high-tech set of materials, including functional electronic materials, special application glass, sofc \triangleright; increased competition in product markets affecting corporate profitability; technological upgrading
Risk of substitution of existing company products.