Active service entities, with a strong transformation strategy: 27 March, Grand Bank published its annual report 2023. Cumulatively, $147.5 billion, or yoy-3.9 per cent, was collected in 23 years; net profit returns to mothers were $40.8 billion, or yay - 9.0 per cent; a negative rate of 1.25 per cent, with a provision coverage of 181 per cent.
Performance increases are high. 23 years of large banks, net return profits are equal to -3.9 per cent, -0.0 per cent respectively, and the gap between \triangleright and profit increases is mainly due to the quality control of the company’s seized assets, which has been increased in 23q4
Strength, 23q4 single-season asset impairment losses were +67.9 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and net interest income performance was weak and non-interest income slightly increased. 23 years of net interest income was equal to 5.4 per cent, while net interest differentials continued to narrow, with a net interest gap of 1.74 per cent at the end of 23 years and a decrease of 27bp, mainly from the end of 22 years.
Other non-interest income + 29.1% of the same year, mainly increased fair value of transactional financial assets under a low base. Credit lending supports entities, and the transformation strategy is actively advanced.
Focusing on the national economic focus area, 23 years of green, creative, manufacturing, inclusive micro-lending, each on the same scale as the other, is expected to drive down the three major aum, fpa and gmv poles, respectively, by anchoring corporate finance and gold city operations.
Capital strength has increased. A steady expansion in size has been accompanied by a high percentage of core-level capital transfers from large banks at the end of 23 years, and a more effective strategic transformation of wealth banks, or by savings in risk capital occupancy.
4. Big banks (601818.sh) Development Report: High Management and Investment Recommendations: A strong asset management feature, solid asset quality base 5. Big banks (601818.sh) Tri-quarter reporting point, 2022
Large banks are active in servicing the real economy, lending in priority areas is booming and asset size is expanding steadily; three major North Star indicators are growing well, leading to continued business restructuring, capital savings, high-quality deposit deposits, and promising performance elasticity; revenue collection, profit growth, despite short-term pressure, is tight on asset quality, related
\triangleright Figure 1: Growth in performance of large banks by year end 2023 (cumulative) Figure 2: Increase in net and median interest income of large banks by end 2023 (cumulative)
Figure 5: Total assets, total loans and total deposits of large banks up to the end of 2023 Figure 6: Risk-weighted capital up to the end of 2023 up to the end of the year by large banks up to the end of the year Figure 7: Capital indicators of large banks up to the end of 2023
Figure 8: Large banks as at the end of 2023, rates of concern, overdue rates Summary of data projections on corporate financial statements Investigation of methodological and analytical logic, independent and objective presentation of the present report and accountability for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects research by researchers
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.