United States Group (000333) United States Group: 2024q4 double-digit growth, accelerated overseas, high-scoring over-expected event: March 28, 2025, American Group released its annual report for 2024.
BG 2024 Profit Distribution Program, a Repurchase of Shares, a Draft Stockholding Scheme. End of income: Tob earned more than 100 billion dollars in 2024, Colmo+toshiba increased by two high-end brands.
+9.41 per cent), Colmo and Toshiba's two-end retail sales + 45 per cent, Colmo's share of offline high-end markets increased significantly, with some products exceeding 20 per cent; new energy and industrial technologies earned $33.610 billion (compared to 20.58 per cent), and the global market for domestic air conditioners and compressors ranked first globally, with zero operations.
Accumulated supply of 3 million units; smart construction technology revenue of $28,470 million (year-on-year + 9.86 per cent), with central air-conditioning cities accounting for the highest share in the country, with a market share of more than 15 per cent for centrifuges, construction of bases in Thailand, acquisition of Swiss arbonia climate sector operations and enhancement of global market competitiveness; robotics and automation
Gross equity/flow (billion shares) Domestic sales of industrial robots have risen steadily to 8.2%, with mobile robots earning more than 50% of their income abroad.
< < United States Group: double-digit performance at 2024q3 Rapid business growth and leading growth in South-East Asia and Central and East Africa markets. < < United States Group: fast-track performance at 2024q2
The full caliber later +0.75 pct) or product structure upgrades and digital drops. 2) Net benefit < < US Group: faster increase in performance, high speed of new energy and industrial technologies
End of use: sales/management/research and development/financial cost rates of 2024q4 decreased by 8.55/4.67/5.44/- respectively, and operational efficiency increased.
It is proposed to use 7,632 million shares as a base, at $35 per 10 shares (including taxes), with a total of 26,712 million in red.
Science and technology led the global breakthrough, and the intellectual re-establishment of the value chain. 1) Science and technology led: 2024, companies granted more than 11,000 new patents, additional participation in the development or revision of 230 technical standards, and a big one model, "The Good Word" , gave home-wide intelligent interaction. 2) Globalization layout: h shares successfully marketed to build "a+h"
Double-finance platform, with some 5,000 investment proposals for online and off-line distribution networks in multiple overseas markets: front line resilience is high, b engines are accelerating. At the industry level, domestic “old-for-new” policies deepen, overseas demand warm, and raw materials are priced steadily, and white taps are released for profit.
At the end of the company, America's c-end high-end and b-end globalization are driven by two wheels, and new energy, building technology, and so on are gradually entering the harvest period. We expect that the net profits of the company from the period 2025-2027 will be different: double-digit growth in the performance of 2024q4, accelerated overseas, with high scores exceeding expectations.
United States Group: Double-digit growth in 2024q4, accelerated overseas, high-point red over-expected Pacific Securities Co. Ltd., 926 Python Square, Beijing Road, Kunming City, Yunnan Province, 31st floor.
College, 9 North Avenue, Beijing, West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “I, Inc.” or “Pacific Securities”) is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy operations approved by the China Securities Supervisory Board.
In any case, the information in this report or the opinion expressed in it does not constitute an investment proposal for any institution or individual, and investors should make their own investment decisions.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, and may also raise claims for these companies.
I'm gonna need you to approve any machine.