Intelligent organisms (300122.sz)
The vaccine incident has passed and performance has increased significantly: the company ' s revenue and net interest rates increased in the first half of 2017, respectively, and, on the one hand, as a result of the Shandong vaccine incident, the company ' s performance declined significantly during the same period in 2016, the same period last year, when the company ' s performance recovered rapidly this year and exceeded its 2015 levels for the same period, largely in line with our expectations.
With the rapid recovery of the exclusive ac-hib triple vaccine, the agent Hpv vaccine was released as follows: the ac-hib triple vaccine was the exclusive product of the public administration, affected by the Shandong vaccine incident, its sales fell sharply last year, it has recovered rapidly this year, and the company issued 1.8294 million units in the first half of the year, an increase of 724.05 per cent over 2017.
The winning bid, calculated around the dollar, is expected to make a net profit of about $400 million a year. Agent Mercerton’s 4-priced hpv vaccine was approved in May this year, and some provinces have now completed their tenders, with the winning bid in Yunnan Province at $798/agent, and the company’s basic purchase plan with Mercerton is about $1.14 billion for the first year.
With about 1,483 million yuan in the second year and 1,853 million yuan in the third year, and given the current blue-sea market in the country and the strength of the public sector sales team, global vaccine masters are expected to continue their competitive advantage in China, and we expect a 4-priced Hpv vaccine to contribute to corporate performance starting this year and continue to be released next year.
One, under project 21 products related to the cerebral series of vaccines, pneumonia, hepatitis B, tuberculosis, etc., of which microcards for prevention have been completed, data are being compiled, and are expected to be blind this year. Meanwhile, the company’s 23-priced multi-sugar and hepatitis A vaccine, signed with Mercerton, is expected to be renewed.
Billions, $252 million and $190 million for extension services, respectively, $62 million, $66 million, and Ji Fei Bien: Recovering industry for warmer performance, looking forward to exclusive access, and leading the way in adapting to industry change: Following the Shandong vaccine incident, the State Council issued a new revised Epidemic.
Regulation on the management of seedling circulation and vaccination prevention, which states: “A vaccine-producing enterprise shall distribute type II vaccines directly to the county level for disease prevention and control, or commission them to enterprises with cold chain storage and transport conditions.” The company has always maintained a sales model of “principal marketing and proxy distribution” that allows it to take the lead in adapting to changes in industry.
An all-weather, most inclusive, deep-end marketing and service network covering 30 provinces, 327 municipalities, 2,248 districts and more than 25,400 vaccination sites has been set up initially, with a strong marketing capacity to guarantee the sale of corporate products.
Investment proposals: taking into account corporate sales of the ac-hib triple vaccine, and proxy Hpv vaccine market space, vaccine events have passed and performance has increased significantly
336.37 The company ' s performance has risen significantly, on the one hand, as a result of the Shandong vaccine incident, the company ' s performance during the same period in 2016 was significant at $108 million, and this year ' s performance has recovered rapidly and exceeded the level of the same period in 2015 and is largely in line with our expectations.
In terms of Māori rates, the company Māori rate has shown an upward trend compared to previous years, with Māori rates in the first half of 2017 The vaccine industry introduced a single vote, vaccine manufacturers sold vaccines to district CDCs, and prices increased, leading to an increase in Māori rates. In terms of net interest rates, the company ' s net interest rate in the first half of 2017 was 38.59 per cent, a significant increase from the same period last year, on the one hand due to company performance
The recovery, coupled with an increase in the Māori rate, was accompanied by a relative decline in the cost rate over the period as a result of the increase in the scale of vaccine sales. The second quarter of the year saw a near stagnation in company sales of Type 2 seedlings, with a gradual recovery of the market this year, a gradual expansion of the promotion and an increase in market promotion; administrative costs of $79.09 million, an increase of 17.60% over the same period; and financial costs of $6.39 million, an increase of 30.51% over the same period.
In terms of the cost of the period, the cost of the company’s sales, management and financial costs were 24.02%, respectively. The sole ac-hib triple vaccine was quickly restored, and the agent’s Hpv vaccine was released as a product of the company’s exclusive product, as a result of the Shandong vaccine incident, and sales fell significantly last year.
Rapid recovery, with the company issuing 1.8294 million batches in the first half of the year, an increase of 724.05% over the same year. We believe that 2017 will be the year of ac-hib release, and that sales of ac-hib throughout 2017 are expected to reach a breakthrough of 4 million, with a net profit of about $400 million in the year at a mid-price of about $220.
It was approved that a number of provinces have now completed their tenders, with a winning price of $798 per agent in Yunnan Province, a basic purchase plan agreed by the company and Mercerton for the first year estimated at 1.140 billion yuan, the second year approximately 1,483 million yuan and the third year approximately 1.853 billion yuan. Given the current market in the country in the Blue Sea and the power of the company sales team, global vaccine masters are expected to continue to compete in China.
We expect the 4-priced Hpv vaccine to be on the market soon, bringing greater elasticity to the company’s performance.
Vaccines of the type, hepatitis B, tuberculosis, etc., of which microcards for prevention have been clinically completed, data are being compiled, and it is expected that they will be blind for the current year. Meanwhile, the 23-priced multi-sugar and hepatitis A vaccine, signed by the company and Mercerton, is now expected to be 100 million yuan and 190 million yuan, corresponding to the cost of extension services of 62 million yuan, 66 million yuan, 74 million yuan and 75 million yuan, respectively.
Following the Shandong vaccine incident, the State Department issued a newly revised Regulation on Vaccine Circulation and Preventive Vaccination, stating that “vaccine production companies should distribute type II vaccines directly to county disease prevention and control agencies, or entrust those with cold chain storage and transportation conditions.
Business distribution.” Whereas the company had previously adhered to a sales model of “primarily self-marketed, brokered” and had taken the lead in adapting to industry changes, a network of marketing and services has been set up initially to provide industry leaders with a full-time, most extensive, deep-end marketing and services network covering 30 provinces, 327 municipalities, 2,248 districts, more than 25,400 vaccination sites, with strong marketing capacity to secure company products.
Taking into account the company ' s ac-hib sales volume and the larger market space for proxy Hpv vaccines, we predict that the company will not have developed as much as expected from 2017 to the end of the year, and that the Hpv roll-out will not have as much as expected.