The depths of the M.I.A. (300122) report that the powerful distribution network, with its multiple heavy-pound varieties, opens up a high-growth space, that the effects of the Shandong vaccine case are fading, that the vaccine industry is recovering strongly, and that the benefits are clear.
By the end of the first quarter of 2016, the Shandong vaccine case hit the domestic vaccine industry hard, and most businesses experienced a serious decline in their performance in 2016. In April of the same year, the State Department issued a new deal calling for tender procurement for type II seedlings through provincial public resource trading centres, and for a full-scale cold-chain transport to clear the industry.
From 2017q1, the industry began to recover, and market stocks were low, thereby accelerating the growth of the 201q2 industry. In our view, the vaccine industry gave priority to leading firms at the point of diversion, and Xian Fei Bian, the most market-rich and integrated company in the current market, was expected to take the lead.
The 3D and 4-priced Hpv vaccine were released, with an expected net profit of 1 billion by 2018. The company ac-hib 3G is a global exclusive product that not only allows newborns to be immunized with ac brain and type b influenza, but also reduces vaccinations, with more than 1.4 million of them sold in 2015.
The sales amounted to 230 million, and we expect close to 4 million annual sales in 2017, amounting to 868 million, making a net profit of nearly 400 million, and the sales of the Triple Soaps are expected to reach over 1 billion in 2018 and continue to grow at a high rate.
The year is expected to be close to $3.9 billion, making a net profit of nearly $600 million. Together with the upgrading of product clusters in several powerful distribution networks, the gradual introduction of heavy pounds of products to the market, and the start-up of Ji Fei Bian to represent other manufacturers of vaccines, a strong marketing team was formed.
By the end of 2016, the company had a sales team of more than 700 people, with a distribution network covering 30 provinces of the country, more than 24,000 grass-roots vaccination units, and a wide and deep area. And under such a strong marketing system, the company was able to upgrade the product base, from the previously competitive forms of brain vaccinations, hib vaccines, etc.
The product-based group has been upgraded to an exclusive group of products, dominated by triple seed, a four-priced hpv vaccine, and a number of competing patterns, such as the mercantile rabies, are well developed, with high-priced vaccine products on the market, guaranteeing the long-term growth of smart-flying organisms.
Broadly Evidence Helium-Video Report-Research and Development Innovations energized the industry, launched the 100 billion market for heavy-pound vaccines, 2017.0719 1.1 vaccine agent, the first private vaccine leader on the market.
Founded in 2002, Chongqing Ji Fei Bien started with the sale of proxy multi-manufacturing vaccines in the country, and then increased research and development investment. Ac was placed on the market in combination with vaccines, 4-priced brain vaccines, hib vaccines and ac-hib triple-bullets, expanding the size of self-research products, and gradually transforming into an agent + self-researched two-wheel-drive private vaccine leader. The company was listed on the Shenzhen Exchange in September 2010 as the country ' s first private vaccine.
Hmong companies, which have been in good partnership with proxy Mercado vaccine products for many years, will continue to represent their products, such as Hpv, 23-price pneumonia, Hepatitis A and Rota V vaccines. 1.2 Large shareholders have a stable shareholding status and a clear division of labour among affiliates.
Chairman Jiang In-sheng directly holds 54.13% of the company ' s shares, is the actual controller of the company, its co-operators, Jiang Ling Feng, Jiang Hee-sheng, who own 5.4% and 0.83% of the smart-flying organisms, respectively, and the Chiang family, who together hold 60.36% of the company ' s shares and have a stable holding position. There are six subsidiaries under the banner of the wise-flying creatures: Ji Fei-Eng and Ji Fei-yung, who are responsible for the production and sale of products such as ac-hib-modes, microca, hib vaccines, etc.
Sold; Qian Flying Airport as a platform for the introduction of imported vaccines; Qian Fing Hong Kong as an outreach window for overseas operations; Qian Bian Bian as a sales counter for proxy products, with a clear division of labour among affiliates. 1.3 The Shandong vaccine case has subsided, with a full recovery in performance and a high rate of growth
In the last few years, the income from the smart-flying organisms has fluctuated considerably, from 490 million in 2007 to 740 million in 2010 and between 620 million and 800 million in the five-year period up to 2015, mainly as a result of the company’s progressive substitution of its self-research products for proxy products and the influenza pandemic. As a result of the March 2016 Shandong vaccine case, the company’s net profit in 2016 was large.
With the overhaul of the New Deal, which introduced a series of new deals, such as the purchase of Type 2 seedlings through the provincial public resource trading platform, the vaccine industry began in 2017. The company’s operating income consists mainly of three major components, including self-research for Type 2 seedlings, self-research for therapeutic biological products, and proxy products. The company’s agent renewed the agency’s agreement with Mercadon, so that the three components of the company’s agent’s product account for only 0.66 per cent of the operating income.
In the first half of 2017, as a result of the overall revival of the vaccine industry, the company promoted ac-hib, a self-researched exclusive species, with a strong sales performance of about 1.7 million doses, with revenues of about 370 million doses, or more than 80% of the revenues. We expect that the share of corporate agent products will rise rapidly next year as the company’s agent, Mossadon’s four-priced Hpv vaccine, begins to be marketed and the next five-priced rotavirus will be on the market.
The Māori rate of Māori self-research products (including secondary seedlings and therapeutic biological products) was higher at over 90%, while the overall Māori rate of proxy products fluctuated around 35% over the last five years, and in 2016 it was higher at 73%, owing to the sale of a few agents of Zhejiang Pukang ' s frozen dry liver vaccine tails. And since the company ' s self-research products have been listed on the market for the last five years, the overall Māori ratio of proxy contracts has fluctuated around 35%.
According to the company’s announcement, Twisdom and Mercaton continue to represent their 23-priced pneumonia vaccine and hisilative hepatitis A vaccine, while, under its proxy contract with Mercadon in 2012, the company will be responsible for marketing the four-priced Hpv vaccine seedlings in Mercadon within China, and the Hpv vaccine stock market is large, is expected to be rapidly released, and the overall Māori ratio will decrease in 2018 when the share of proxy products rises.
The company ' s cost rate has risen faster in recent years, mainly as a result of higher R & D costs, which rose faster, from 11.13 per cent in 2012 to 17.66 per cent in 2015, and as a result of the severe decline in the harvest caused by the Shandong vaccine case in 16 years, the management cost has soared to the vaccine industry: the New Deal industry, where national immunization planning has expanded.
In March 2016, the Shandong Police detected an illegal vaccine case worth nearly $600 million in 2015, which was widely reported by the media.
These illicit vaccines were purchased illegally by Pan Redguard and her granddaughter, who did not have a license to operate medicines, and sold through hundreds of distribution lines to 24 provinces throughout the country, without complying with the requirements for cold-chain transportation. After the incident, public opinion was rapidly fermented, public panic and a sense of rejection of the vaccine, thereby causing a serious damage to the country’s vaccine industry. The key point in the vaccine case was two points, one of which was the lack of access to medicines.
In April 2016, the State Council issued a number of regulations amending the 2005 edition of the Regulations on the Distribution of Vaccines and the Prevention of Vaccination, with a view to strengthening the vaccine in its entirety.
The number of regulations that have been amended or added is 24 and can be divided into five main sections, including improvement of mechanisms for vaccine management, promotion of autonomous vaccine research and development and improvement of quality, enhancement of the management of the entire vaccine circulation process, regulation of vaccinations and implementation of safeguards.
In general, the New Deal for Vaccines requires centralized procurement through provincial public resource trading centres, and since the establishment and implementation of the centralized procurement programme took time and most provinces had no prior experience, the establishment of the provincial tender platform was largely completed in the fourth quarter of 2016 in most of the country ' s provinces and began to be implemented, thus having a significant impact on the normal sale of vaccines in 2016.
Reflecting specifically the changes in the end of the reporting lines of the publicly listed companies ' vaccine industry, analysis can be done by quarterly data, with the lowest of the 16th quarter, with recovery starting in the 4th quarter of 2016 and acceleration in the 17th quarter. Most companies operate normally in the first quarter, sales in the second quarter have declined sharply, and with the launch of the New Deal in the second quarter, provinces have started to bid for type 2 seedlings in provincial public resource trading centres and operations have begun to improve in the third quarter.
The impact has largely dissipated between the fourth quarter of 2016 and the first quarter of 2017. 2.2 National immunization plans may be expanded again to include planned products at a price.
In 1978, the National Plan for Immunization was first launched, with four vaccines, such as BCG, with a smaller capacity, and was adjusted in 1992 and 2007. The current National Plan for Immunization covers 16 different types of vaccines, including hepatitis B, BCG, hepatitis A, and cerebral vaccines.
Figure 10. National immunization plans include the status of vaccines. The type of vaccine is purchased by the government and is provided free of charge to citizens, thus having a public good, often with low pricing, and the current type of disease market is dominated by state corporations.
As a share of 14% of the market, foreign investment is less than 5%. Meanwhile, in 2011, China’s CDC found more than 99% coverage of five types of vaccine (polio, white and white, measles, and hepatitis B) for children between the ages of 1 and 2 in the country.
Figure 12. Vaccination rates for each of the five types of vaccine are close to 100%
The Centre’s survey found that the market share of private companies in the domestic vaccine market for Category II had reached nearly 50%, foreign firms accounted for 22%, and State companies for 28%. At the same time, because of the self-financing variety of type II vaccines, the price is higher, although the number of batches is only 20% left to right of the total issue, but it accounts for more than 70% of the industry’s income. In addition, vaccination coverage for Group II vaccines is generally low, and is currently the highest, for example, in the case of water pox reduction vaccines.
Over the years, the country has again proposed an expanded national immunization plan, which will be priced down in exchange for substantial government procurement. The Council of State issued the 13th Five-Year Health Plan in early 2017, and the Plan for the Further Enhancement of Vaccine Distribution and Preventive Vaccination Management.
This means that the country will again expand its national immunization plan in the next 10 years, and some type II vaccine varieties are expected to be included in the plan. It can be expected that, as the first seedlings are provided free of charge by the government to citizens, the rate of new entry vaccinations will increase rapidly to nearly 100%, and its sales are expected to double.
When prices can be included in a planned vaccine, in addition to considerations of necessity and effectiveness, the Government needs to consider whether the production of the vaccine can be adapted to the dramatic increase in its planned sales, and will also require vaccine companies to reduce the sale price of the species in exchange for several times the increase in sales. 2.3 More than a pound of products are on the market, and the vaccine industry is expected to expand rapidly.
Overall, the overall growth in the vaccine sector in the country is driven by four major factors: the number of inoculations, the rate of vaccinations, the number of products and the epidemic. In recent years, the pace of growth in the industry has slowed, in fact owing to a combination of four factors, namely, a drop in the birth rate of newborns, which has led to a slight drop in the number of new-born populations; and a lack of adjustment in the national immunization plan for the last decade, with a coverage rate of nearly 100% in the first category, which has not improved.
Vaccination rates have increased at a rate constrained by self-funding; third, there have been no new types of market space in recent years, and older products are nearing maturity; and fourth, there have been no major outbreaks of disease in recent years. The vaccine industry has developed mainly in the form of multiple seedlings and multi-priced seedlings, which can reduce the number of vaccinations and the number of vaccinations.
The cumulative risk of suffering and vaccine reactions; and the high cost of seedlings can help patients prevent more than one virus subtype and further reduce the risk of future pathologies. The new vaccine product has a longer life cycle than generic drugs, more than 10 years, and the domestic vaccine industry has started late, with very few new products listed in previous years. Starting in 2015, the smart-flying organisms ac-hib 3D, gsk2-priced hpv vaccine, Mercado 4-priced hpv disease.
Multi-pound vaccines such as Hmong, Conte Biology 4 are being marketed, followed by 23-priced pneumonia, 13-priced pneumonia, foot-and-foot disease, vaccines, nine-priced Hpv vaccine and rotavirus products, which are expected to continue inland for 3-5 years, and powerful new groups of products are expected to rapidly boost the domestic vaccine market.
3. Short-term logic: the three-spinned seedlings fly in parallel with the four-priced hpv, and Ji Fei is the largest vaccine agent in the country, selling vaccines for various manufacturers such as Lanzhou, Mercerton, Zhejiang Pukang, while increasing their research and development inputs, going up to the market from 2008 to 2014, three self-researchers: ac combination vaccine, acyw brain vaccine and hib vaccine.
As these varieties are older, with more domestic producers and more competitive patterns, they are not given a voice in product pricing, which makes it impossible for them to become heavy-pound varieties (i.e., more than 1 billion sales). In the short term, the company’s greatest highlight for two to three years is the global exclusive ac-hib vaccine and agent Mercerton.
The Ac-hib III vaccine was marketed at the end of 2014. Because it is a global exclusive species, companies have absolute pricing rights, and the provincial bid is now around $217/agent, higher than the current average type 2 seedlings in the country, and we estimate that the market for this variety is more than 2.6 billion, which is expected to be the company ' s first autonomous heavy-pound variety.
One of the best-selling vaccine products globally, Hpv vaccines (including gsk 2-priced Hpv, msd 4-priced and 9-priced Hpv vaccines) were sold at more than $2.2 billion in 2016, and we expect Hpv vaccines to peak at between 10 billion and 15 billion in the country, and intelligent flying organisms are expected to benefit significantly from the release of Hpv vaccines in the domestic market.
3.1 Global exclusive ac-hib vaccine: late but absent release of self-research varieties
The combination of vaccines has helped to reduce the number of vaccinations, while the price of vaccines has combined the different types of vaccine against the virus subtypes, thereby increasing the number of vaccine-preventive subtypes. In addition to the common three-munition and two-blue flu vaccine, the 100-per-triple vaccine against hepatitis A, the multiplicity vaccine is now on the market in the country.
In addition, the Ac-hib III vaccine for intelligent flying organisms, the Pepsi Flu 4 vaccine for the Conte organisms (Beijing Minhai) and the Sanofi Xeroxine 5 vaccine for Xeroxin. Overall, the multifiling competition pattern is better than the traditional vaccine and is priced higher, resulting in a higher net profit rate.
In general, traditional routine immunization procedures require 6 doses, 3 Hibs for the child ' s 2-to-5-month-old, 2 ac brain vaccinations for the 6-to-November-year-old, 1 ac brain transfer vaccine for the 12-71-year-old, which takes a long period of time and takes a large number of times. The ac-hib triple seedlings require only 3 doses for the newborn child in the 2-to-5-month-old age, which is reduced by half. This not only reduces the number of times that parents return to vaccination units, save time and save time.
Given that the ac-hib vaccine is a global original species of smart-flying organisms, and that companies have exclusive pricing rights, we measure the theoretical market space close to 3 billion dollars. It has now been won in several of the country’s provinces at a price of around 218 yuan/agents, assuming that we have 16 million newborns per year.
A 25% vaccination rate is calculated for the maturity period, and if 100% of the newborns complete basic immunization, the theoretical market space can reach 2.6 billion yuan. Indeed, a massive distribution network based on the wisdom of living organisms, with a quick release of the ac-hib vaccine on the market, is expected to reach more than 1 billion in 2018.
To achieve the rapid release of the triple seedlings, production was stepped up in 2015, when ac-hib was issued up to 4.89 million. However, due to the impact of the Shandong vaccine case, the poor sales of the three seedlings after the second quarter of 2016 by smart-flying organisms, with a total annual sales of more than 1 million seedlings, and sales of more than two billion seedlings, the release of the triple vaccine was delayed by one year.
More than 1.7 million sales, with sales exceeding 350 million. We expect sales of 3-spinners to reach 4 million in 2017, yielding about 870 million in size, and contributing more than 800 million gross. 3.2 Four-price Hpv vaccine, exclusive agent: domestic sales are expected to peak at more than 10 billion.
The world's first cervical cancer vaccine, the four-priced Hpv vaccine (gardasil), was marketed in 2006, the world's first vaccine capable of preventing cancer, with a global sales of over $1.4 billion in the second year. In 2007, the second-priced Hpv vaccine (cervarix) produced by gsk was marketed, but the sales were far less than the latter, as the preventable Hpv subtype was less than the Gardasil, but it was also at the Pound100 million level, peaking at £100 million.
In 2014, the most recent nine-priced Hpv vaccine was marketed as the most preventable sub-vacant vaccine in the current Hpv vaccine field. In 2016, the global sales of Hpv have exceeded $2.2 billion and are expected to benefit from China’s blank market expansion, and overall sales will continue to grow faster.
Figure 23. Global sales of Hpv vaccines (millions of United States dollars)* 3.2.1 4-priced Hpv vaccine is better than a 2-price Hpv vaccine, with sales consistently higher.
The Hpv18 was also detected in 17-20% of cervical cancer, and scientists have since established a causal relationship between the Hpv virus (human papilloma virus) and cervical cancer. By 1991, scientists had finally confirmed, through a large-scale epidemiological survey, that the Hpv virus was a cause of cervical cancer, which led to Hpv vaccine research.
There are more than 150 viral subtypes known to be Hpv, 30-40 of which can be transmitted through sexual activity to the genitals and the surrounding skin, but mostly without harm, with only a few high-risk sub-infections triggering cervical cancer. Hpv16 and Hpv18 are the most significant types of cancer known to be sub-infection, with more than 70% of cervical cancer cases associated with this.
In fact, most girls are infected with the Hpv virus in their lifetime, but the majority of them can remove the Hpv virus through their own immune system. Only about 2% of those who continue to be infected for more than five years will further develop the path of intrauterine cancer in the cervix, leading to cervical cancer, but it is often about 20 years since the first infection of the Hpv virus occurred.
Chart 26. hpv shows the relationship between continuing infection and progress in cervical cancer. According to the 2012 survey, cervical cancer is a global female population of 10 million, and rectal cancer (14.3 per 100,000). In China, the age-standardized incidence of cervical cancer also reached 75 per 100,000, the seventh highest.
There are currently three Hpv vaccines on the global market, with four-priced Hpv vaccine in Mercado, two-priced Hpv vaccine in gsk, and nine-price Hpv vaccine in Mercado, in order of listing. The main differences between the three vaccines are their preventable subtypes, the two-priced Hpv vaccine in gsk can prevent two high-risk subtypes, Hpv16 and 18, which are more than 70% related to cervical cancer, while the two subtypes are more than 70% related to the two types.
The four-priced Hpv vaccine in East is more prophylactic than the two-priced Hpv6 and 11 sub-types, which are closely related to the sharp wet quails and are also common among male patients, so that the four-priced vaccine can also be used for men. The nine-priced vaccine is based on the four-priced vaccine and increases the prevention of five sub-types of the Hpv31/33/45/52/58, covering almost 90% of the sub-types that can cause cervical cancer.
Figure 29. Comparison of the three hpv vaccines already on the market
There are currently no nine-priced Hpv on the market in the country, which has been approved for gsk two-priced Hpv vaccine and Mossadong four-priced Hpv vaccine, which were approved in 2016 and 2017, respectively. At the winning price, the bid for the two-priced Hpv vaccine was 580 yuan/agents in each of the provinces and eight of the winning provinces; by the end of the year, by the first quarter of 2018, there were more than 10 of the country's top-ranked provinces.
On the part of national producers, Hpv vaccines are currently being tested for Hpv vaccines at Chengdu, Watson Organisms (Shanghai Zeyun) and Paternity (Shanghai Wantai) and, more rapidly, the Hpv disease under the flag of the Watson Biological Organisms of Shanghai.
Hmong entered the iii clinical phase in September 2014 and June 2015, respectively, and did not reach the end of the clinical trial. Chengdu’s four-priced Hpv vaccine, which had just entered a clinical trial in September 2016, is still not completed. As a result, the domestic Hpv market is expected to remain under foreign occupation for the next 3-5 years, with a better competitive pattern.
3.2.2 hpv has a huge domestic stock market, and market education takes time for the Hpv vaccine to reach the age of 9-26, but age is not the determining factor. The Hpv virus is mainly transmitted through sexual intercourse, so the best time for the Hpv vaccine should be before the first sexual life. Most countries in Europe and America suggest that the Hpv vaccine should last between the ages of 9 and 14, the most important.
The reason for this is that the idea of sex is more open and early sexual life is more effective. China has a more conservative sexual attitude and a more cautious attitude towards premarital sex than Europe and America, and women over 20 years of age are expected to be more likely to be vaccinated against Hpv, taking into account factors such as their education.
The Hpv vaccine was approved in the country at the age of 20-45. Ten thousand people. The income level of urban and rural residents is higher, with urban residents having an income of $31194 in 2015, while the per capita disposable income of rural residents is only $11,422. The Hpv vaccine has a higher unit cost, with a two-priced Hpv vaccine and a four-price Hpv vaccine completing three basic immunizations.
The cost is $1740 and $2394, representing 5.6 per cent and 7.7 per cent of the disposable income of urban residents, and 15.2 per cent and 21.0 per cent of the income of rural residents, respectively. Thus, in terms of purchasing power, we believe that rural residents are less able to afford the cost of the Hpv vaccine, which should be predominantly for female residents of urban areas of appropriate age.
According to extra-sampling estimates, the population of females aged 10-24 is around 115 million, so that the number of females aged 10-24 years in the towns is 6,476 million.A number of academic surveys show that the population of the country has a low level of awareness of the Hpv vaccine, but has a high level of willingness to inoculate and whether they are actually vaccinated.
Between 2008 and 2016, 16 national surveys of the will to vaccinate Hpv, Hpv and Hpv showed a low level of awareness among the population, with an average of 27.24% and 16.91%, but despite a lack of knowledge of Hpv, the population showed a high level of willingness to inoculate, with an average of 64.32%.
Before then, the 100-degree index averaged between 500 and 1,000 a week, and it rose to between 1,500 and 3,000 in 2017, suggesting that people’s interest in Hpv vaccines is increasing. We expect that the introduction of the next Hpv vaccine will not be too difficult, but that it will take time.
Chart 33. Survey statistics on Hpv, Hpv and willingness to inoculate 2008-2016. Chart 34.hpv vaccine, cervical cancer vaccine, cervical cancer, 100-degree index of Hpv for nearly four years, subject to a variety of factors such as the level of awareness of the population, the level of payment and the willingness to inoculate, we believe that the penetration rate of the four-priced Hpv vaccine in the country is high.
It is expected to be between 7 and 10%, corresponding to a sales peak of between 10 and 15 billion dollars. According to our demographic structure, the number of women currently in our towns and cities of age 10 to 24 years is 6,476 million, with reference to payment levels and vaccination willingness. We believe that the four-priced Hpv vaccine is expected to reach a penetration rate of 7 to 10%, with sales peaking at $10.8 billion to 15.5 billion, based on the total cost of completing three doses of immunization, based on the total cost of $2394. At the same time, taking into account the market for the first three to five years.
3.3 Other products have remained stable, contributing between $50 million and $100 million in net profits. In addition to the 4-priced Hpv vaccine for the 3D and the proxy, 4-priced cerebral glucose vaccine, 4-priced cerebral vaccine, hib vaccine and micro-card self-research products are being sold, and the company has renewed the 23-priced pneumonia vaccine and the proxy agreement with Mossatón for the hepatitis vaccine.
Because of their old age, their maturity, or even the impact of a combination of seedlings, we expect that this part of the product will remain stable or more than a month old and will be used to prevent infections in a group of meningococcals and groups of meningococcals; the latter, mainly for people over 2 years of age, will prevent infections in a group of four serums, a group of c, y and w135. Both vaccines are produced by a relatively large number of domestic producers, with a generally competitive pattern and prices expected to remain stable.
The Hib vaccine is used to prevent haemophilus influenzae b infections among people aged February or more in March. There is a strong pattern of competition in the country, produced by six manufacturers, such as the wise-looking green bamboo, Lanzhou, Watson Organism and others, and the overall bulk issuance has declined, which should be affected mainly by the combined three-combined seedlings and the Contai bib-film.
The microcard is a two-way immuno-moderator developed by the Twilight Bios for tuberculosis therapy. It is a therapeutic biological product, not an epidemic. The product has been marketed from more than 20 million to more than 80 million, and it has declined, and we expect to remain at 50 million annual sales, with a Māori ratio of more than 90%.
In April 2017, the company renewed its 23-priced roll-out agreement with Mossatón for the distribution of pneumonia and miraculous hepatitis A vaccines by 2017.
In 2020, two vaccines were procured for Mossadon, 203 million, 254 million, 252 million, 190 million, and Twissman received annual fees for extension services of 62 million, 66 million, 74 million and 75 million.
4.1 The largest vaccine sales team in the country, with wide geographical coverage and strong marketing capacity, the smart-flying creature acting as an agent, with the largest sales team in the industry and the strongest sales capacity in the country. By the end of 2016, the company had 1306 employees, of whom 712 (which had expanded to over 1,200 by the first half of 2017), accounting for 54.52 per cent of the total number of employees.
Over the years, the distribution network, Ji Fei Bian, has built a full and deep network of primary health service providers to provide vaccine marketing services. The product line is gradually improved, and strong marketing + good product support is growing.
In the past, companies were somewhat constrained by lack of their own products, and were unable to influence the pattern of external competition. In a time of increasing competition for proxy products, smart-flying was actively involved in the development of products, which were listed on four-priced, hib, and so on, building up their own product ladders. And the listing of the ac-hib products was a new starting point for the development of the three products.
Somium is the company’s exclusive product, with no direct competition, and the sales volume of these two years also shows the power of the company’s good product + strong sales, with sales expected to exceed 800 million in three years on the market. In addition to the triple and four-price hpv, well-established R & D pipelines have been set up, with large varieties, followed up on this powerful distribution network, which will guarantee the company’s continued high growth in the future.
Under the agreement between the company and Mershaton, Chi Fei will purchase about 350 million yuan in the first year.
This was increased from year to year, to $1.16 billion in purchases in the sixth year, with 2 per cent of the previous year ' s sales as an annual marketing fee.Messardon ' s oral five-priced recombinant life-reduction virus vaccine was currently included in the priority review sequence in December 2016 and is expected to be approved in the course of the year, together with production cycles and issuance times, and sales contribution performance is expected to start in the second half of 2018.
Human Rotavirus (hrv) is one of the major pathogens causing non-bacterial diarrhoea in newborns, and it can lead to different degrees of water loss due to severe diarrhoea. Most newborns become infected with Rotavirus in 3-5 years of life, which can be avoided by vaccination against Rotavirus.
A total of four doses of oral 3ml per person per year, from six months of birth to three years of age, and an additional four doses by four to five years of age. Ranzhou has issued an average of 7.8 million live vaccines for oral rotational viruses over the past five years, estimated at a median price of 172 yuan, with annual sales estimated at around 1.3 billion yuan and 16 million newborns per year (one dose per year), with penetration rates of around 12 per cent and still relatively high.
Meshadong's oral five-priced recombinant life-detoxin vaccine is a second-generation rotavirus vaccine that can prevent the serotypes g1/2/3/4 and p1 by far more than the one-priced rotavirus vaccine in Lanzhou, which can only prevent a cluster of rotaviruses, while, in terms of the number of vaccinations, Mesha East's five-priced rotavirus vaccine only needs to be used three times, less than the product in the State of Lang. Therefore, we believe that Meshadong's five-priced rotavirus has to be used only one time.
After the vaccine is on the market, it is expected to gradually replace the Rotavirus vaccine in Lanzhou. Moshalton’s oral five-priced trophy virus detoxification vaccine is priced abroad at around $60/agent, and we expect that it will be sold in the country close to that level, assuming it is priced at $300/agent, and the corresponding sales should be around $2.3 billion, based on the current average vaccination population.
After many years of research and development investment and accumulation, smart-flying organisms have built up well-developed R & D systems, stocked in R & D pipelines of a variety of heavy weights that, although still at an early stage, are expected to be marketed gradually over the next three to five years, guaranteeing long-term company development.
Among them, we can see large-scale current vaccination needs such as 23-priced multi-sugar vaccine, 15-price combination vaccine, two-fold rabies vaccine, a 100-cent white plague vaccine, and a double-priced vaccine for the soybean dysentery of the Foy. The corresponding market space is estimated to be in 10 billion grades and is expected to be marketed in 2020-2023, with the hope that intelligent flying organisms will take a new step.
The public release of plans, the proposed contribution of $2.35 billion to the new joint vaccine industrialization project (phase one), the rabies vaccine (two times the size of the body cell) for the Ji Feilongcoma people and the research and development centre project for the Biology and Pharmacy Park (A region) project to deal with industrial bulk production after the products are marketed.
5. Profit projections and investment proposals 5. In terms of performance projections over the next three years, we have the following assumptions:
2. The four-priced Hpv vaccine was marketed at the beginning of next year for nearly 65 million women of the appropriate age, and the estimated Māori rate for the four-priced Hpv vaccine is also around 35 per cent, taking into account the market import period and conservative right calculations.
In the short term, the growth in the release of two major varieties (self-research product ac-hib vaccine, agent product 4-priced hpv vaccine) is very much to be expected; in the medium and long term, many heavy-pound products are expected to be marketed over the next three to five years, supporting the long-term growth of intelligent flying organisms and investing in intelligence (listed companies).
Policy risks; non-expected sales of hpv; and non-expected sales of triple seedlings.
Address: Guangzhou International Finance Centre, 4th Floor, 5 Juju River Road, Guangzhou City