The growth of smart security and storage chips has been high, and the market for special integrated circuits and power devices has spread smoothly.
The rate of decline in the net profits of the parent company’s shareholders slowed down. In the first half of 2018, the company was brought together by the rapid development of smart security chips and storage chip operations.
In the first half of 2018, the company’s smart security chip business continued its high growth rate of 2017, with its products growing faster than in 2017.
\triangleright sales and sales recorded a significant increase of $466 million in operating income, an increase of 37.36 per cent over the same period, and a Māori rate of 23.34 per cent, a decrease of 4.46 percentage points compared to the same period last year. During the reporting period, corporate telecommunications sim card chips successfully completed the replacement of old and new process products, and global market ownership increased steadily;
Yuan Haiwoo Research Assistant, with the technical advantage of the product, the power of the domestic mobile goods network market and the domestic dominance of the market, has become a significant performance growth point: corporate financial payments for product sales have achieved cross-cutting growth, in which, in the bank's ic card chip market, home-grown chips have become a complete substitute for imported chips, and companies have relied on product advantages and positive markets.
Wang Sayu’s research assistant has promoted a bank card project in all major countries, covering the vast majority of stock-based banking projects, and has taken the lead in the country’s secret bank card card market. The storage chip business has increased significantly as a percentage of the company’s overall revenue collection.
\triangleright and memory module series products continued to stabilize their delivery on servers, personal computers, roof boxes, television sets, etc., maintaining the leadership position of the national producer of dram storage, achieving operating income of $277 million during the reporting period, an increase of 84.48 per cent over the same period, with the share of corporate revenue rising from 18.78 per cent during the same period last year.
The development of products such as the company ' s ddr4 and lpddr4 products is progressing well, and the quality certification and optimization design is progressing steadily.
The large increase in revenue was accompanied by a low rate of 7.77 per cent for the storage chip. The steady increase in the harvest and the return of the smart security chip to the fast-track development track.
The market for special integrated circuits and powerware products went well. In the first half of 2018, the market for special integrated circuit products, such as microprocessors, programmable devices, and so forth, was well under way, with rapid growth in the number of large customers and contract volumes; in semiconductor power units, the company completed multiple excess mosfet, medium-low pressure mosfet, and the Sinda Stock Company.
The development and client certification of cindasecuitiesco.ltd provides a good basis for further expansion of new business in the future.
\triangleright Risk factors: macroeconomic development is slow; storage operations are not expanding as expected, exchange losses are increasing and the Māori rate is significantly reduced. \triangleright
Tianjin, Beijing University Institute for National Development Research,ba, used to be a powerful 500-year-old American company, Nokia, Finland, for mobile phone research and laboratory management. In 2015, he joined the Sinda securities industry for computer research. Yuan Hae-woo, Beijing University, Bachelor of Physics, Master of Condensed Physics.
This report has been prepared and published by the China Securities Commission. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sindha securities and provides support and reference in investment decisions for this category of customers, with strict agreement on rights and obligations. It is provided to specific customers only and not to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of securities or investment objects should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. At different times, or through the use of different assumptions and criteria, different perspectives and analytical methods have led to the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which special notice may not be given.