The storage chip is growing rapidly and the share of income is rising.
In the first half of 2018, the company achieved business income of $1.053 billion, an increase of 31.55 per cent in the same year, as a result of the increase in sales of integrated circuits, and a net profit of $120 million, a decrease of 3.03 per cent in the same year; a net profit of $103 million, an increase of 3.67 per cent in the same year, as a result of the incorporation of the company.
With the steady growth of circuit design operations and the change in the scope of the consolidated statements of the subsidiaries after the UVS replenishment, the company expects to realize a net return profit as a future performance flashpoint in January-September 2018, with a rising share of the storage chip.
The company’s main products include smart card security chips, special integrated circuits, memory chips and crystal components. The company’s memory chip earned $277 million in the first half of 2018.
_aaa_Purple Point Review (002049) becomes the second largest business. Since the memory chip has a lower Māori ratio than the rest of the company’s business, the storage chip has a slightly lower overall Māori ratio than the storage chip, but the overall Māori ratio has been temporarily reduced.
The memory chip will be the flashpoint for the company’s future performance. Currently, the company’s dram memory chip and memory module series of products have stabilized the delivery of goods on servers, personal computers, roof boxes, televisions, etc., and maintained the national product dram storage.
In addition, embedded eccdram storage products have achieved steady bulk supply in areas such as engineering, electricity, security, communications, and auto electronics with safety and high reliability requirements. New products such as ddr4 and lpddr4 are well developed and of good quality.
Certification and optimization are advancing steadily. As new products are put into sale, companies are profitable, smart safety chips continue to grow high, the layout network market continues to grow, and corporate smart security chips continued to grow at a high rate in the first half of the year.
During the reporting period, more advanced multi-manufacturing products were produced in volume and more competitive in combination. With strong industrial chains, the company achieved a breakthrough in the use of smart safety chips in the product network market, and with the advantage of integration.
In addition, companies are actively developing innovative cooperative ventures in areas such as safe biometrics, safety networks, etc., and are fully engaged in promoting high performance safety chips as new growth points for smart end chip operations.
The Purple Group, which is an indirect holding company, holds 36.77% of the company's total equity, directly or indirectly. The Purple Group has formed into integrated circuits, from “core” to “cloud”
At present, the Purple Group is China’s largest integrated circuit company, the world’s third largest cellular chip enterprise. Since 2016, Purple has been working in Wuhan, Nanjing, Chengdu to build storage chips and storage systems with a total investment of nearly $100 billion.
The factory, which opened a $100 billion grand layout of purple light in the chip manufacturing industry over a decade, is expected to benefit from the group's layout of the chip industry, including technology, finance, etc., as a listed company in the semiconductor industry under the corporate flag.
The chip nationalization process is less than expected; the storage chip is less developed than expected.