Qingdao Hale (600690) Deep Report, Laundry machines and air conditioners are increasing their efforts to bring steady growth to gea, strongly recommended (for the first time)
In 2017, the proportion of retail sales under the Hale roller washing machine rose from 18.5 per cent to 20.9 per cent, and the share of the market on the line rose from 15.5 per cent to 27.9 per cent, with competition increasing in the area of the breakdown of the washing machine since 2017. In addition, the cost of sales of company 2018q1 was 14.7 per cent.
There has been a marked decline from 17.7 per cent in 2017. Increased efforts in the area of rollers and wheels are expected to result in faster growth in washing machine operations, with 27.7 per cent and 53.0 per cent, respectively, in the area of rollers and break-downs in 2017, according to the Ovi Clouds data.
In 2017, Hal started to work in the roller, the waver, the increased roller, the type of product and the capacity to produce the wheeler. On the line, on the line, the average increase in prices under the line was less than beautiful, and the smaller swans increased their share of the market.
• The increased power of domestic air-conditioning channels, which will strengthen self-cleaning air-conditioning as one of the major drivers of consumption upgrading in the domestic air-conditioning market. The data show that in 2015, 2016, 2017, 1.7%, 4.5%, 11.6%, respectively, Heir is in the area of self-cleaning.
Hale's share of clean air-conditioning has been steady from over 70% in 2017. Heir's household air-conditioning network was raised from 19,000 to 26,000, and we expect that Hal's future capacity in North America will be sustained by three-and-a-half-line access to home space, with the help of gea.
In the first quarter of 2018, Gea achieved an increase of 5.9 per cent in income in the United States dollar, far beyond the 2.6 per cent market growth rate in the North American market, with a 1.5 percentage point increase in the overall market share of Gea, with 0.8 per cent, 0.5 per cent, 1.8 per cent, respectively, in electricity, dishwashers, refrigerators, and a sustained increase in Heir's solid technology and R & D capacity.
Gea brings new products that will bring companies steady growth in overseas income. Space, giving companies a “strongly recommended” rating.
Qingdao Hale (600690) depth report.
Qingdao Hale (600690) depth report Qingdao Hale (600690). According to Ovi cloud network data, retail sales in the area of rollers increased from 18.47 per cent in 2017 to 20.92 per cent on the line.
The city share rose from 15.47 per cent to 27.92 per cent. In 2012-2016, Heir’s market share in washing machines remained stable, the company was active in the third phase of washing machines (one drying, double-style, clean-up, etc.), and the country’s total share of wheels, rollers and rollers exceeded 80 per cent in the washing machine industry and was maintained for a long period of time. Since 2017, the company has stepped up its efforts in the rollers and the wheels to increase the production capacity and product categories of the rollers, rollers and washing machines.
Over the next three years, we expect that companies will continue to increase their roller and wave capacity. The company's sales cost of 2018q1 is 14.66%, which is still significantly higher than that of America, but is already 17.66% in 2017, compared to 17.66% in 2017.
In view of the fact that the company’s domestic channels have reached three or four-tier cities and rural areas, more than 8,000 county-level stores and more than 30,000 home town networks have been built throughout the country. In addition, the company has continued to strengthen its strategic cooperation with domestic power chains, such as the United States, Suning, Skycat, and Kyoto.
Future growth in corporate operating income will be greater than sales costs, and the company ' s net profit rate is expected to continue to rise. In November 1993, Qingdao Haile went to the market and mainly produced refrigerators, while other operations covered other household appliances such as washing machines, air conditioners, water heaters, electric fans: in August 2010, Heil held 100 per cent of Qingdao Heil Logistics Ltd. and Zhishon became Haile.
At the heart of the home power business system; in October 2011, the company acquired the white household power business of the three-ocean power plants under the flag of Matsuya, including the three-year washing machine, and the branding of aqua and related brands, which led to the implementation of the Haier+aqua brand in Japan by Qingdao Haile; in November 2012, Qingdao Haile acquired the New Zealand-Ceyland electric dragon, Fiji-Pike, and successfully entered overseas markets such as New Zealand and Australia; and in March 2016, the company spent $5.58 billion on the acquisition of ge.
The internationalization strategy has deepened with the successful introduction of domestic electricity into the United States market. Qingdao Haile has three brands in the country, based on traditional consumers, young people, high-income people, and three dimensions, while the company is gradually building a global branding battle for overseas brands, represented by Fiji, Japan, aqua, and the United States of America.
Various countries and regions. The current market for Heir refrigerators is 32.1 per cent in industry; the retail market for washing machines is 31.0 per cent in industry; the retail market for air conditioners is 10.1 per cent in industry; and the market for air conditioners is third in industry.
1. Increased efforts in the roller and wave areas are expected to result in faster growth in the laundry business. Since 2013, sales of small swans have continued to grow, and the swan market has gradually increased, even at the retail end, as compared to Haile, which has been at the forefront of the industry, but the market share of small swans has not increased significantly.
It's not the same as Heir. Small swan retail end markets are the same as Hal. Qingdao's depth reports that small swan retail end markets are the same as Hal.
In the area of washing machines, there are currently mainly rollers, dryers, wheels and single double cylinders of four major items, which, according to the Ovi cloud network, accounted for 27.7% and 53.0% of the total in 2017, respectively, and still constitute the bulk of the washing machine, which is still the dominant category of washing machines. The current trend in the industry is that roller replacements are industry trends and are the second stage of washing machines. In addition, the market for wheels and rollers is far less expensive than for drying.
One, a dryer, a double washing machine, etc., represents the third-stage product of the washing machine, and we believe that for a considerable period of time, Hal will continue to invest more resources earlier in the layout of high-priced areas, such as the drying-up unit (the third-stage washing machine), than in the lower-to-low-cost roller and the liner.
According to the Ovi Clouds data, Hal started to work in 2017 in low- and medium-priced areas such as rollers, wheels, and so on. The rollers, the product type of the wheel washing machine and the production capacity were increased. The average price increase on and below the line of the ocean rollers was lower than the average price increase for beautiful, small swans, and the company obtained it at a price exchange.
In Heir, the average price under the net roller line was $3723 in 2017, an increase of 8.16 per cent over 2016, which is lower than the price increase for the small swans and the beautiful roller. On the online retail side, the average price for the Heel roller was $2176, a decrease of 4.61 per cent compared to 2016, and the price was much lower than that of the small swan.
After the above adjustment, the proportion of retail sales under the Haile Roller Line rose from 18.47 per cent to 20.92 per cent in the area of rollers, with the market on the line increasing retail sales over the Haile Roller Line by 10.9 points, and figure 16 increasing retail sales over the line by 12.4 points.
At the same time, Heir ' s share of off-line retail sales increased from 25.94 per cent to 26.90 per cent in the Qingdao Hale area; the share of off-line retail sales increased from 23.61 per cent to 26.36 per cent in the Qingdao area.
Two hundred and twenty-two points of retail up on the Helpo line, and nine hundred and ninety-six points of retail up on the Helpo line.
With a 2.8-point increase in retail sales on the Helpo line, due to the layout of two medium- and low-priced areas, namely rollers and waves, while maintaining a roughly unchanged share of high-end areas, such as drying as one, we expect to reach 36.92 per cent, 39.42 per cent and 42.62 per cent in the next three years, respectively, for sales in Hel as a whole, and 1761,2031 and 23.7 million, respectively.
In 2016, thanks to the impact of the real estate industry's de-stocking, the air-conditioning industry began to warm up, and in 2017, the volume of sales and the rate of increase in the volume of external sales increased Qingdao Haile (60690).
The increase in sales in 22 air-conditioning industries is evident in the 2.1 company's increased penetration from clean air-conditioning, the complex structure of the traditional air-conditioning internal heat changers, which can breed bacteria and soak dust, and the daily difficulty of cleaning up, causing secondary indoor air during the blow.
Contamination, which is highly correlated with diseases such as asthma, nasal and pneumoconiosis during the summer, and the accumulation of substances such as air-conditioning dust, which can easily lead to a decrease in cooling, heat production and increased electricity consumption and noise. The use of clean air-conditioning in Qingdao Haile in 2015 effectively addressed this consumption pain.
In August 2015, following the launch of the first industrial air-conditioning platform in Heir, the air-conditioning brands of Gere, American, Heinz, Coroner, etc. joined the division.
In 2015, the share of household air conditioners retailed from clean air conditioners rose steadily, reaching 1.7%, 4.5%, and 11.6% in 2017, respectively, and is expected to accelerate penetration in the future.
Qingdao Hale (600690) depth report Chart 25 Heir sales revenue from the clean air conditioner has increased from year to year, and the trend is clear from the increase in the share of the clean air conditioner market.
Heir has been a pioneer in the area of clean-up, and for the past two years he has accumulated the influence and brand power of clean air-conditioning through such experiences as “Screen from 100 stations” and “Intelligent school rents”, and he has maintained a steady 70 per cent share of clean air-conditioning from 2015 to 2017, ranking first in retail and retail sales as the largest beneficiaries in the accelerated penetration of clean air-conditioning.
In the company ' s household air-conditioning internal sales revenue structure, the share of sales in the clean air-conditioning system grew rapidly, reaching 11%, 30%, 57% in 2015, 2016, 2017, and Heir ' s sales in the clean air-conditioning system rose by 28.5% and 154%, respectively, making it an important pull force for the rapid growth of the Heir air-conditioning system. As of January 2018, Heir ' s total sales in the clean air-conditioning sector had surpassed 10 million units.
On April 26, 2018, Qingdao Haile issued an announcement that it would invest 5 million units per year of clean air conditioning in Guangzhou and that it was planned that it would be operational by January 2020, when Heir would double its capacity to produce clean air conditioners and further intensify the strong growth in the sales of air conditioners at Qinghaire ' s own clean air conditioner competition 2.2
In 2017, the number of Heir household air-conditioning networks was raised from 19,000 to 26,000, and we expect Hal to continue to upgrade the air-conditioning network and Hal to take up the share of the domestic air-conditioning market on three or four lines.
With the rise of power suppliers and the blockage of household electricity chains in three or four-line cities, the collapse of the Qingdao Hale accelerated channel and the increase in self-building channels, new channels have emerged, and Qingdao Haile has built a combination of distribution, direct business, electricity, engineering, ka, etc.
At the same time, new channels such as experience shops, microshops, etc., have helped Hal to get two dimensions off the line, addressing the real needs of users, reaching out to community groups using informatization, reducing the cost of physical shop laying while relying on social groups to raise their own brands, while at the same time, Qingjia Hale's channels are more flat- levelled, mainly in three areas: opening more direct shops; and strengthening the layout of the line, on the one hand.
It has built its own network merchant city and, on the other hand, has worked to build a flagship shop for electric power dealers; it has formed a regional marketing company in a joint venture with traditional distributors to strengthen the management of distributors while maintaining a win-win model, avoiding problems such as the movement of goods under traditional distribution models, and strengthening control over pipeline terminals.
The flat- levelling of channels led to a shift in the sales model from pressurized to marketable products, while improving the efficiency of channels by increasing the company’s stock turnover and thereby improving the company’s efficiency and management capacity. At the same time, the flat-leveling of channels reduced the cost of marketing in the old middle, and the gradual increase in the share of online channels reduced the input into the related sales costs, but Hal invested more in the cost of selling through his own channels.
3. With the help of the Gea, the company’s product power continues to play a role in North America by warming the real estate market in the United States to boost domestic electricity demand.
In 2008, the real-estate market in the United States began to warm, new housing sales and new private homes that have started to be built are increasing each year, and the development and sale of housing will generate a huge demand for electricity in the United States. Engineering channels, which account for nearly 40% of the gea channel, will play an important role, thanks to the delayed impact of real estate on household electricity.
Qingdao Hale (600690) In-depth report 3.2 Hal has solid technology and R & D power, complementary to the Gea advantage, and its share in the United States market has been increasing since the 2016 Gea scale, where it achieved income of 458.
In the first quarter of 2018, Gea achieved an increase of 5.9 per cent in its income below the United States dollar, far faster than the 2.6 per cent market in the North American market, with a 1.5 percentage point increase in its overall market share. In terms of the share of products, the main product market share increased, with 0.8 per cent, 0.5 per cent, 1.8 per cent, respectively, in the case of electricity, dishwashers and refrigerators.
Gea's growing market share and income have benefited from Heir's solid technology and R & D capacity, with a global R & D resource configuration, building on the "10+n" open innovation system of the world's top 10 R & D centres, creating a worldwide network of resources and users to open up the global first-class resources for R & D and to guide industry products and technology development.
More than 25,000 patents, including more than 15,000 patents, covering 25 countries and territories, are the most patented electricity enterprises in China overseas. Gea has a large consumer population in the United States market, a large market, and both have complementary advantages and great potential for development.
4. Corporate profitability projection and valuation 4.1 Traditional business profitability projection Qingdao Haile (600690) in-depth report
4.2 The total profit forecast and valuation of the company as a whole The annual net profit compound increase attributable to the parent company was 26.3 per cent, and we gave the company a 20-fold valuation of the forecasted ps in 2018, with a reasonable valuation of $29.6.
ii. The decline in raw material prices is lower than expected, affecting the Maori rate. Qingdao Haile (600690) In-depth report Qingdao Haile (600690) In-depth report