Business lines are consolidated, the old drug factory is ready to go, and the higher base, the higher marketing costs of new items, and the higher settlement of Wang Jing’s fees during the same period last year led to a decline in performance in the three quarters of the year. The company achieved a revenue of $5062 million in the first three quarters of 2019, an increase of 67.57%, resulting in a net profit of $3.16 billion for the mother, a decrease of 8.13% and a deduction of non-net.
The profits were 2,746 million yuan, an increase of 25.86 per cent. The corresponding rates of growth were 11.21 per cent in the first quarter of the third quarter, 11.21 per cent in the net return and 11 per cent in the net deduction of non-net profits, respectively, and the performance base was higher; second, the company had several new items, such as Rimji, on the market in June, and increased promotion costs; and, third quarter, Wang Old Gil had higher marketing costs and higher sales costs.
Wang Jing still dominates the market, and brand lines and product groups are better positioned. Wang Jing is still dominant in the cold tea market, occupying more than 70% of the market at the end of the market, and companies will be more competitive in the future than in the cold tea market, which is currently the largest market for gifts, followed by the catering market; and at brand marketing level.
At the product level, companies diversify their core monolithic content on the cold tea product line, not because of consumer preferences for new products, such as saliva, coconut juice, jasmine tea, etc. for the next three years.
In the third quarter, it is expected to continue to drive more than 25% of the growth of the plate.
With the expansion of electricity channels, there is still much room for the future growth of Gingo. The company’s 50-mg code is better suited to the human body of the continent than the original Pfizer, and the company also has 25-mg and 100mg documents, which are the most marketable, taking into account that the price of Gingo is clearly superior to that of the former, that it has a much greater capacity to expand the channel, and that it is expected to grow at a rate of between 10 and 20% over the next three years.
On the other hand, the company’s management plans to scale up future M&As and enhance the introduction of innovative medicines. Large commerce: in tandem with logic, Guangzhou Pharmaceuticals is moving ahead with successful market separation.
The company’s large business block will take advantage of distribution networks and logistics to create better synergies with the Nan Pharmacy. The company plans to market the Guangzhou pharmaceutical company, which is now well advanced, and will optimize the company’s business structure if it is successfully listed. Further, the rating system’s “market index” refers to 300 indexes.
I have the qualification or considerable professional competence of consulting on securities investment granted by the Chinese Securities Association to produce this report in a diligent and professional manner, independently and objectively and to the extent that I know it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of the relevant business departments of the company, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc.