Gore shares, smart hardware-driven growth, q1 performance surges, company reports in the first quarter of 2021 and semi-annual performance forecasts in 2021: 2021q1 harvests.
vr has a strong demand for products and a high growth in q1 performance. 2021q1 achieved revenues of $14.428 billion, an increase of 116.68 per cent in the same year; net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies were $966 million, an increase of 228.41 per cent in the same year, while higher revenues and net profits were mainly attributable to the income of smart knapsack vr products
High growth. The company’s market rate for high- and medium-end products is about 80%, mainstream producers are working with the company to develop production cooperation, affected by the epidemic, and the vr industry has experienced a new recovery in 20 years.
Long. The combined Māori rate of 1q21 is 14.56%, a decline of 3.67 percentage points in the same year, and a rise of 1.00 percentage points in the ring. Māori has fallen in the same year, mainly due to an increase in the share of the full-time income, but the respective levels of Māori for spare parts and whole-time products are increasing.
The value of goods was 9,431 million yuan, an increase of 2,079 million yuan in the same year, an increase of 260 million yuan in the ring. The main reasons for this were the increase in revenues from the sale of corporate virtual reality products, smart wireless headphones and improved profitability, as well as changes in the fair value of equity investments held by companies.
The company plans to split the company Golway to the start-up board. The company plans to split the company Golway to the start-up board, and after the break-up is complete, the company maintains control over Golway.
Microelectronics, semiconductor operating platforms, mainly focused on mems microphones, mems sensors, emblem module operations, products mainly for smartphones, smart wireless headphones, motor power, etc. In 2020, the Gore logo was awarded $319.4 million, net profit of $394 million.
Gore shares: vr and other smart hardware contribute to the growth of new energy, Gore shares: performance continues to outperform expectations, growth power is strong, Gore shares: q3 performance guidelines are over-expected, growth is strong
There is less demand for smart hardware than expected and increased competition in the industry.