Gore shares (002241), q1 was on the upper limit of the forecast, arvr opened up the growth space, and on April 21st, the company issued a 2021st quarterly report, and 21q1 generated 14 billion yuan, resulting in a net return of 970 million yuan to the mother.
q1 performance is on the upper limit of the forecast, with a sustained increase of $14 billion in the first half of the year, an increase of 117 per cent, a net gain of $970 million for the mother, an increase of 228 per cent, a positive ceiling of $600 million for the non-mortality net gain, an increase of 101 per cent, q1 not held primarily by the company kopin
The profit and loss on the fair value of the equity investment in corporate equity has increased. The split income shows a fine zero component of $3.2 billion, an increase of 39 per cent, a smart acoustic machine of $6.1 billion, an increase of 127 per cent, and a smart hardware of $4.5 billion, an increase of 268 per cent.
The unit, compared to the depth of 300, has opened the innovation cycle 5g+ai, arvr opens the future growth space of the company 5g+ai, oculusquest2 has continued to be sold since its release last October, arvr performance
Robust. With the roll-out of new products from Pico, Sony, and other manufacturers, vr, and the deep layout of apples in the arvr field, the company, as a global arvr assembly leader, has a vertical supply capacity for key components such as optical, sensor, bluetooth modules, and the huge potential for arvr markets.
Power will open up the future growth space of the company. Airpods are growing steadily, playing machine operations are contributing more \triangleright
In the short term, affected by de-stocking and fluctuations in airpods orders, it is expected that wireless headphone operations will continue to grow steadily in the future, benefiting from the release of new products and rising corporate shares. With regard to games, we expect companies to have a higher degree of certainty in ps assembly operations, to add up their game parts products and to contribute more to the company’s future development.
We believe that the “recommended” rating is underestimated. The trade friction between China and the United States has escalated, downstream customers have delivered less than expected, and arvr needs less than expected.
Three seasons of Gore shares (002441): q3 less than expected, benefiting tws.
Summary of company financial statement data projections, Wang Fang, Chief of the Electronics Industry, formerly employed in the Eastern Securities Company Ltd. and the First Market Private Equity Investment Company Ltd., obtained a Bachelor of Science from the Chinese University of Science and Technology and a Master of Science from the Shanghai Institute of Advanced Financial Sciences from the Shanghai Transport University.
The authors, who possess the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment advisory profession granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensure that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels, and that the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the authors, seeking, through reasonable judgement and conclusion, objectivity and impartiality, without any third party's approval or influence.