Gore shares (002241), high growth in electronic q1 performance, and vr sticktws continued to drive the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
• Summary of performance: the company disclosed its performance in the first quarter of 2021, with revenue of $14 billion from 2021q1, net profit of $970 million from the mother and net profit of $600 million from the non-mother; at the same time, the company disclosed that the semi-annual report of 2021q1 showed impressive growth in performance and a steady increase in q2. The company realized revenue of $14 billion from 21q1 and net profit from the mother.
With a profit of 970 million yuan, an increase of 228 per cent from the previous forecast, the net profit from the non-mortality of 600 million yuan, an increase of 101 per cent from the previous forecast, the median increase in the forecast of q2 seasons of 710 million yuan, sustained high growth. q1 non-plus. In terms of the split of income, the exact zero component was 3.2 billion, an increase of 40 per cent from the previous period, and the smart acoustic machine was $6.1 billion.
This is an increase of 127% over the same year; intelligent hardware is 4.5 billion, an increase of 268% over the same year, mainly because the company vr batts tws fast-tracked growth in corporate profits.
Since its launch last October, two products have contributed to a steady increase in sales through software-subsidized hardware, and facebook has continued to contribute to the ecological development of the vr content software end, as well as to the rapid follow-up of other industry players, such as new products such as Sony and domestic factory pico.
With an integrated vertical supply capacity for key components such as optical, sensor, and bluetooth modules, industry’s prospects for discovery will further open up the growth space of companies. One-quarter R & D costs are $70 million, compared to 108.5%, and R & D inputs continue to grow rapidly, making them company-owned.
The period ' s competitive development provides a source of dynamism, with the 21q1 Māori rate of 14.6 per cent in terms of other cost items, ring-to-ring increases of 1.0 pp, a decline of 3.7 pp from the previous year, mainly related to a higher proportion of assembly-type operations, expected to be accompanied by the continued roll-out of new items of smart hardware (vr, etc.), and a sustained increase in volume-based Māori production.
Gore shares (002241): q3 overdirected ceilings, Gore shares (002241); q3 overexpected, consumer electronic-led growth (2020-08-24)
Assumption 1: Smart audio setup: mainly tws headphones (including apples and Andres) and soundbox operations. The benefits tws have increased penetration and the layout of apple multipriced products, which are expected to continue to drive rapid growth in sales of tws.
Assumption 2: Precision Zero Component: Mainly comprising loudspeaker modules and mems microphone operations, expected 2021-2023, Scenario 3: Smart Hardware operations: Mainly consisting of vr/ar, game machine accessories and smart watch/handkerchiefs. Rapid development of benefit 5g, vr/ar smart wear equipment and games accessories, large sale of oculusquest2 under the facook flag.
At the same time, fb accelerates the improvement of the vr eco-building, driving the rapid growth of the vr industry, and it is expected that the 2021-2023 purchase orders will remain at the level of the assumption that other operations will remain stable, and on the basis of the above assumptions, we project the cost of the company ' s sub-operational income for 2021-2023 as follows:
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.