Event: On April 21, 2021, Gore shares published a quarterly 2021 report, and the company collected Gore shares (002241).
Quarterly reports show good performance, and vr fuel has been injected into the engine. Company 1q21 has achieved a revenue of $14.3 billion, an increase of 116.7 per cent compared to the same year, a net profit of $970 million attributable to the mother, an increase of 228.4 per cent compared to the previous year, and a high rate of increase due to the non-mortality net profit. Our specific analysis of the operations is as follows:
Accurate unit zero-q21 collects $3.200 billion, a 40 per cent increase. We believe that the company’s sophisticated zero-pack business is more relevant to the amount of smartphones delivered. According to Advisory Body sa, $340 million in global smartphones in the first quarter of the year, a 24 per cent increase in the same year, Gore has earned a schedule that is higher than the speed of the mobile market.
Now, the company’s competitive advantage is shown. In the future, with the company’s continued power in motors, wireless chargers, sophisticated zero-component plates will continue to grow robustly.
Urva will focus further on its business areas, and its development and innovation will accelerate further, its ability to invest in finance and its market competitiveness will further enhance the company's overall profitability in the future.
The smart sound machine collected $6.10 billion in 1q21, an increase of 127%. Gore’s share on a client tws headphones is increasing, product structure is upgrading and 2h21 new items are moving faster, so the tws headphone business is still expected to make a sustained positive contribution to the company.
The smart hardware business of 1q21 received $4.51 billion, a significant increase of 269%. We keep emphasizing that we have been in a hot state of sales, Christmas, since the release of a new product from a major client, vr, last third quarter.
The scheduled arrival of goods during the period, which lasted one month, is still limited to the purchase of three copies of the previous Gore shares, although the arrival date is now normal, and the client's input is increasing, with approximately 1,000 employees in 2017.
At present, there are more than 10,000 employees, the importance of which can be seen. 2020.06.30 - Report of the advance report, we also note that vr ecology is gradually being established, for example, when oculus will be hosting vr in the near future.
2020.07.14 - In-depth report. Gamehowcase.
Chang is a long-term driver of growth in game products, using the Nintendo swtich game machine as an example (as from the 2020.10.23 to the 3-quarterly edition of the Quest2 periodical, which has been at a price of $299), in "The Gym Ring Adventure " , " Animal Friends Club " .
Driven by a “circle” game, such as the fast-track performance rating of 2021.0131-2020, sales increased significantly in 2020 by 47 to 28 million on a year-on-year basis, with a cumulative sales volume of over 80 million, creating new sales records. As facebook continues to grow.
Sinda Securities Inc. promotes content development in vr and attracts renowned studios to the development of vr games, such as Half-cindasecuritiesco., ltd
Life: Alyx-like vr campaigns are expected to emerge, making a high hardware base based on high quality content, thereby attracting more developers to the site, creating an ecological cycle of growth in vr. R & D maintains high input to ensure long-term competitiveness. 1q21 for the company’s financial indicators.
The Māori rate was 14.6 per cent, a 3.7 percentage point decline over the same period, but the ring ratio rose by 1.0 percentage points, largely excluding net non-mortality interest rate of 4.3 per cent, which is almost the same as the previous year. Gore 1q21 continued to have a high investment in virtual reality and acoustics, optical, etc., and R & D costs increased by $70 million in a single quarter, a year-on-year increase.
108.5% to develop a long-term reserve power for companies. Sounding, light, electricity plus precision manufacturing, aid companies capture the future of innovation. Companies build up industry-led precision manufacturing capabilities in the areas of acoustics, opticals, mems microelectronics, etc., and have innovative competitions.
Through cross-cutting integration technologies, vertical integration of acoustics, optical, microelectronics, structural components, etc.
Profit forecasting and investment rating: based on a long-term view of the vr track, we're up for part of the profit forecast, with a clear strategy, and it's good to see that the company is able to keep up with the innovation and build a one-stop approach to the "part parts plus finished"
Precision manufacturing platform-type enterprises maintain a “buy-in” rating for companies.
Figure 3: Quarterly revenue and operating cash flows from Gore shares
Figure 6: Quarterly net profit and operating net cash flows from Gore shares
-- inventory (millions) swing days (sky, right axis)
The chain of industries for the conductor and consumer electronics, and also the founder of coffee 1c, a well-known semiconductor business incubator in the country, assisted a number of semiconductor companies in the third place in the new wealth electronics industry; 2/3 in the crystal ball industry in 18/19; and 3/2 in the electronics industry in the Golden Bull Award in 18/19.
Liu Chilai, Master of Finance of the Shanghai Academy of Social Sciences, joined the Sunda Securities Institute in 2020 for research in the electronics sector. Aututao, a Master of Arts from the University of Gangan, joined the Sunda Securities Institute in 2020 for research in the electronics sector.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.