Investment drives performance growth and provides a solid foundation for large wealth management Events: Huatai Securities published a quarterly report in 2021, generating operating income of $8,788 million, increasing the edge of the Bank's operations and increasing the size of the equity debt.
\triangleright Mailbox: an investment advantage for the long-term convergence of the new economy in the context of an upgrade of the Wangfangzhao@cinda industry, direct financing as a percentage of the increase
The company’s ipo project is well-stocked, with 32 ipo projects awaiting consideration as of 29 April, and the industry ranks third, with high expectations of innovation in 2021. The transformation of wealth management has deepened, and the capacity of integrated financial services has improved.
Net revenue for business is 1.786 billion yuan, +17.89 per cent. In capital intermediation, the firm's credit-line lending platform, the “mortage bond” has been well online, leading to a further upgrading of the digital business model, a significant increase in credit efficiency, and a net interest income of 9.45 dollars for 1q21, an increase of 111.88 per cent for the same year.
At the end of the division, $112,308 million was released, compared to +58.95 per cent, with a further increase in the market share; in the case of stock pledges, companies bought $23,452 million in re-selling financial assets, a powerful tool for client servicing, and for increasing customer stickyness.
2020-H1 rating of "Investment gains, Merit and Wealth" monthly activity has always been at the top of the list of securities companies, with a flow advantage of corporate financial performance, and a consolidation of financial and investment advantages.
With the growing wealth of product systems, the Division’s consolidated financial services will grow in strength, and its customers will be expected to become more sticky with average household aum. Investment to smooth off market fluctuations will yield significant returns.
One of the companies that invests, uses derivatives for quantitative hedges, smooths market fluctuations against investment returns, and since then derivatives have made rapid breakthroughs, adding off-site derivatives to the 17-month-long ranking of Sinda Securities Inc.
First, the company’s investment returns are expected to increase further.
In view of the pre-eminence of the transition, the wealth management city is expected to expand further; it's going into business.
It has always been one of the firm's advantages, and in the context of the trend towards reform of the registration system, the company will benefit from a moderate further upturn in the investment pool; the company's investment operations will continue to be de-directed, derivatives will develop rapidly and the return on investment is expected to increase further, and roe will increase significantly, suggesting attention.
\triangleright Expected; Unexpected self-performance due to high volatility in capital markets; Unsatisfactory distribution of the company ' s shareholdings by Wang Qing Dynasty, Master ' s degree, Graduated from International Finance, Business, University of Duren, United Kingdom, as Deputy General Manager, Naval Capital Leasing Department, Songhai Leasing Business
The Ministry ' s General Manager, who was employed in the Sino-Kinjia Portfolio, China-Changan Portfolio, joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in November 2019, with a Master ' s degree in non-banking finance, graduated from the University of Glasgow, United Kingdom, and worked in Taiwan ' s Fu State Securities and Silver Securities, and joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in April 2020 for research in the non-banking financial sector.
Wang Jing, a graduate in finance from Boston University in the United States, joined the Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre in November 2019, and has not been, or will not be, involved in the non-banking financial sector, nor will it be directly or indirectly related to the specific analytical opinions or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindam Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consulting, which the CVC has approved.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.