:: Investment rating: Purchase (maintenance) . . Focus on pcb nearly 40 vehicles, original 3-in-one strategy, full coverage of the layout of the industry chain
Founded in 1984, the company has been working on the development, production and marketing of medium- and high-end pcb and its related products, with the goal of “integrators of world-class electronic circuit technologies and solutions.” To achieve the ambitious vision of the solutions integrator, the company has been actively expanding its business model.
The company has the combined capacity to provide “species of small and medium-sized bulk” with full prices for programme design, manufacturing, electronic assembly, microassembly and testing.
Value chain services, which provide clients with a professional and efficient one-stop solution. Corporate prices compared to the 300-point trend in the gold track, and data centres, cars, pcb, continued to rise.
1 Data Centre pcb: In terms of volume, data flows have continued to increase in the post-epidemiological era, and the inner-air cloud computing giants have maintained a combined 15-20 per cent increase in capital spending over the past five years, which provides a solid basis for the growth in the demand of the centre at pcb; intel is projected in terms of value
The new generation of cpu, launched in q1 in 2022, will also implement the pcie 5.0 bus standard. We predict that the pcb value of individual servers will increase by more than 100% in the process of upgrading from pcie 4.0 to 5.0.
One area in which significant contributions to corporate revenue have been made is the overall market space for companies to enter into one or two cars pcb. In the context of the rising penetration of new energy vehicles and the continuous upgrading of adas, the rest of the vehicle pcb is rising. According to Prismark statistics and projections, the year 2020 is full.
The pcb market is $6.132 billion and will grow at a compound rate of 9% between 2020 and 2024, reaching $8,736 million in 2024 for the global car pcb market. Companies produce high frequency, hdi, scratch, thick copper, etc. with new energy sources and adas as their main focus.
In 2021, the company ' s clients developed a significant upswing, completing the certification and import of multiple strategic priority clients, while building an energy-based auto electronics factory (Southerton III project), which was launched in the fourth quarter of 2021. The company ' s car pcb ratio, although small, was growing rapidly;
With the emergence of end-use applications, such as car connections, cars can also become new mobile terminals, and the company’s technological advantages in the area of communications can be extended further.
According to Prismark, the current rate for the capital city is only 4 per cent, with a combined increase of 9.7 per cent in the value of the global enveloped base plate for the period 2020-2024, owing to the extremely high barriers to entry, such as technology, finance and customers, and the fact that the industry is dominated by large international companies.
Deep South circuits: The annual report meets expectations and strengthens the steam to be the "dumb on the pcb crown." The top three current global suppliers are now happy with electronics, ibden servers encapsulating the base plate layout 2021-03-
With a combined share of about 36%, and a late start in the 10-carriage industry, the need for upswings and supply constraints is providing a good opportunity for them to rise.
At the international exhibition of circuit boards in Taiwan, China, the sub-branch said that the bt board reached 3. Deep south circuits in 2024: telecommunications pcb maintained growth,c balanced, abf high-end board supply was tight until 2026.
The long-term logic of global supply is a very high-quality track in the pcb field. The company, which operates the enveloped base plate in 2009, now has mass production capacity for modules, fc-csp and storage panels, more advanced technical capacity and quality for fine line products.
In addition, the company has a relatively large pool of talent and a relatively strong upstream raw material price and lower demand for downstream materials than expected. 1 Company profile: a platform-type pcb tap with a broad layout
1.1 Business description: The scope of operations covers pcb, the enveloped base plate and the electronic fittings. Deep South is the leading company in the Chinese printed circuit board (pob) industry. The company was established in 1984 as a lead producer of the printed circuit board and a pioneer in the domestic sealing of the board. The company’s main business is medium-high-end printing.
Research, production, and marketing of circuit boards, the main products of which are the printing of circuit boards, envelopes, and electronic bindings. Corporate products are based on the communications market, while the high-speed growth markets, such as data centres (including servers), auto electronics and medical electronics, are actively deployed.
A three-stop strategy to integrate the industrial chain. The company is committed to building “world-class electronic circuit technology.”
Integrator of technology and solutions, its unique 3-in-one strategic layout strongly combines pcb, enveloped panels and electronic packaging links, successfully covering levels 1 to 3, with full industrial synergies.
1.2 Equity structure: As of 30 September 2021, China International Holdings Ltd. held 67.05 per cent of the company ' s shares, the nature of the ownership and actual control of the company.
Hong Kong has a limited central settlement of 2.82% of the shares, with no more than 1% of the shareholders except for both, and a stable corporate equity structure is conducive to successful corporate decision-making.
1.3 Business data: thick and thin, with higher and better earnings and higher net returns. From 2015 to 2020, company operating income continued to rise, and cagr recorded a decline in profit growth in the first three quarters of 2021, mainly due to the company ' s average income from printing circuit boards.
Ministry data show that the number of new 5g base stations has increased significantly in the second half of 2021, and company pcb operations are expected to recover.
According to the sub-business, pcb is the main pillar of the company’s revenue collection. The company’s business consists mainly of pcb, enveloped base plate, and electronic assembly. From 2017 to 2020, the company’s business income accounted for the company’s operating income.
Figure 7. Main business receipts and speed of growth (in millions of dollars, per cent)
The Māori rate of IEC operations was stable, but the Māori rate of IEC operations fell slightly in 2020, owing to the complex supply chain of the exx industry in which IUPAC operates, and to the fact that the demand for customers and the pace of international trade are more affected by the epidemic. As the epidemic improves, IEC operations expand in the areas of communications, medical care, automobile electronics, etc.
The level of Māori in business is expected to recover. In comparison with comparable companies in the same industry, the level of Māori in the company is roughly the same as the average in the industry, and there is no significant difference.
Figure 10: Māori ratio of companies comparable to industry (in %) Research and development (R & D) investment is increasing year by year, with a large number of patents. The company's pcb industry is typical of intellectual and capital-intensive industries, with very high demand for R & D capacity. From 2018 to 2021, it invests in R & D.
The company has been authorized to patent 601 items, 372 inventions, 59 international pct patents, 2 main operations: pcb based, enveloped base plate, electronic assembly union, downstream operations.
The company specializes in the design, development and manufacture of high-school-end printed circuit boards. The company’s product applications focus on a number of servers, focusing on aerospace and industrial medicine, and are gradually expanding to high-growth areas such as auto electrons. After nearly 40 years of accumulation, the company is at various high-school ends, such as backboards, high-speed multi-layers, high-frequency microwave boards, etc.
The pcb process has a leading integrated technical capability and a leading industry position in pcb technology. Backboards - the "aorta" of the digital server system. Backboards are those used in electronic systems to connect or plug in multiple single panels to form a separate system. Backboards are connected to the functional panels and are real.
As a result, the backboards are often characterized by high layers, hyper-sized, hyper-heavy, hyper-weight, high reliability, and are more difficult to process. Companies have always been industry leaders in backboard manufacturing and are now producing back plate layers.
Up to 120 floors, the number of backboards produced in bulk amounts to 68 floors, with a plate thickness ratio of more than 20:1 at a point where the chart 12 backboards and singleboards and their assembly are deep at the bottom of the high-frequency high-speed medium- and high-end pcb product. The high-speed multilayers are used by multi-layered conductive graphics and low-media power losses.
High-speed materials are suppressed, primarily for the transmission of high-speed circuit signals between chip groups to achieve chip computing and signal processing functions, which are widely applied in areas such as communications and service storage. HF microwave panels are printed circuit boards made of special high-frequency materials (e.g., polytetrafluoroethylene) and used primarily for high-frequency signals.
Transmission of electronic products, such as telecommunications base stations, microwave communications, satellite communications and radars. High-frequency microwave panel signals require higher integrity and are more difficult to process. The above-mentioned products have been widely used in core areas of communication backbone nuclear exchange, data centres, communications base stations, microwave communications, etc.
Chart 13100g telecommunications backbone transports high-speed system boards, Chart 14 HF microwave board products, and packaged base plate products have been imported into the world's leading sealer.
Key carriers, which not only support, radiate and protect chips, but also provide electrical sublinks between chips and pcb, which can even be buried in passive, sourced devices to achieve a system function. Encapsulating the base plate as a high-end extension of pcb, because it is directly connected to the chip, the product is smaller in size and more sophisticated in line.
More demanding, technical barriers, high demands on production processes and finance, and markets that have long been dominated by foreign companies. Companies, with their strong competitive advantage in high-density, high-level, multi-layered pcb development and production, have taken the lead in developing envelopes and successfully grasping high-density seals.
The core technology of the board has succeeded in breaking out of the foreign monopoly of technology and becoming a qualified supplier of the world’s leading sealers, such as sunlight, technology, and long-power technology. The firm’s increasing share of the base plate business in the main business represents a significant step forward on the path to product high-end.
Figure 15: A matrix map. Chart 16 shows a significant increase in the share of corporate enveloped baseboard operations. IEC operations provide one-stop service to pcb clients.
Electronic components, such as source devices, plugs, etc., are welded on pcb by means of plug-ins, surface patches, microassembly, electronic and electrical connections, and, through functional and reliability tests, modules, whole machines or systems are formed that are downstream of the pcb manufacturing operation.
Access/convergence/data centre level switch, hardware set-up, high-level led screen
(pitch = 1.5 mm) Production capacity continues to expand, with support companies maintaining a leading position. In recent years, the company has been active in expanding production, with factories in the south-to-south series two and tin-free base-plating plants moving well uphill and entering the stage of mature production.
The company's determination to maintain its leading edge was clear from the company's high-level inverted chip manufacturing project in the south-of-tin depths in February 2022, and the company's pcb operation will continue to develop as the downstream server and car market flourishes.
Key scenario 2: the tin-free base plate business, which has become a mature plant, will significantly upgrade the company Key scenario 3: the electronic assembly business, the gradual transition of the epidemic, will facilitate coordination between the company and its customers, and the company's main business is pcb production, so we have selected the country's typical pcb industry company, the Ping Dynasty Consort, and the Picontary.
We expect higher prices for upstream raw materials and less demand for downstream materials than expected. With the use of legally compliant information, this report is presented independently and objectively, and the data and information used in this report are based on open information from the market, and I am against it.
The information and observations in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, will not be, and will not receive, directly or indirectly, any of the specific recommendations or views in this report.