Deep South Circuit (002916) Electronic performance meets expectations, high-speed growth of the enveloped baseboard operations, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
Summary of performance: In 2021, the company achieved business income of 13.34 billion yuan, an increase of 20.2 per cent in the same year; net profit of 1.48 billion yuan, an increase of 3.5 per cent in the same year; performance was as expected. pcb plate growth was smooth, and enveloped boards and electronic assembly operations were growing at a high rate.
At the end of the day, the company ' s pcb board business generated $8.74 billion, an increase of 5.1 per cent, and 62.7 per cent; the envelope board business generated $2.42 billion, an increase of 56.4 per cent, a gain of 17.3 per cent, a stable communications market and a few more downstream applications. The communications market has always been the company ' s pcb and electricity.
Subpacking is a priority application, and companies maintained a stable share of the customer base and earned a high level of appreciation, despite slowing domestic demand in the communications market during the reporting period, relying on industry's leading technical strengths and high-quality service capabilities. Moreover, companies continued to increase market development in the non-communications sector.
During the reporting period, company pcb operations grew by 45% over the same period, and auto electronics by 150% over the same period, making it a high-speed growth in public-season envelopes and continuing new strategic layouts.
During the reporting period, the company achieved a high rate of growth and improved product structure, with storage panels having made significant breakthroughs in technological capabilities, customer development and energy release, with orders increasing by 140% over the year. The company has continued to add up the capacity of the envelopes, and is planning to invest $6 billion in the construction of the envelopes in Guangzhou.
Base plate plant, mainly for fc-bga, rf and fc-csp; tinless inverted chip 1. Deep south circuit (002916); short-term performance load, pcb tap active rebound period
With the proposed investment of $2.02 billion in the ic-boarding project, it is expected that 2022q4 will be connected to production. With high-end sealing of base plate capacity, the firm's competitiveness is expected to increase further, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. 1 Printed circuit board tap, continuing to deepen the layout of the Three Ones.
Founded in 1984 with a registered capital of 489 million yuan, Deep South Electric Co. Ltd. is mainly engaged in the design, development and manufacture of high-school printed circuit boards, with product applications centred on communications equipment, with emphasis on data centres (including servers), auto electronics, and continued deep-deep farming, medical, etc. The company has been working on “World-class electronic circuit technology.”
The strategic layout of “3-in-one” supports the long-term development of deep-south power: at the core of interconnectivity, and at the same time as it is increasingly leading the printing of circuit boards, it is vigorously developing its “technology-symmetric” envelope and “client-smuggling” electronic assembly operations.
In 2021, the global economy gradually recovered and, while supply shortages and price increases remained upstream in the supply chain, companies actively seized downstream market opportunities and strengthened supply chain management.
The steady growth in the printing of circuit boards and electronic assembly combined operations, as well as the high rate of growth in the encapsulation of base panels, was achieved. 1) pcb operations: data centre markets continued to upgrade, car electronic customers were imported smoothly. Corporate printing circuit boards generated major battalion operations revenue of $8,737 million, an increase of 5.13 per cent over the same period, accounting for the company's total revenue.
The overall demand for the domestic communications market slowed during the reporting period to 62.66%, compared to 25.28%. While maintaining the share of domestic households, companies actively pursued overseas markets, partly offsetting the effects of fluctuations in domestic demand; in the data, the company’s pcb business grew steadily, with excellent performance in the heart and automobile electronics market.
2) Blockboard operations: rapid breakthroughs in storage and fc-csp products, strategic layout of new bases, new factories. Main base-plating operations earned 2,415 million yuan, an increase of 56.35 per cent, representing 17.32 per cent of total company revenues, and a Māori rate of 29.09 per cent. Global semiconductor landscape continued to be high during the reporting period, with the need for the envelope board.
Upgraded, company module product supply remained robust, storage product breakthroughs were significant, and the enveloped base-plate business was high 3) Electronic assembly operations: further upgrading of supply chain management capacity 1.940 billion yuan, an increase of 67.22 per cent, representing the total business income of the company
13.91 per cent, with a Māori rate of 12.56 per cent. Despite the slowdown in demand in the communications market, supply chain production and logistics have been curbed, and companies, while ensuring the demand of existing customers, have increased their development in areas such as data centres, automobiles and electronics, while continuously upgrading supply chain management capacity and sustaining business growth.
The company’s equity structure is concentrated, and many employees are motivated to strengthen the foundations for long-term development. The company’s actual control is China Air Industry Group Limited, a central state-owned management agency that holds 58.29% of the company’s shares directly or indirectly. Of the top 10 shareholders, except the first shareholder, China Air International Holdings Ltd., which holds 63.96% of shares and the second largest shareholder in Hong Kong.
The company’s main business consists mainly of printing circuit boards, sealing boards, electronic fittings and income from other products.
In 2021, the company produced $8.74 billion in revenue from printed circuit board products, an increase of 5.1 per cent in the same year, and 17.7 per cent in operating income; in 2021, IUPU earned $1.94 billion, an increase of 67.2 per cent in the same year and 14.2 per cent in operating income; in 2021, in the company's main business, the rate was 25.3 per cent.
The ratio was 68.8 per cent; the ratio of maori on the envelope was 29.1 per cent and the ratio 21.9 per cent; and the rate of Māori in the electronic assembly union was 7.6 per cent. During the same period, the net profit on corporate parentage increased from $450 million to 1.48 billion, with an annual compound growth rate of 26.9 per cent, in 2019, an increase of 76.0 per cent over the same five-year period, exceeding the growth rate in operating income.
While the impact of the epidemic on the supply side is still on the ground, the company has been able to respond positively to external challenges by taking advantage of downstream market opportunities, strengthening supply chain management, enhancing operational capacity and improving the efficiency of its production operations, achieving a 20.2 per cent increase in revenue from the rise in the cost of raw materials and labour, changes in the structure of product sales, and the production uphill phase of the plant.
The profit rate has fallen to 3.5 per cent. 2) Cost: in 2021, the cost of company sales was 1.7 per cent, an increase of 0.2 pp from the same year; the management rate was due to growth, higher remuneration and higher insurance premiums. Companies have long maintained a technology-led strategy, and in recent years have been increasing their investment in research and development.
Size, R & D rates are on a rising trend. 1) Cash flow from operating activities: From 2017 to 2020, net cash flows from operating companies as a whole remained growing, falling back slightly in 2018 and re-entering the fast growth path in 2019.
The increase in cash flows is mainly due to the growth in the scale of sales and the increase in remittances. 2) Net present ratio: from 2017 to 2020, net present company scenario 1: long-term growth trends in the communications market remain unchanged in the medium- to long-term, with a major breakthrough in the data centre and automobile electronics market, with the company pcb and electronic assembly operations expected to become new growth points in the future, and we expect the company to grow in the medium to long term.
Assuming that 2: the enveloped base plate will be the main driver of growth in the pcb industry over the next five years, companies will continue to increase their R & D and energy inputs to the envelope, customers will move forward in an orderly manner, and the future yield ratio of productive capacity will be expected to increase further, we have selected four major comparable companies, namely, the winner technology, the boom electron power, the Hensen technology and the World Wide Web, 2022.
The combined growth rate of net female profits will remain above 21%. Given the company's dominant position on the pcbboard in the country, and its continued ability to build high-end seals, the firm's competitiveness is expected to increase further, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
1) The risk of macroeconomic fluctuations; 2) The global new coronary epidemic has repeatedly caused downstream demand fluctuations. No one will receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, and not for, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.