Pacific Securities Motors Group (PSG) Wide Cars Group: Craft Sculpture, Sunrise Flying Date: July 26, 2019
In the 20 years of the storm, the craftsman's heart is destined to be brilliant, the pattern is changing, the sun rises, the sword is swollen, and the self-inflicted brand is staggered for ten years.
In the 20 years of the storm, the craft's heart is destined to be brilliant, and in the 20 years of its existence, it's a three-pronged state of affairs, a complete industrial chain, and a deeper self-inflicted innovation.
Ten times the increase in income, the power of the product to build a powerful moat, the power of the solar system to protect itself, and the ability to build a “divide” and the development of Toyota in the Chinese market still have much room for development.
In the 20-year campaign, a three-pronged situation emerged: the Guangbond Group was founded in 1997 and launched in 2005 as a group of state-owned stockholdings, with shares listed in 2010 and 2012. The company was transformed into China’s sixth-largest company, with 189th place in the 500th largest company in the world.
The BG has developed an autonomous branding enterprise, a Japanese joint venture, and a European-American joint venture. The industrial chain is intact, deepening autonomous innovation, and the BG has been working on joint ventures and autonomous innovation, covering all of the R&D and manufacturing of vehicles and spare parts, automobile trading services, automobile finance, etc.
Blocks, which make up the complete car industry chain, are one of the most complete automobile groups in the domestic industrial chain. The whole car has a global leading platform structure, such as a tnga-structure with a big gas Toyota, a g-cpma-cross platform modular structure with a wide car; parts and components, engines, transmission boxes, seats, lights, switchboards, and shock absorbers are all self-contained; and the commercial and financial plates have a two-hand car, insurance, and accommodation.
A series of services such as leasing, car credit, etc.
Combining power systems.
It's a ban on the transfer of gas.
""Amagna."
Honda, gactoyotaengineco., ltd.
Bulk car tacmotor mitsubish
Giant. Gacfca. Big Mitsubishi.
gaccapital State enterprises in the Grand Bay region, stable equity structure
The real control of the BG is the Guangzhou Auto-Industry Group, which holds 53.66 per cent of the shares, and core assets include the BHN, BHN, BHN, BHFK, BHN Mitsubishi, BHW, 50 per cent, 50 per cent, BHN, 50 per cent respectively.
Revenues grew tenfold, and products built a powerful moat, at a compound rate of 21% per year. The reason for the significant fall in net return earnings in 2012 was mainly due to the severe Chinese-Japanese relationship caused by the fishing island incident, which hit the Japanese brand. In the first three quarters of 2018, corporate business earnings were $53.5 billion, or 4% more than in the previous quarter; net return earnings were $9.9 billion, or 10% more than in 2018.
A 16 per cent decrease, but a 4 per cent increase in solar cars, thanks to excellent product power and economics.
(a) Cost-control benefits and profitability are far ahead of the cost control capabilities of the wide-ranging group, which transmits the excellent solar brand, with net corporate interest rates remaining around 15 per cent as scale effects become apparent;
Chart: Volkswagen Māori Rates, Net Interest Rates, Roe Changes in the last five years
The number of vehicles has risen to 580,000, with a 13 per cent compound increase; and the number of vehicles in the vehicle fleet has jumped from zero to 540,000. Over the past decade, the overall volume of sales in the Chinese automobile industry has increased at a rate of 6 per cent, while the increase in sales in the Japanese system under the banner of the Volkswagen Group has lagged behind the overall level of the Chinese automobile industry, and we believe that, as consumers have become more demanding, the Japanese brand will have much room for improvement in the future of the Chinese market.
Toyota still has a lot of room for development in the Chinese market over the last decade, and the division of market power between Japanese and German cars in the United States began in the 1970s, but after the oil crisis, consumers preferred to save oil.
As a result, the Japanese-owned car market has gradually increased, representing the brand name Toyota, which stands at around 15%, while the German-owned car has slowly risen, representing the brand, and the general population has accounted for less than 5%. China’s automobile industry has started late, with the German-owned branding public focusing on China’s market, pre-empting it, and the domestic-market share reached 17% in 2018, while it has reached Fung Fung.
Toyota brands and popular brands compare ownership of the United States market, wind, Pacific Securities Institute.
In a spirit of evolution, aggressive embraces of a new quadrant -- electric, intelligent, networked, shared -- have become a trend in the automobile industry, and the entire car biosphere will be transformed by technological innovation.
• Wide gas groups have taken advantage of the changing trends in the industry, actively developing new energy vehicles, smart networks, shared travel, and global marketing networks. Charts: Wide gas is a new four-dimensional layout – a broad array that will, first and foremost, accelerate the intellectualization of automobile products and lay the technological and product base for vehicle sharing.
• The generation of a second generation of pure electrical exclusive power platforms with cellular + electric power as a central layout. • User-centred, integrating internal resources, leveraging external social resources, promoting capital operations and high-end services • mastering all three new energy sources (cells, electric power, power control), electro-coupling technologies, and exclusive use of new energy sources
Industry depth integration, promotion of manufacturing services, research on mobile mobility-related operations, development of key systems/parts technology, such as mobile mobility engine technology, and platforms to facilitate the transformation of broad-based steam to mobile mobility service providers.
• Two battery plants in partnership with the Ninder era.
Smart network connection • Broad Air has developed the first unmanned vehicle and mastered a number of unmanned technologies. • Wide air transmission has now entered a dozen countries in the Middle East, Africa, Asia, North America.
• Actively building a car-networked eco-circle, in cooperation with China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, Sri Lanka, India, China, China, China, China, China, India, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China,
530, all of them have been equipped with the RTLA "aiincar" system. • Wide-broadcasting networks have been set up in 14 countries for marketing and service channels, and will also be set up in overseas markets, at the 45 billion-billion-blank smart-net new energy industry park, with a wide-breath new-energy car company.
Re-import of high-end products like gs8 and g8
The solar system goes hand in hand, and the economy is the key to success.
In recent years, China's car market has expanded rapidly, rising from 10.33 million in 2009 to 22.35 million, with a compound growth rate of 8 per cent per year.
The share of solar brands has grown from 17.7% to 21.3%, mainly because of the strength of its superior products. The market has fluctuated considerably, mainly because of the relationship between China and Japan.
In the last decade, we've seen a change in the country's vehicle market, and the economy is a factor of success: toyota, Honda, and Japanese are among the top 10 players in the global car brand, reaching 8.86 million in 2018, 5.04 million in 2018, and 5.08 million in 2018, respectively.
Global sales were 9.3 per cent, 5.3 per cent and 5.3 per cent; in China they were 1.3 million, 1.4 million and 1.3 million, with a city share of 5.8 per cent, 6.3 per cent and 5.8 per cent, respectively.
Chart: solar brand competitiveness, cost-control efficiency, oil efficiency.
Hiro-Toyota-business poles, brilliant, Hiroshima-Toyota was established in 2004 with 50% co-financed by Hiro-Toyota and 30 years of joint ventures. Hiro-Toyota cooperation began in 2003 with the launch of the Toyota engine factory, and subsequently with the establishment of the Hiro-Toyota joint venture.
Camerrey, whose sales have been on the rise eight times since then, has shown a remarkable performance, and is also known as the Toyota Soul Vehicle. The eighth generation of Toyota Toyota Camerre is also the first model under the Toyota Tgna structure, marking a great success of the Tgna architecture in the country’s first-ever model.
Toyota has a high-capacity capacity, with 125 per cent capacity utilization in 2018. 480,000 vehicles per year are available in Hiroshima, with a total post-partum capacity of 600,000 to 720,000 per year in the third plant, while considering the construction of a fourth plant, continuing to expand capacity, with new production planning mainly for small and medium-sized vehicles and new energy vehicles.
Figure: Toyota Production and Use of Wide-Vulture Toyota Production and Utilization Wide-Voice Toyota - Launching Tnga Architecture, Unique
Tnga is the new Toyota platform architecture, which optimizes the integration of Toyota within the enterprise system, the R & D system, the production system, the spare parts system, and the cooperating suppliers from top to bottom. The goal is to universalize half of the 4,000 to 5,000 parts, covering spare parts such as bottom-plate hangers, engines, transmission boxes and seats, by 30 to 40 per cent.
Toyota has adapted the production lines and imported the tnga platform, which will be the basis for most future Toyota models. Tnga is the leading global whole-of-car architecture with the core effect of reducing manufacturing costs, shortening the development cycle, and accelerating technology imports.
In 2018, the year was the year of the Toyota product, which was replaced by Camerre, Handa, c-hr, with annual sales of 13,899, 10,499, and 22,27,000. The roll-out of Lui Ling has continued for many years, with annual sales of 1,486,000. The volume of the Toyota stock has increased by 32 per cent over the year.
In 2019, a new generation of thunderballs, new energy vehicles, Camery and thunderbolts will be launched.
Laser double-e+ level: tight suv, new eighth-generation Camerry.
♪ I've got to go ♪ ♪ I've got to go, I've got to go, I've got to go, I got to go, I got to go, I got to go, I got to go, I got to go, I got to go, I got to go, I got to go, I got to go, I got to go, I got to go, I got to go, I got to go, I got to go, I got to go, I got to go,
Level: Condensed sedan Level: Small sedan Level: Small suv
It's a small car, it's a small car, it's a small car, it's a big gas, it's a hot market, it's going up.
From 2010 to 2018, the total volume of Toyota vehicles increased from 270,000 to 580,000, with an annual compound increase of 10%; thanks to the high-value products of the tnga architecture, brands maintained high-quality growth, with a reverse trend of 31% over the same period in the face of the cold in the domestic car market. Camery, representing the car, was updated for eight generations and has always accounted for a significant share of total sales, with the Camery model, which introduced the tnga architecture in 2018, showing market performance.
Medium-sized suv-Hanlanda accumulates 101,328 and the city has the highest share of sales.
– Lehling changed money, passed the classic model of the Toyota model, selling 200,000 vehicles in 2018, the top of the Toyota list. In 2019, the thunderbolts received a big change, and the rice stumps were taken to the market, and the fuel version is expected to be on the market after the Shanghai Car show.
In terms of power, interiors, and electronic configurations, it is difficult to separate explosive vehicles, such as Luang Ling and Luang, Xinjiang, and the refinancing will lead to a further increase in product strength.
Hiromoto was founded in 1998 and is a completely new “intellectual factory” built on the core concept of “smart-sssc” (small, simple, compact, small, simple, compact) based on the investment of Hiroshida and Honda Technology and Research Industries (China) to co-operate at 50:40:10.
Chart: The history of Honda's development in Hiroshima Chart: The structure of Honda's shareholding in Honda, Guangzhou Automobile Co. Ltd.
Honda Technology Research Industries (China) for Guangzhou Autobots Group Inc.
• Establishment of Honda Motors Research and Development Co. Ltd.
(b) Construction of the third plant and engine plant.
2015: Establishment of the research and development base of the R & D company • Establishment of Honda Motors Marketing Co. Ltd. as a fully-owned and controlled subsidiary.
Dacon, Guangzhou City, economic development, Honda car (China) Guangzhou Honda car sales
• All-power acquisition of Honda's brand under the banner of Honda, China.
At present, there are two factories in Hiroshima, including three whole-car production lines and an engine plant, with a combined capacity of 600,000. 125 per cent of capacity utilization in 2018, with an expected additional 1,240,000 vehicles per year in 2019, new production will effectively ease the bottlenecks in capacity, with a total capacity of 72-84 million.
The distribution of the Honda product spectrum is relatively comprehensive, ranging from compact sedans to medium sedans, small sedans, small savour and intelligence, large medium-sized suv canopy to mpv.
In 2019, the new generation of smart, hybrid Odysseys, Passport (medium suv) will be launched, and it is expected that the new and new model will be brought on the market, further increasing the market share of Hiroshima.
From 2010 to 2018, the sales of Hiroshima Honda cars increased from 390,000 to 580,000, with an annual compound rate of 5 per cent;
177,000 vehicles, representing an increase of 18.1 per cent in the same year; 113,000 vehicles, representing an increase of 21.5 per cent in the same year; 141,000 vehicles, representing a slight decrease of 0.7 per cent in the same year; and 129,000 vehicles, representing an increase of 15.4 per cent in the year as a whole.
The volume of sales started to grow steadily after Yakaku upgraded to the tenth generation of Yaku and the hybrid model came on the market at the end of August, breaking again in 2018.
For the second year in a row, the sales of $150,000 have been won by Honda. The most classic Yakaku in the Honda model, known as the Green Tree in the medium-sized car market, shows a strong life force in terms of power, space, interiors, and electronic configuration.
Charts: HANDA Numeric Model - Trends in sales in Honda Yaga Gatsu - HANDA Nucleus Model - Standard Indicators and Competition Comparisons in HIDA Yaga
(b) The 2015 official strike, with Jeep, Fiat and Chrysler brands, the 2018 announcement of Fiat's withdrawal from the Chinese market, and the fact that Chrysler's national production has not yet materialized;
Mainly producing Jeep brands, using less than three years to roll out 4 suvs. Charts: Wide-Birth Feck Development History Chart: Wide-Bourth Feck Equity Structure
Fiat Chrysler, Guangzhou Auto Group, Car Company.
Hiro Motel Feck, Hiro Motel Fiat Chrysler Automobile Sales Co. Ltd.
The product spectrum is concentrated in the area of suv, the main thruster Jeep brand, and the middle-end. The Jeep Free Light, Jeep Guides, Jeep Big Command, Jeep Freeman 4 models are now being introduced for sale in 13 to 300,000 blocks.
Chart: The Wide-Bang Finkle Products Spectrum
Level: Large Commander, medium suv Jeep Level: compact suv
Level: Medium suv level: Small suv Wide Feck - Cold sales, slow development
In 2018, Volkswagen Feck achieved a total of 125,000 vehicles, a 39 per cent decline in the same year, a sharper decline. By split, Jeep guides dropped by 26.7 per cent in the same year; Jeep free light sales fell by 59.7 per cent in the same year; Jeep Freedom Man fell by 56.4 per cent in the same year; and the Volkswagen Volkswagen Volkswagen Fikes dropped by 56.4 per cent in 2018, mainly because of the effects of the crowding out of real estate that resulted in insufficient purchasing power for the population, increased competition for suv, and operations.
No new models were introduced during the adjustment period.
In 2017, the strong performance of the Volkswagen Ficker Cores Jeep guides helped to promote a significant increase in the volume of Volkswagen Finkles; and in 2018, the volume of sales was “cooled.”
The core parameter configuration of the jeep guides is comparable to that of stars such as distance, cr-v, but the shape is extremely powerful and personalized. - The parameter indicators of the guides and the competition are compared.
Chart: Wide-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bok-bok-bok-bok-bok-bok-bok-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bok-bok-bok-bok-bok-bok-bok-bok-bok-bok-bok-bok-bok-bok-bok-bang-bok-bok-bok-bok-bok-bok-bok-bok-bok-bok-bok-bok-bok-bang-bok-bok-bok-bok-bang-bok-bok-bok-bok-bok-bok-bok-bok-bok-bok-bok-bok-bok-bok-bok-bow-b-bow-bow-b-b-bow-bow-bow-bow-bow-bow-bow-bow-bow-bow-bow-bow-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-bow-b-b-bow-bow-b-b-b-bow-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-
The Changsha base produces mainly new Jeep Freelights, etc., the Guangzhou base produces the new Jeep Freeman, the Jeep Guide, and 38% of the capacity in 2018, with still much room for improvement. The construction capacity is expected to be 90,000 for the production of k8 and k8phev.
Figure: Production and utilization capacity of the Volkswagen Fike Plant
As the solar gene is being held, it's becoming an autonomous brand, it's being absorbed, it's being developed, it's becoming more and more powerful, it's a pole suv that faces challenges, and it needs to be upgraded.
(a) The solar gene, which became an autonomous brand, has been created in 2008 as a fully-owned subsidiary of the Volkswagen Group. Currently, the Volkswagen is actively setting up new energy vehicles, creating new energy-intensive subsidiaries and joint ventures;
(a) The solar gene and the rapid rise of the popular brand, which has been at the forefront of the study on the quality of new cars in China in j.d. Power;
The Xinjiang plant has three production bases in Guangzhou, Hangzhou, and Xinjiang, with a total capacity of 550,000. Of these, the Xinjiang plant has a capacity of 350,000, mainly in the form of a passing train; the Hangzhou plant has a capacity of 150,000, with a capacity in the form of passing ga8, gs8 etc.; the Xinjiang plant has a capacity of 50,000 for the production of gs4 and gs4phev.
It's capable of working in two phases, and it's expected to be 300,000.
Wide-bang roll-out of the gas, gs, and gm series of vehicles. The development of the Porsche project was still commissioned for phase 3 and, after absorption and acquisition, gs4 was fully autonomous and developed with a multi-platform modular architecture g-cpma, resulting in a shorter development cycle, a higher proportion of general parts and components, and greater product stability.
gs8 gm8 medium suv
ga8 gm6 ga6
gs5 gs7 level: medium and large sedans
Level: Medium suv level: compact suv fax gs3
ga4 small suv level: compact sedan
In 2019, in line with the trend of consumption, wide-blown recapitalization took place to tap into the potential of existing products. The remodelling of vehicles was more technologically and luxurious in appearances and interiors; the use of a matrixed light light; and the use of large screens in electronic configurations and electronic presence.
Car brakes, etc.; the power side is expected to carry a third generation of auto-research engines.
The sales volume of gs4 has soared, and the main vehicle model has grown in abundance, and sales have soared since its inception in 2010 that they have broken the 500,000 mark for the second year in a row. The total sales volume in 2018 was 540,000, an increase of 5.2% over the previous year.
In the hot tide of suv, gs4 was put on the market precisely to become the “blower” model in the compact suv of the autonomous brand, but as the suv competition intensified, gs4 registered a sharp drop in sales in 2018, which was 34.8 per cent on the same scale.
The main vehicle sales in the BV car, the suv, are challenged, and the refinancing is urgently needed to optimize the upgrades.
It is the main contributor to the volume of sales in a wide-blown vehicle. The segment of the market, which is a compact suv, is highly competitive, with the original competition Haffh6 and Jilibo forming a good slogan, adding new treasurers-5 in shape and design.
Space utilization seems to fit better with consumer preferences, and gs4 will be fully optimized in 2019.
(b) Two decades of joint ventures with the Japanese brands, following the genetic sculpted by Japanese craftsmen, pursuing cost-control of the benefits and demonstrating far greater profitability than the industry, and the great blood-breeding capacity of the fields and Honda, which provides companies with a steady flow of cash. In particular, the Toyota product matrix is rich, and cars and suv are powerful.
Toyota, the city of American cars, has a large share in China’s future market, and there is much room for improvement in the future. The Toyota market, which has been built on its own initiative, has developed its own best-selling models and third-generation engines, such as gs4, and has a brand name gs8\ga5\gm6 that has a better reputation in the area of segmentation.
In the last two years, a new car plan with a broad-based group has been under way, with consumption recovery and vehicle sales falling short of expectations.
▪ The sales of core vehicles continue to decline;
The content and opinions of the 9th North Street North outside Beijing City City City, the Hwayan Enterprise, do not constitute an offer or request for quotations on the sale of the securities in question. We and our employees have any direct influence on the use of this report and its contents.
I may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.