q2 performance has continued to increase, i.e., a higher share of the product - semi-annual evaluation in 2024
Incident: Corporate disclosure of semi-annual report 2024. 2024h1 generated $5.424 billion in revenues, showing signs of recovery in the same-year pcb sector, and o2 net profit innovation higher. In the first half of 2024, the pcb sector showed signs of recovery from improved stock and demand recovery, q1 global pcb production at the same rate.
Growth of 0.1% is expected to increase by 5% year-on-year. Benefiting from the structural demand for pcb from emerging computing scenarios, such as artificial intelligence, high-speed operating servers, 2024h1 achieved a profit of $5,424 million and a positive return of $620 million to the net profit of the mother, up from a single quarter.
Chandler wins, corporate communications boards increase their income and the share of their products increases. 2024h1 corporate communications boards collect $3.82 billion, an increase of 75.49 per cent over the same period, benefiting mainly from artificial intelligence and network infrastructure.
Of these, the share of income from the i server and hpc-related pcb products started with technical certification in 2023; major technologies for products supporting 224gbps have been pre-developed; Oam/ubb2.0 products have been bulked; gpu-type products have been certified at 6 steps of hdi and are ready for production; and there is a network exchange of products.
In response to market changes and uncertainties, the construction of the company's Thai production base is proceeding in an orderly manner and is expected to begin in the fourth quarter of this year.
Development provides dynamic energy. Growth in the demand for new energy vehicles is slowing, industry competition is intense, and the garage has a larger demand for precipitation in the upstream supply chain, including pcb. The company has a modest increase of 3.94% in the same year.
The market for new and emerging carboard products, such as pottery, thick copper, has continued to grow, rising from about 25.96% in 2023 to about 33.69%. Material costs have risen as a result of major commodity price changes, such as copper; vanguard board business has not yet been lost; the company ' s car board rate has been reduced by the same year.
In the medium-to-long term, trends such as electrification, intelligence and networking in the automobile industry will continue and will provide dynamic growth in the car board segment market in the direction of multiple layers, high-level hdi, high-frequency high-speed, high-pressure-resistant, high-temperature-resistant, high-integration, etc.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
In 2022, you joined the China Galaxy Securities Institute as head of an electronic team, mainly in hard-tech orientation studies. This report is provided to its clients by the China Galaxy Securities Corporation (hereinafter referred to as Galaxy securities).
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the information contained in this report is provided to the client for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to the client and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or integrity.