2q24 High performance innovation and a significant increase in the profitability of ai-exercise: on August 23, the 1h24 company achieved a record 5424 million 2q24 in revenue and a significant increase in the Māori rate. To benefit from the demand of ai, the company is on board.
\triangleright achieves a Māori sales rate of 38.83 per cent, an increase of 5.37 ptt over the same period, an increase of 4.97 ptc over the same period; net interest rates for net sales are up from a single quarter.
The \triangleright section, which benefits from artificial intelligence and network infrastructure, achieves a Māori ratio of 41.59%, an increase of 8.44 pct over the same period.
With regard to servers, the company's next generation of general server products based on pcle 6.0 has begun to be technically certified for use.
Quantified oam/ubb2.0 product in the Quarter of 2023 was delivered in bulk and the gpu product was recognized as 6 steps hdi: q3 performance improved significantly, leading to growth - 2023/
The main technology for the products supporting the 224gbps speed rate (102.4t exchange capacity 1.6t switch) has been pre-researched.
Automotive plate: Winner's plan is reduced, high-level product is released. 1h24 is subject to commodity price fluctuations such as copper, demand in the gas \triangleright sector is slowing, and the price of pcb for low- and medium-end cars is highly competitive. 1h24’s car board is achieved.
4. Quarter 2023: 1q23 performance pressure, ai+ motor panel leading a long-term increase of 8.16 pct. Company integrates successful production capacity, p2packs for auto 800v and above
Good progress; the performance of the 1h24 winner has improved significantly, with a significant gain of $67 million in comparison with the previous year, with the share of electricity (002463.sz) being evaluated in the 2022 annual report: "Arithmetic pcb is a tidal wave of 2023/03/
Euro. With the trend towards electrification, intellectualization and networking of the automobile industry, 1h24 millimetres of Boreda and autopilot aids account for 33.69 per cent of the revenue of new motor panels, compared to higher investment proposals: i demand continues to increase significantly in terms of corporate growth, corporate barriers, customers, etc.
\triangleright household resources of high quality and products associated with the next generation of data centres in the forward layout are expected to benefit significantly from the tidal wave, \triangleright
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.