The company's semi-annual performance, the first half of 2024, benefited from artificial intelligence and high-speed transport.
In the first half of 2024, it benefited from artificial intelligence.
Strong demand for a capable and networked infrastructure resulted in an operating income of about $3,328 million for the corporate communications market board, a significant increase of about 75.49 per cent over the year, with the share of the i server and hpc-related pcb products in the corporate communications market board operating income increasing from about 21.13 per cent in 2023.
During the first half of 2024, the company was continuously engaged in research and development in the domain of data communication, high-speed network equipment, data centres, etc., mainly in the areas of signal integrity, power supply integrity, high-resolution complex structures, and reliability of high-speed products.
Products have started technical certification; major technology for products supporting 224gbps speed rate (102.4 t exchange capacity 1.6 t switch) has been pre-developed; oam/ubb2.0 product has been delivered in bulk; gpu maximum/minimum price within 52 weeks
Classed products have been certified by 6 steps hdi and ready for volume production; in the network exchange product section, 800g switches have been delivered in bulk. Artificial intelligence and network infrastructure development need to be more complex, more robust and higher-level
bggering (bvi) and high-density interconnection (hdi) pcb products to support their complex computing and data processing holdingsco.,ltd.
Demand, which offers new growth opportunities for the pcb market, also poses a greater challenge to the technological capabilities and innovative capabilities of the pcb enterprise. More peers are also shifting resources to this area, trying to enter it and gain a certain market share, and competition is bound to increase in the future.
In the areas of power and innovation, continuous technological upgrading and innovation, the development of higher-density interconnectivity techniques, higher-speed transmission performance, etc., to improve the competitiveness of products and to respond quickly to market demand, and robust motor vehicle operations.
Due to the impact of these factors, the car board rate decreased by about 0.8 percentage points in the same year. During this period, the company built on technological strength and deep accumulation in the area of automobile applications, as well as stable and reliable product quality, further increasing its involvement with a number of internationally recognized parts and components manufacturers and with many new energy vehicles in the country.
Co-operation in research and development and joint development of hdi products in areas such as sip, domain controller, etc.; Through deep collaboration with industry chain partners, good progress has been made in the application of p2pack in auto 800v and above high pressure structures.
Hdi's autopilot aids and smart seat-space controllers, ceramics, thick copper, p2packs, etc., have continued to grow in the market for new and emerging carboard products, contributing to the company's motorboard operating income in the medium to long term, and consumers' strong expectations of reducing the cost of cars have boosted global electricity.
Motivating car penetration: Consumer preferences for smart technology have prompted participants in the global automotive industry to introduce travel-promotion services, so that the pace of changes in the various destabilizing trends, such as auto electrification, intelligence and networking, do not stagnate, and that technology upgrades and penetrates.
The rate rise will provide a strong long-term growth opportunity for a segmented market in multi-storey, high-grade hdi, high-frequency high-speed, high-pressure-resistant, high-temperature-resistant, high-integration, etc. Thailand’s productive capacity is actively distributed, and production is steadily invested.
The installation and commissioning work is continuing, and it is expected to begin in the fourth quarter of this year with the scheduling of test products and the start-up of new-capable customer certification and product import. In terms of staffing, companies deploy highly skilled senior staff and recruit new personnel, and conduct comprehensive and systematic training to safeguard them.
The company has been working closely with the supply chain to ensure the supply, quality stability and flow of products from the production base in Thailand. Market recovery has fallen short of expectations: friction in international trade and the risk of industrial chain transfer: industry competition
The data used in this report are based on what we believe to be reliable information that is now publicly available and, through independent judgements and conclusions, seeks independence, objectivity, fairness, and the conclusions of the report are not shared by other parts and personnel of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, foundations, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.