Mid-2024: Growth of new computing scenarios benefiting, 26/08/2024
Millions of yuan (year-on-year + 135%). In terms of operations, the company’s communications market board earns 3.8 billion yuan (year-on-year + 75%) and the automobile board 1,150 million yuan (year-on-year + 3.94%). The significant increase in income and profits benefits mainly from the conclusion of pcb from new computing scenarios such as artificial intelligence, high-speed operation servers, etc.
In the first half of the year, the pcb sector experienced an improvement in stocks and a gradual response to demand, which led to a positive growth of the pcb market as a whole. ai’s technology power-driven performance focused on the development of switchboards and new server products.
In the meantime, revenues from the i-server and hpc-related pcb products amounted to $1,205 million, representing 31 per cent of the company's communications market board operating income. The pull of the i-server, network building, has become a central driver of corporate performance growth, while companies based on pcie 6.0
The next generation of generic server products has started to be technically certified, and gpu-type products have been certified in 6 steps of hdi in preparation for volume production; in the network exchange product section, 800g switches have been delivered in bulk. With the accelerated release of the one business, 800g switches are expected to have a resonance with the one server.
In the first half of the year, the automobile industry slowed down in the face of rising material costs caused by commodity price fluctuations. Companies are now becoming more aware of international developments.
Co-operative R & D efforts by individual parts and components manufacturers and various new energy vehicles in the country have resulted in significant results in the development of hdi products in the fields of sip, domain control of Xinjiang (002463): First Quarterly Reporter 2024.
The market for new and emerging carboard products continues to grow. Technology upgrades and penetration rates in the automobile industry continue to grow.
Long-term growth opportunities will be provided for a segmented market in multi-storey, high-grade hdi, high-frequency high-speed, etc., which is expected to contribute to the company’s new business growth.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: based on the company being the leader of the country pcb and the related new product of the company: increased structural demand for the one-server end of the system.