Continued high performance of  (002463.sz) pcb q2 to fully benefit from ai server and 800g switch capacity
q2 quarter of August 26, 2024 The company achieved operating income of 2,844 million yuan, an increase of 49.83 per cent in the same year and 9.91 per cent in the ring; The net return to the mother of 626 million yuan, an increase of 114.16 per cent in the same year and a growth of 21.60 per cent in the ring.
The emerging computing landscape has created structural demand, with companies performing at the same rate. In the first half of 2024, the structural demand for pcb from emerging computing scenarios that benefited from artificial intelligence, high-speed computing servers, and the strong demand for public facilities, with corporate communications market board revenues reaching $3.828 billion in the first half of the year.
Market value of the share in circulationa (billions): due to slower growth in automobile demand, strong car price competition and declining exports of new energy vehicles, R & D and innovation have been pursued and product structure upgrading has led to a significant increase in profitability.
The upgrading of the structure of the product, which reached 36.46 per cent in the first half of 2024, resulted in an increase of 6.84 pcts in the same year, with a net interest rate of 20.80 per cent and an increase of 7.90 pcts in the same year, of which ai server and Hpc-related pcb products account for more complex, higher performance, higher-higher and high-density interconnected pcb products, in order to capture competitive advantages.
Ongoing research and development, technological upgrading and innovation by companies in the fields of data communication, high-speed network equipment, data centres, etc., with $367 million in corporate research and development in the first half of the year, an increase of 61.34 per cent over the same period.
Cost is 6.76 per cent, an increase of 0.72 pct over the same period. Enterprise communication boards: technological innovation improves product competitiveness and quick responses to market demand.
(b) Oam/ubb2.0 products have been delivered in bulk; gpu-type products have been certified as 6 steps hdi, ready for production; and 800g exchangers have been delivered in bulk in the network exchange product section.
Automotive plates: Increased industrial-chain cooperation and the growth of new and emerging carboard products. The company relies on a deep technological build-up in the area of motor power, focusing on the development of millimetre wave radars, the introduction of hdi autopilot aids and smart seat area controllers, ceramics, thick copper, p2packs, etc., new and emerging car boards.
The share of motor panel revenues rose from 25.96 per cent in 2023 to 33.69 per cent. At the same time, the company has intensified its collaborative research and development efforts with a number of internationally recognized parts and components manufacturers and with a number of new energy vehicles in the country to work together on the development of hdi products in such areas as sip, domain controllers, etc.
Technological innovation and market expansion are driven by two-wheel drive, and new and emerging areas are generating a sustained growth drive. Companies insist on \triangleright technological innovation and product upgrading, with high-end convergences such as artificial intelligence, high-speed networks and smart car systems.
The structural demands of hdi, high-speed high-speed pcb, continued to increase R & D inputs and improve product competitiveness in order to capture the demand for high-end products in the areas of communications, automobiles, etc. The company’s layout in the areas of ai servers, data central switches, etc. is beginning to show results. In addition, companies have increased their strategic deployment abroad to meet the demand for high-end products.
With the release of future production capacity from the Thai production base, strong demand from large offshore clients is expected to generate a larger share of competition in different regions and product areas, with sustained high performance growth.
As a digital pcb tap, fully benefiting the high-end pcb output released by the arithmetic demand, with the first coverage rated as “buy-in-a.” Industry and market competition risks: the market in the pcb sector is highly competitive and the concentration of the industry is relatively low.
Global economic uncertainty, particularly the effects of geopolitical and trade protectionism, can lead to market demand fluctuations and supply chain uncertainty. These factors can have a negative impact on the competitive position and profitability of firms in the market.
At the same time, companies need to face competitive pressures from international and domestic markets. Risk of exchange rate fluctuations: the company’s main business income is denominated in United States dollars, and therefore against the dollar against the renminbi \triangleright
In particular, in the context of the complex and volatile global economic environment, the uncertainty of exchange rates increases the risks to companies’ operations. Technology upgrading and innovation risks: technology development in the pcb sector is rapid, and companies need to continue to do so.
R & D and innovation to maintain market competitiveness. If firms fail to keep pace with industrial developments in technological innovation, this may lead to a decline in market share, which in turn will affect the long-term growth of firms The supply of raw materials and the risk of price volatility: companies rely on large quantities of copper overboards, bronze, etc.
Key raw materials, the supply and price of which are highly influenced by global markets. Global energy prices and commodity price volatility have increased in recent years, and if raw materials prices continue to rise, they will have a negative impact on firms’ production costs and profitability.
War, in the event of a disruption in the supply chain, may affect the normal production operations of the company. Reasonable. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
For the private gain of yourself or of others.