Biannual Report 2024: Deep Beneficiary iServices Release and Exchange Network Upgrade, 800g Switched to Power Stock (002463)
Incident: In the first half of 2024, when the company released its semi-annual report for the year 2024, the company ' s performance in business > `ai ' was multiplied, 800g switch was delivered in bulk, 224gbps switch owner completed the pre-research of technology. In the first half of 2024, the beneficiary was strongly motivated by corporate communications.
Market boards generated about $3.828 billion in operating income, yoy + 75.49 per cent, of which the share of i servers and hpc-related pcb products in corporate communications market boards increased from about 21.13 per cent in 2023 to about 31.48 per cent.
The product has started technical certification; the main technology for products that support 224gbps speeds (102.4t exchange capacity 1.6t switch) has been pre-developed; the product oam/ubbb2.0 has been delivered in bulk; the product of the gpu class has been certified in step 6hdi and is ready for production; and in the Web Exchange Department
In the first half of 2024, the company's entire car board was \triangleright.
The impact of the business has not yet been reversed, with a decrease of about 0.8 percentage points in the same year in the car board rate.In the first half of 2024, the market for new and emerging car board products, such as company mm wave radars, the introduction of hdi autopilot aids and smart seat control, ceramics, thick copper, and 2packs, continued to grow.
Long, the share of corporate motor panel revenue increased from about 25.96 per cent in 2023 to about 2023 and the performance forecast for the first quarter of 2024.
Queries: Queue: Queue révolution, long snow, arithmetic industrial chain, overperformance, arithmetic growth, improved profitability.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
The Building B group, which joined the Sindam Securities Electronics Group in November 2022, was directed towards optical, consumer electronics, car electronics, etc., storage chips, simulation chips, etc.
Servers, pcb, consumer electronics, etc. The components are not relevant, are not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindam Securities”) has the CVM-approved qualification for portfolio investment consulting.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.