The company introduced its first restricted equity incentive and equity-added incentive program for core employees. Performance growth was expected, and costs were properly managed. (1) Companies continued to boost production efficiency, cooling, and steam
Zero operations achieved high growth at the same time (+26 per cent, +19 per cent, respectively), with net profit on realization/repatriation of 2018h1 of 5.590 billion/677 million, or 15.11 per cent, respectively, and performance was as expected. (2) Financial costs increased by 0.1 pct/0.1 pct over the period as a result of expansion of overseas operations and increased R & D inputs
2. " The traditional rules in business, waiting for the management of the fever, on the one hand, and the continued release of the products of the thermal management of the fever, on the other, are expected to realize a net return to the mother of 980-170 million yuan. " The two-wheel drive of the home power business and the new energy car heat management business. " (1) The performance of the household power business is bright. The chiller valves are expected to result in a net return profit of 980-170 million yuan.
3. " Thermal management is expected to be a new growth point -- three flowers " , with $3.16 billion, yoy + 26 per cent in the three areas of air conditioning + refrigerator + cooking power; 620 million, yoy-9 per cent in micro-channels; and Avico ' s first half-year performance with overseas customers
4. " Nice performance, Tesla ' s three high-quality targets -- demand slowed down and remained stable, generating $60 million, yoy+1 per cent. Household refrigeration has been growing steadily overall. (2) Sop and a well-known car in the country and abroad have achieved more significant projects in the zero industry.
The company intends to issue restricted stocks (10.6 million shares, 0.5 per cent of total equity; award price of $8.47 per share) to 781 employees and will award them.
17%. Internal incentives to bind employees’ common interests, on the one hand, to the market, and, on the other hand, to motivate employees and ensure firm growth.
The growth of new energy vehicles has fallen short of expectations; the commercial refrigeration sector has not expanded as expected; the domestic electricity sector has grown faster; the market share of refrigeration products has declined; prices of products have fallen; exchange rate fluctuations; and the cost of raw materials has fluctuated.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment