3x50.sz.
Events: Sanhua WikiLeaks published the mid-2018 report. On August 9, the company released the mid-2018 report. The company achieved $5,590 million in operating revenue, a year-on-year increase.
In the first half of the year, the company spent 700 million yuan, representing 12.5% of the revenue, down by about 3 percentage points from 2017, mainly because of a 110% decline in the financial costs of the company as compared to the exchange gains and losses. In order to avoid the price risk of raw materials and to guard against exchange rate risk, the company operates derivatives.
Including futures contracts and foreign exchange forward contracts, reducing price volatility of raw materials and exchange rate fluctuations for the company Māori The growth of Māori refrigeration business was expected and the lead position continued to be consolidated The refrigeration business unit generated revenue of $3.159 billion, an increase of 25.97 per cent, representing 56.5 per cent of current revenue, Māori
White domestic power upgrades and the upgrading of air-conditioning products towards efficient energy efficiency have helped companies to increase their sales. The dominant products in the company’s domestic refrigeration business, the four-trend valves, the electronic expansion valves, and the cut-off valves, have all increased their sales to the same extent, continuing to consolidate the world’s first-sector position.
With the opening of the space for the growth of the Steam Zero business, the Avico business is getting better, the Steam Zero business income is $691 million, an increase of 18.78 per cent from the previous year, which is largely in line with expectations, given the dramatic rise in the demand for new energy vehicles. The company is now Tesla, Volvo, Daimler, Biadey, Gi.
In terms of capacity, the company will raise new energy vehicles to be built during zero injections in 2017 The heat management system technology adaptation project and the new energy vehicle parts construction project will be in place at the beginning of 2019 and the new energy car spare parts project will be in operation at the beginning of the year 2019.
Wang Fenghua: Master’s degree at the Chinese People’s University and currently President of the Institute of Associated Securities. Joined the Associated Securities in 2016, with a certificate number of US$ 03005160001.
The Academy sales team, Cho's Voice, Seo Jia-Lin.
The report clearly and accurately reflects the author's research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and does not draw conclusions from any third party or from any other party.