The company is a leading global refrigeration control device, a world-famous air-conditioning plant.
In September 2017, the company completed the acquisition of three additional pieces of steam, new cars, new parts and components. It's a department specializing in auto air conditioning and heat management system control.
Auto parts companies are the world’s leading suppliers of heat-inflating valves and water receptacles. The value of single-car products such as domestic and foreign new energy automobiles has grown rapidly, and the company’s electron-inflating valves have increased significantly compared to their original products and are expected to continue to benefit. In addition, companies are actively promoting electronic pumps, batteries, etc.
In September 2017, the company completed the acquisition of three zeros and a new focus section of the business puzzle.
Combining systems and other things, the use of related valves has increased significantly, and the value of products such as electro-inflated valves has risen significantly compared to the original product. New domestic and foreign energy automobile sales have grown rapidly, product categories have expanded gradually, and single-car values have increased the company’s performance.
New products such as electronic pumps, batteries coolers, etc., are being actively promoted, and many car orders, such as Tesla, Benz Volvo, and Wei, are being obtained. The product expansion has led to a significant increase in the value of bicycles, and the delivery of related orders is expected to contribute to rapid growth in the company’s performance.
Refrigeration control units are well established, and businesses such as dishwashers are expected to grow rapidly. The market share of products such as company electricity expansion valves, four-way valves, microchannel heat exchangers, etc., is the first in the world to be marketed on August 8th, 2018.
First, the leadership is strong and is expected to grow in tandem with the refrigeration industry. Businesses like dishwashers in the country are expected to explode, and related components such as aweco are expected to benefit. 1) New energy cars are sold less than expected; 2) downstream demand, such as air conditioning, is not expected.
Taking into account the technological advantages of companies and the expansion of product categories in the field of heat management of new energy cars, for the first time, Sino-Soldier International Securities Company Ltd. was qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.