Tribute smart control (00205.sz): a brief analysis: performance in the first half of the year was slightly lower than expected: Trina smart announced income/net profit of RMB 5.590 billion in the first half of 2018, an increase of 15/11 per cent in the same year (adjusted for endogenous growth, taking 17 years of car heat management operations into the base of the same period last year) and corresponding
In the first half of 2018, the increase in revenue from major operations, such as refrigeration units/cars, was in line with expectations: the increase in revenue from the refrigerant units (56% of revenue) was 26% in the same year, compared to the 14% increase in China's air conditioner production during the same period. The company said that the increase in revenue from commercial refrigeration units was about 15% in the first half of the year.
It is assumed that revenue from domestic refrigeration units should increase by more than 26%, the main driver of which is likely to be an expansion of market share. We expect China’s downstream air-conditioning market to continue to slow in the second half of the year, but this will be offset in part by the company’s potential market share increase.
Car heat management (12%) has increased revenue by 19% over the same period, and new energy vehicle parts and components are likely to contribute 30%. Given that Teslamodel3 has started to produce up since mid-year, we expect that revenue growth will accelerate in the second half of the year.
The rate of revenue growth will increase significantly in the second half of 2019, driven by orders. Microchannels/Avico/Change Controls, among others, show weak performance: Microchannel heat exchangers (11%) revenue (in RMB) decreased by 9% in the same year, following the dollar/RMB exchange rate
The adjustment still falls below expectations (by 2 per cent in United States dollars), compared with the 18 per cent increase in sales of comparable corporate air conditioners in North America in the second quarter of this year, mainly due to strong capital spending at a time of significant tax cuts in the United States and the expansion of large gold distribution networks and after-sales services.
In addition to the losses caused by fluctuations in the rates, the three-players’ intellectual belief that their business performance was weak was due to the 1% increase in the income of the largest client, Jiangsen, the coffee machine dishwasher spare parts (i.e., the Aveco subsidiary, 11%) compared to the previous year, which slowed down the rate of growth. The company was working to improve the profitability of the business plate by nationalizing its suppliers (currently).
The frequency controller (5%) earns about RMB 200 million, a slower increase than in 2017, owing to the slowdown in government spending on environmental protection in North China this year.
Companies consider exchange rate fluctuations to be the main reason (i.e., exchange rate exchange rate of 6.38 US dollars per dollar of overseas income, compared to 6.88 in the same period last year, resulting in a 7 per cent reduction in income at no change in cost). Our calculations show, output. We expect that, as the renminbi depreciates from June, the effect of the exchange rate will reverse in the second half of the year.
For raw materials, the fall in copper (refrigerating element raw materials)/aluminium (in automobile parts) prices in the first half of the year (figure 3) did not bring significant pressure, but some smaller areas, such as paper/plastic packaging, were cost-intensive. At the same time, companies indicated that price-fixing pressures persisted, and were not the main cause of the volatility of the Maori rate in the current quarter.
Cash flow: Accounts receivable, accounts payable (receivables/payables) and days of inventory turnover remained stable. The company continued to spend RMB 178 million on capital expenditure during the quarter, more than 90 per cent of which was spent on spare parts for new energy vehicles.
8 per cent, mainly mid-level managers and technicians, awarded 10.6 million restricted shares (as a proportion of total equity): copper/aluminium prices stabilized in the first half of the year, but the price of plastics rose by 3x05.sz
I, Ducie, hereby state that all the views expressed in this report accurately reflect my personal views on the companies or their securities in question. Moreover, any portion of my salary is irrelevant, irrelevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
The precise calculation of each indicator may vary according to the financial year, industry, and region, but the standard method is as follows: Growth is a combined comparison of next year’s projections with current years’ projections, such as profit per share, ebitda, income, etc. The return is the sum of the year’s projections of capital return indicators, such as croci, the average use of capital.
Rates of return and net asset returns. The valuation multipliers are based on the expected annual valuation ratios, such as market surpluses, dividends, v/fcf, v/ebitda, v/dacf, and net market rates. Volatility is calculated on the basis of 12 months of historical volatility and adjusted for dividends.
We then rate the company against M & As from 1 to 3, of which one represents a higher probability of the company becoming a M & A (30-50 per cent), two has a medium probability (15-30 per cent), and three have a relatively low probability of Qantum quantum, a highly proprietary database that provides specific financial statement data history, projections and ratios that can be used for in-depth analysis of a single company or for comparisons between firms in different industries and markets.
The gssustain gssustain is a global investment strategy that focuses on achieving long-term excess returns by identifying leading firms in high-quality industries. The gssustain50 focus list lists industry leaders that we believe are expected to perform well in the long term vis-à-vis their global counterparts with excellent returns on capital, sustainable competitive advantages and effective management of risks to esg (environmental, social and corporate governance).
Industry is based mainly on a comprehensive quantitative analysis of the performance of enterprises in these three areas. Dusie: a stock industry, Chinese industry. a share industry: avicjohnon, crrccorp.(a), estunautomationco., Han'slaterechnology, Hongfatechnology, lightintelligent, Sanhua.
Intelligentcontols, shanghaistepelectrircorp., shenzheninovancetechnologyco., siasunbot&automationco., Chinese industry: chinarailwaysignal&comm, crccorp. (h), hataian internationalholdings, hollyssautomationteochnologiesltd., zhuzhou crrctimeselectricco....
In the next three months, Goldman Sachs expects to receive or seek compensation for investment banking services from the following companies: sanhuaintelligentcontrols (rmb14.43) Corporate ratings, research industries and ratings and related definitions
The distribution of buying and selling ratings in each industry may vary according to the decision of the Regional Investment Assessment Committee. Moreover, each regional investment assessment committee manages a strong regional buy or sell list, which changes the investment rating of those shares.
Except for (rs): We have suspended investment ratings and price targets for such stocks due to a lack of a sufficient basis to set investment ratings or price targets, or because there are legal, regulatory or policy restrictions on the publication of reports. Investment ratings and price targets for such stocks, where they exist, will no longer be valid, so investors should not rely on such information. (cs): We have suspended research on the company. (nc): we have not studied the company. (nc): we have not studied the company. (na): this information does not exist or does not apply. (nm): This information does not make sense, because it is irrelevant.
This report is distributed in China by the High China Securities Agency, which is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.