60.000 8-inch bottom liner capacity successfully recorded, promising benefits 8-inch bottom line industrialization event: the regulatory platform for online approval of Zhejiang investment project released crystalline electronics.
Submaterials Ltd. produces 600,000 8 inches of carbonated silicon liner grinding line projects per year.
With 600,000 8 inches of sub-filed capacity, the company will have a combined capacity of 900,000, of which 650,000 are 8 inches, and it is expected to benefit fully from the 8 inch carbonated silicon line with a scale effect.
Inch: The shift of the sic linedown to 8 inches is clear, and the national manufacturer is moving well and well. The 8 inch liner reduces the cost of a single chip by 35%, the number of active chips increases by 1.8 - 1.9 times, the margin waste decreases by 20 - 30%, so the manufacturers are all turning to 8 inches.
At present, the country has only four plants with eight inches of bottom-line production technology, namely, Sky-Age, Scintillation, Crystals, Skycolyda, Crystals, many of which are already six inches in production, have been phased out; with this crystal-capacitator production planning, the country is expected to have the highest capacity of 8 inches.
A share of 8-inch carbonated silicon devices has accelerated industrialization. walfspeed has failed to apply for bankruptcy, and the competitiveness of domestic suppliers has improved significantly: because of continuing capacity constraints due to $6.5 billion in debt, he is preparing to apply for bankruptcy in a few weeks.
Wolfspeed sold 6 inches of sic liners in 2022 at a price of $1,500 per piece, and now some of the offers from domestic suppliers have been reduced to less than $400.
Wolfspeed's global share of the sic market has been declining, from 45 per cent in 2020, to a top-secret camp, high-process accuracy & high-end production of the North Qatarham plant.
Crystal & Equipment double-wheel layout, full product lines, e.g. expansive, ion injection, volume testing, etc.: (1) Silicon carbide extenuating equipment: 6-8 inches of silicon long crystal equipment developed, sliced equipment, thinning units.
Prep, polishing and extension equipment, 8-12 inches of constant pressure silicon extension equipment, etc., with double carbon impairment affecting short-term performance and looking at corporate semiconductor silicon extension equipment; (2) carbonated silicon ion injection equipment: in prototype debugging stage, achievable
Real-time restoration of crystal damage and efficient activation of blending agents: (3) carbonated silicon oxidizer/activator, optical detection equipment: bulk delivery has been achieved.  Profit prediction and investment rating: photovoltaic equipment is the first curve of crystallizer electrical growth, second curve
The third curve is silicon carbide and semiconductor equipment.