Precision components, high-process accuracy & high-end product positioning 23/04/2025
▪ Semiconductor manufacturing processes typically take place in a vacuum environment, with very high density and sealability requirements for equipment parts: corrosion machines and pallet axes of thin film equipment, both flat, parallel and sized, with a common accuracy of less than a few dozen microns and a large portion of spare parts, but the accuracy is still high
In addition, the company imports about 200 high-end European and Japanese equipment valued at nearly $1 billion, including 5-axis combined processing centres, 5-face processing centres, etc.
We have imported large-scale dragongate detection equipment capable of detecting large zero pieces of 6 m x 8 m x 2 m and measuring accuracy of 0.3 μm + l per 1,000 μm. With this equipment, companies can manufacture large transmission cavities 4 m long, 2 m wide, 2 m high and a 5-6 m cavity support framework.
The company’s products cover semiconductor equipment vacuum cavities, high-precision zeros, cruise chips, ceramic dishes and main axes, and provide odm services, including design, production, assembly and testing. The company’s products cover semiconductor equipment vacuum cavities, high-precision parts, swimming.
Starflakes, ceramic dishes, and main axes, and the provision of odm services, including design, production, assembly and fertilization of profit predictions and investment ratings: With the deployment of semiconductor equipment in the country, the operation of sophisticated semiconductor parts and components of equipment is expected to accelerate.
"Crystal Power" (300316): 2024: "Depreciation affects short-term performance, good corporate semiconductor." "Crystal Power (300316): new applications of carbonated silicon."
The scene was opened, and the semiconductor manufacturing process was usually conducted in a vacuum, with very high precision and sealability requirements for equipment parts and components.
An etching machine and a pallet axis of thin film equipment with a surface, parallel and dimension accuracy of less than dozens of micrometres and a large portion of spare parts, but still at a fine density of up to the micrometer level.
The company imports about 200 high-end equipment in Europe and Japan valued at nearly $1 billion, including large-scale components of rice x 8 m x 2 m in 5-axis combined processing, measuring accuracy of 0.3 micrometres + 1/1000 micrometres.
The company’s products cover semiconductor equipment vacuum cavity, high precision parts, homogeneity chips, ceramic dishes and main axes, and offer odm services, including design, production, assembly and testing.
Figure 2: The company's precision processing, welding, surface treatment and assembly testing equipment are at an international lead level The company's products cover semiconductor equipment vacuum cavities, high-precision components, cruises, ceramic dishes and main axes, and offer odm services, including design, production, assembly and testing.
Figure 3: The company’s sophisticated processing, welding, surface treatment and assembly and testing equipment are at an international lead level, and as the country’s semiconductor equipment is released, it is expected that the operation of the components of the sophisticated semiconductor equipment will accelerate. But, considering the differences in the landscape of the company’s various plates, we expect the company’s net profit in 25-27 years to be $2,022.27 billion.
Downstream expansion has fallen short of expectations; R & D is not progressing as expected. Three major financial forecasting tables, Crystal Gear, have been approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board (CMSC) and are now qualified for portfolio investment advisory operations.