Three quarters of 2025: short-term perturbations of performance, looking at the long-term impact of short upstream material shortages plus cost impacts, disturbing short-term performance. 25q3 Māori ratio ratio rises. q3 income and profits are slightly lower than market expectations, and we believe that the main factor is: 1) the company ' s three quarters.
The R & D ring ratio increases by $10.63 million, and the other earnings ring decreases by $25.71 million; 2) there is a persistent shortage of eml rims up there, which may affect the production and delivery pace. We consider the upstream material shortage to be a phased factor, and the firm’s long-term performance remains unchanged.
• Overseas headquarters and Thai production capacity are being delivered, and more research and development is being invested to facilitate the arrival of new products. In 2024, the company's New Gabpo Overseas Headquarters platform and Thai production base were shipped, the second phase of the Thai production base project has been completed, and the commissioning and sample production of equipment will be completed in the near future and submitted to the client for certification.
Energy efficiency and orders are expected to increase gradually, and the global resource allocation capacity and the internationalization of the talent team are expected to increase significantly. The company is expected to absorb the needs of large offshore clients by increasing its research and development investment in cutting-edge areas such as silicon light, cpo, etc.
Delivery capacity, increasing the number of high-end product lines landed.
The Division benefited from the follow-up on new demand for new products. Capital expenditure remained strong, and Marvell projected a total of $30 billion in 2025 for four major cloud plants, mainly for the construction of ai data centre and the procurement of accelerators.
Asic is expected to grow rapidly, asic has a slightly lower performance and higher value than gpu card, Wirtschaftsprüfer (300394); 2024 paper and “units of dollars” can buy, needed arithmetic cards and ancillary increases, and investment in cloud plant capital.
2025 Quarterly Review: Performance meets expectations, durations are redistributed or distributed to the industrial chain, and the industrial chain is expected to grow faster than the capital expenditure of the cloud plant. We believe that in the reasoning scenario, a combination of tco, user experience, model capabilities is emerging.
The demand for larger scale scale-up power nodes is expected to be applied gradually in the scale-up scenario, based on advantages such as transmission distance. The company, as a global source + non-sourcer headmaker, is expected to benefit in depth from this industry trend.
▪ Profit forecasts and investment ratings: We basically maintain profit projections, and companies are expected to continue to benefit from industry trends in depth in 2025-2027 and to maintain a “buy-in” rating.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.