On 29 October 2025, the Tianfu communication issued its third quarterly report for 2025, which achieved an operating income of approximately $3.918 billion, an increase of 63.63 per cent over the previous three quarters; and net ownership of shareholders in listed companies.
The company's performance is stable from the same growth ring, and the profitability ring rises.
The net profit of the mother now stands at $566 million, an increase of 75.68 per cent in the same year and 0.80 per cent in the ring; the Māori sales rate is realized; the research assistant, Mr. Chu, is 100 million yuan, an increase of 15.82 per cent in the same year; the main R & D projects are: more applications applied to the cpo-els module.
Development of high-powered lasers in corridors, development of single-wave 200g light launchers, development of multi-channel fibre-optic coupling arrays (fcfau), 800g light-receiving model based on silicon photo technology.
Blocks of product development, suitable for high-power light engine development for 1.6t silicon-optic module. Light module new sharp enterprise, benefiting from a wave. i demand drives a large offshore capex investment \triangleright \triangleright
2. Mobil Communications (300394.sz) 2024 Annual Report Review: Access, current high demand for high-end light modules, 800g class, high demand for high-end products driven by the company as a global high-light module flagship, and corporate profitability
Businesses will benefit from continued depth: the Amazon expects capital spending of approximately $125.0 billion in 2025, higher than 3. Fertilde (300394.sz) semi-annual reporting in 2024. This expenditure is $34.9 billion, higher than the projected $30 billion, and plans to expand the data centre over the next two years.
Aai's performance is over-expected, and the demand for high-speed lightware products is doubled. Oracle is expected to spend as much as $35 billion in capital spending in 2026, an increase of 65 per cent over the same period, mainly for the expansion of the global data centre network. Oracle has also signed a 300 billion-dollar copy with Oenai.
US dollar numeracy procurement contract, which will enter into force in 2027 for about five years. The company’s Thai plant, phase I, is now in production, and phase II is in the process of research and development and customer validation.
Investment proposal: Considering the continuing high demand for high-end light modules driven by the ani, we anticipate that the company is in the process of friction and that the capital expenditure of North American cloud producers is not as high as expected. Methodology and analytical logic leads to findings, independent and objective presentation of the present report and accountability for its content and perspective.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.