The ring is slowing down or missing core, and Nv's release guidelines are increasing - the third quarter of 2025.
On the evening of October 29, 2025, the Fertilde Communication issued its third-quarter report for 2025. In the third quarter of 2025, the company achieved operating income of $3.918 billion, an increase of 63.63 per cent over the previous quarter; and the net profit of the parent achieved a slower growth in the performance ring or due to a lack of core, with costs remaining stable at a lower level.
At the income end, benefiting from the development of artificial intelligence and the increased demand for arithmetic, the global data centre construction led to a steady and sustained increase in demand for high-speed optical devices products, a significant increase in both the income and profit margins of the foil communications, and a certain slowdown in the growth of the ring scale, mainly due to the impact of a shortage of upstream raw materials such as 200geml.
The semi-annual exchange of performance is judged to be mainly due to the rise in the share of unsourced products. Single q3 shows that the company raises 4.3 pct for the level of the Māori ratio. At the cost end, in the first three quarters of 2025, the company’s continued, efficient and robust operation resulted in a cost rate of about 2.24% over the period, which remained stable at a lower level, with sales/management.
The new platform performances of the web series, Rubin+blackwell ' s delivery guidelines were unexpected, and based on information from the gtc conference, the fp4 function of the fp4 platform of the Greateroverarubinnvl144
Expanding to 576. The fp4 reasoning of the Rubinultranvl576 platform will reach 15exaflops, the fp8 training capability of 5exaflops, which is 14 times higher than gb300nvl72. In addition, Yin Weida
As of 28 United States Eastern Time, Weida has now delivered 6 million blackwells, and Blackwell+ Rubin is expected to generate $500 billion in revenue and delivery over the next five quarters (by the end of 2026).
20 million, five times the hopper's life cycle.
The expansion of out-of-country plants is also continuing, and will benefit from the expansion of overseas numeracy infrastructure needs. We anticipate an index of increased friction in international trade, less than anticipated hardware demand and deployment, and risk of macroeconomic fluctuations, with Hong Kong's market benchmark being a permanent index, the United States market benchmark being a standard 500 index or the NASDAQ index, and the new three-board benchmark index being a three-board index (for the protocol transfer).
This report is presented independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner by the author with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association. The data used in my commitment report are based on compliance channels, the logic of which is based on the author’s professional integrity and competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects my research and adoption.