The profits continue to rise, the profits from the porcelain appearances continue to grow, and the Māori rate continues to rise steadily: RMB 3,130 million in sales earnings for the whole year 2017, an increase of 8.39 per cent over the same period. The net profits of shareholders in listed companies are 1,083 million yuan, an increase of 2.29 per cent over the same period.
The net profit was 0.63 dollars, an increase of 1.61%. The 5g commercialization drive and the maturity of the industrial chain provided good expectations for the future growth of the communications industry. The company’s competitive market strategy significantly increased the market share of light communications products.
The sales of semiconductor components, electronic components, electronic components, etc. have increased significantly. The annual Māori rate is 48.6%, an increase of 0.7 percentage points from the same year, and the company has a better Māori rate for new products such as ceramics.
In addition to the restructuring and improvement of the overall product structure, the Māori rate has been raised. The vanguard of telecommunications components is strong, and ceramic appearances have contributed to the growth: sales of ceramic parts for light communications in 2017, revenues of 1.6 per cent increased to $1.3 billion on a year-on-year basis, and companies are maintaining a competitive advantage in the communications components of fist products.
Pro-competitive market strategies have significantly increased the market share of light communication products, while ceramics have become a strong new growth point in corporate business earnings, with a large volume of machine-type de-carrying products.
21.6% to $7.36 million, market demand for transistor frequency components driven by network technology, corporate ceramic envelopes, a gradual increase in the position of the base in the crystal frequency component market, and a steady increase in the order of the company ' s fingerprint recognition system using functional ceramic chips. Electronic component materials increased by 23.0% to $190 million, mainly due to the electronicization of cars.
The development of upgrades, led lighting applications, object networking and smart homes has driven up the demand for a piece of resistance and has effectively boosted the company's pottery base orders and sales.
Expanding the use of ceramics, striving to become an expert in advanced materials: companies have the capacity to build vertical industrial chains from raw materials development, core equipment self-made, tri-ring groups: first-half-year performance pressure, porcelain appetizer values, back-track processing and scale-based production, while continuously re-engineing production lines to improve their self-sufficiency
Motivating efficiency, reducing labour costs, and improving product productivity. Companies have a three-fold advantage in production, process and cost, three-ring grouping: performance is robust in 2016, new product varieties will actively integrate industry quality resources, leverage capital markets, and use “material+” as a business strategy to make them operational.
“Advanced material experts” with a core competitive advantage. Ceramic appetizers are an important competition for differentiation among end-makers.
The Division is an enterprise that has a vertically integrated manufacture of ceramic rear caps from powder, formation, sintering, back-trail processing to surface treatment, and three rings: hands-on, sophisticated co-construction of ceramic-looking products, which occupy a high profit point and will benefit in depth from the promotion of ceramic-looking products.
(a) Lines, smart terminal applications to re-open new growth areas, three ring groups: three-quarterly reports with robust growth for new products, the risk of market competition for alternative products; and changes in the route of ceramic-based processing technologies;
The company's sales earnings rose by 8.39 per cent to RMB 3,130 million in 2017, and the Māori rate was 48.6 per cent, up from 48.6 per cent in 2017, while competing for components of communications with fists, further increasing the market share of the major products, with a good growth pattern in the sale of multiple products and a steady increase in performance. While the market for existing products is growing well, the company's business strategy is based on “material plus”
Positioning, actively promoting the development of new products and the opening of new markets. (i) The profits from the 2017 harvest continued to rise, with a steady increase in the Māori rate and a total annual sales revenue of RMB 3,130 million in 2017, an increase of 8.39 per cent over the previous year.
Growing up, providing good expectations for the future growth of the telecommunications industry. The company’s competitive market strategy has significantly increased the market share of light communication products.
The net profits of shareholders in listed companies increased by 2.29 per cent from the same year to 0.63 dollars per share, or 1.61 per cent from the same year.
The company’s Māori rate was 48.6% in 2017, an increase of 0.7 percentage points in the same year, and the company’s Māori rate for new products for ceramics, combined with the restructuring and improvement of the overall product structure, which raised the Māori rate. The company’s financial cost rate rose by 0.8 percentage points in the same year.
The increase in the management cost rate of 0.8 percentage points in relation to the same year was due mainly to the increase in the salary benefit entitlements of the company and a slight decrease in the sales cost rate of 0.1 percentage points to 1.6 per cent in relation to the previous three years, as shown in figure 4: changes in the main cost rates over the past three years.
In 2017, the company had 120 working days on accounts receivable, 60 working days on inventory and 1 0.17 billion yuan in operating income for accounts payable in the fourth quarter of the year 33,2017, an increase of 7.4 per cent over the same period, attributable to the net profit of shareholders in listed companies. Figure 9: Operating income and growth over the past 12 quarters
Figure 10: Net profit and growth over the last 12 quarters The company ' s Māori ratio was 49.0 per cent in the fourth quarter of 2017, an increase of 0.6 percentage points over the same period. Figure 11: Profitability over the last 12 quarters
In terms of product layout, companies are mainly engaged in the development, production and sale of electronic ceramic components and new materials, mainly communications components, semiconductor components, electronic component materials, electronic components, compressor components, fuel cell components, new materials, etc.
Production and R & D, where company products are mainly used in electronics, telecommunications, consumer-type electronics, industrial electronic equipment and new energy sources. (i) Communications components are well established and ceramic appearances contribute to the growth momentum. Revenue from sales of photocommunication ceramic parts in 2017 amounted to $1.3 billion, compared to 1.6 per cent, and companies are maintaining the boxing product communications department.
A competitive advantage, a proactive market strategy, has significantly increased the market share of light communication products, while ceramic appearances have become a new growth point in corporate business earnings in multi-machine-type de-carrying products. The sales of semiconductor components have increased by 21.6 per cent to 736,000 yuan on a year-on-year basis.
Gradually, the company’s fingerprinting system has grown steadily with functional ceramic orders. Electronic component materials have risen by 23.0% over the year to $190 million, mainly because of the upgrading of car electronics, the development of led lighting applications, material networking and smart homes, which have driven the demand for tablets and resistance, which have effectively boosted the company’s pottery base orders and sales.
With regard to the product breakdown of Māori, the company ' s photocommunication ceramic parts were 54.2 per cent, an increase of 1.5 percentage points over the same period, mainly due to a larger increase in the Māori-higher porcelain look-out business and the restructuring and improvement of the product structure to optimize overall Māori. The Māori share of semiconductor components was 40.6 per cent, a decrease of 4.5 percentage points over the same period, and 44.6 per cent for electronic components, an increase of 2.2 percentage points over the same period.
(ii) New business growth for domestic clients, with a recovery in domestic market share 82.8 per cent of total corporate domestic market sales revenue in 2017, an increase of 3.5 percentage points compared to 2016, mainly due to new business growth by firms based on the consolidation of domestic customers. The share of overseas market revenues was 17.2 per cent.
(iii) Future development strategies and business plans: expansion of ceramic applications in an effort to become advanced material specialists
For almost half a century, after many years of technological innovation, technological upgrading and management excellence, the company has evolved into an integrated grouping of materials, products, equipment development and manufacturing, based on new functional ceramics and electronic ceramic components. The company actively integrates high-quality industrial resources and leverages capital markets, using “materials plus” as a business strategy.
A “advanced material expert”, with a core competitive advantage, has the capacity to manufacture vertical industrial chains from raw materials research and development, core equipment home-made, back-processing and scalding production, continuously re-engineer production lines at the same time, increase automation efficiency, reduce labour costs and improve product productivity.
With sustained innovation, companies will move with industry to a more intelligent future. In the new year, firms will progress steadily along the lines of established development strategies.
Through the continuous implementation of larger-scale technological adaptations and scale-up, strong, large-scale and excellent existing main business products, step by step to increase industrial concentration, consolidate and expand the “right to speak” in competition between domestic and foreign counterparts; development of new ceramic material applications, development of smart terminals and smart-tailored products, ceramic appearances and modules, and integration of excellence in the industrial chain
Qualitative resources, taking advantage of the company ' s technological, scale-based production advantages in the advanced ceramic materials industry, to break through the bottlenecks in the industrial chain and to do a large-scale ceramic look and module operation. (2) Medium- and long-term development strategy
Upgrading the industrial structure, developing and producing in quantities an array of advanced ceramic materials and products linked to emerging strategic industries such as low-carbon industries, energy-efficient industries and green and green industries, and making them company-based products.
End-of-life applications to create an internationally influential brand of “advanced material experts” technology.
The share will continue to rise; with the increase in the production capacity of the front channel powder and the progress of the process, the penetration rate of the smart terminals will increase rapidly, and the volume of products sold will increase significantly. In the company’s semiconductor components, the extensive application and rapid push of the network technology will drive the company’s ceramic envelope base over crystals.
The product advantage of the component market has been further expanded, the market occupancy rate has gradually increased, and the use of functional ceramic chips for fingerprint recognition systems for stable orders, the upgrading of car electronics materials, the expansion of the led lighting application landscape, the development of a network of goods and the promotion of smart homes will expand the market space for ceramic tablets.
In terms of profitability, the price of company communications components luminous telecommunications products will be stabilized and the maturity of ceramic visual technology will increase the Māori rate, which overall will increase steadily due to changes in product structure. In terms of costs, the overall cost of the company will decline as the scale of production and sales expands.
The company will continue to maintain a certain capital investment as the SCP moves forward. Ceramic exteriors are not growing as much as expected in the end market; Production is expanding at a slower rate than expected;
(a) Market competition risks for other alternative products;