The management changes the boots and re-forms the dynamic of the organization.
Food drinks, white wines, and Wei Li Wenhua.
The company's announcement: the company issued a bulletin on the appointment of senior company managers, and appointed Mr. Lee Pei Jie as the company's deputy general manager and no longer as the company's assistant general manager; appointed Mr. Wang Huai as the company's deputy general manager and general accountant; appointed Mr. Zhang Young-jae as the company's deputy general manager and no longer as the company's deputy general manager.
As an assistant director-general of the company, Mr. Song Yapang was appointed assistant director-general of the company and resigned as director-general of the company, and Mr. Xu Zhifeng was appointed director-general of the company.
With the continued faster growth of the chalice tap, and the maintenance of previous profit projections, we expect the company to have its 2023-2025 harvest, its management's boots on the ground, its internal pattern re-engaging the organization, its announcement of 6 February 2024, which means that the company's management changes are largely over, and the subsequent company will gradually enter the "managership."
This change in corporate management, with a degree of internal re-engineering, is expected to greatly stimulate organizational dynamism and the subjective dynamics of the marketing workforce. In 2024, the company will undertake a major change in the human and organizational dimensions: 1) staffing, leading to a third-party inspection mechanism, freeing marketing and locally recruited personnel from heavy process work; 2) organizational fission, which is not mature.
The same markets are organized in an orderly manner to fine-tune the particle size of the regional market; 3) strategic thinking, systematically raising the performance of the marketing team, strategic thinking, etc., to achieve coherence between regional development and corporate corporate goals as a whole. With the re-engineering of the Quasa Renaissance Strategy, companies are expected to move towards a strategic opportunity period.
In 2023, Sansai made an internal organizational remodel, and, on the basis of the Department of Marketing and Management, the Department of Saffron Industries and Data Management created an organizational profile for the reform and nationalization of Xiaohua 30. In terms of the pace of operation, Bo decided on the bottom line for the company’s development, and the 30-story rejuvenation decided on the upper limit for the company’s development, making channel reform, cost reform, and reform of the high-end drinking operating model the main theme of marketing in 2024.
In 2024, the company upgraded the co-construction project in Shanxi Province to a “happiness” and made it available to the entire country, thereby strengthening the reform of the company’s end-building and fee-investment model.
Acupunctures are better organized, branded, and channeled, and corporate development is expected to usher in a period of strategic opportunity. The spring season is well under way, and performance growth in 2024 is more certain.
In terms of repayment progress, we expect corporate repayments to be 25% + in January, and quarterly returns to be assured. In terms of real sales, Spring 2024 was a divided year, with companies taking the initiative to ease their development pressures in the provinces and rely more on the market south of the Ring of the Yangtze River.
With performance targets, Bo has significantly reduced the cost of entering the company’s out-of-country market as a high-turning, high-manufacturing Maori variety, Xiaohua 20 has begun to cut into the out-of-town market with its own higher value for money, and the old white-collar series is expected to be upgraded.
Increased competition; less than expected recovery of demand; policy risks, etc. Author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, is independent, objective, impartial and free from any third party ' s approval or influence; authors have not studied it in the past, now or in the future