There's a lot of ways to raise brand heat, and the new model is going to move on in an orderly way.
According to the Chinese News Network, on 19 March, the “Simultanium 2024 Bottle Town Tour” was launched in Chengdu, “simultaneously” and “simultaneously”.
The event was also launched with the aim of connecting wine to create a single market space for sharing, dating friends, microbots, music, and writing, and to test with the community the "drunkness" of the new Kawachi. The company's policy is to embrace the young.
Consumers, raising brand heat in a variety of ways. An orderly advance in the ceremonial model is expected to improve the health of the channel system. (1) The company introduced the ceremonial ceremonial model in the fourth quarter of 2023, which is a new channel model and a control board profit model.
In the case of compost markets, for example, 24 years of ceremonial pleasures, based on different levels of courtesy, have introduced seven major benefits: spring festivals, birthdays, New Springs, and intoxicated China.
Year, work start, spring agreement, and courtesy reward. (2) Reviewing the past decade, whether industry is at a peak or a low point, wine better defends the interests of distributors, which makes it easier for distributors to accept the new model.
In a positive response, a number of client events have been organized on the theme of "By the best of the best." The company’s ability to control channels and invest in costs is expected to be more efficient.
The team is actively pursuing an early marketing conference that will set the stage for the year 2024, with core-priced products enjoying an increase in demand in the public table market. We expect overall sales to be better in the first quarter, with a low stock of channels and a faster growth of more than 20% in corporate revenue.
Look, the multi-priced gin is going to be a major growth point, especially at the sub-high end, and we're going to find that at this stage, 20 and 25 are going to be growing faster, and 30 are going to be able to get better in the future. Look at the sub-region, where the market is so refined, the depth of nationalization is moving forward, and the growth is going to be determined.
Strong. At this stage of the upward trend, the dividends of the reform are still being released, the channel system is healthy, sales are being made on the basis of the market price of March 26, 2024, sales team capacity is being tested, marketing activities are proceeding in an orderly manner, and we expect a small harvest in 2024.
The pace of growth continues to lead the industry over the next two years.
Macroeconomic fluctuations affect the demand for white wine.
Chart 2. Sites of the Margarita City Tour