We've recently joined the Shanxi Liquor Investor Exchange, where the company's leadership is working on the whole operation.
Industry changes have led to a change in the industry ' s pattern, and Qing Lilong Head wine is expected to pass through the cycle.
2) There are currently very few products with a profit-making effect, such as flying in the skyscrapers, boars, etc., and the profit-making effect has a demonstration effect, which is an important moment for obtaining substantial resources at the lower stage of the industry; 3) Bolivia series and market data: 6 March 2024
Saffron 20, a combination of popular and sub-high-end markets, produces multiplier effects, of which at 400 sub-high-end price bands, 20 of which now have a certain amount of physical advantage, and saffron with strong brand power and product peak/minimum in the year:
In the lower cycle, the Bolivia has been re-allocated and the pre-Bobo quota has been concentrated in internal circulationa shares/total equity (billions): Mongolia, Shandong and Henan, north of the Yangtze River, are now reallocated to the Yangtze area.
Market value of circulation a (billions): South, speed up the break-up to the south of the Yangtze market: 4) Qingixiang Xinxin flag, triggering the pace of upgrading for a clearly graded distillation of the wine body.
The company is working on a general framework based on eight programmes. Basic data: 30 September 2023, based on the marketing of wine, is about the stock of the botanium, 20 must break through, 30 in the medium term, and 30 in the science.
Marketing, etc., is a way of catching up, strengthening the learning and institutional reforms for system development, taking stock and synthesizing, and finding ways to improve and optimize. 1) Saffron 20 is an all-round growth, currently starting with the growth of business scenes (e.g. feasts, hotels, etc.), while looking for them.
To close the gap between opportunity and competition, it is expected to achieve a full increase in the price; (2) The Saffron Department is currently established to operate high-end on more than 30 Saffron products, with emphasis on top-level design, tilting of resources, implementation of incremental actions, increased process evaluation, etc., to achieve a three-fold better sales/price/model maturity
The remodelling and reorganization of channels has led to increased competitiveness, which has contributed to the development of 50 billion tons of wine.
The new model guarantees the profits of the channel and the end, followed by the closeness of the manufacturer, distributor and terminal through cultural restoration and empowerment, with the hope that it will rise to the organizational level.
(ii) Increasing the capacity of marketing organizations through the public recruitment of 120 highly qualified personnel, thereby increasing the ability of companies to operate high-end white wine. 3) The company continues to do deep work on its original products and plans to launch ultra-high-end green wine in 2024.
Profit forecasting, valuation analysis and investment recommendations: short-term performance in corporate spring operations, healthy corporate \triangleright channels, and pace of return and delivery. Medium- and long-term view of corporate product high-end + canals
The goal of nationalization is clear and the performance is certain. Therefore, as the product is upgraded, the effects are highlighted and management is optimized, profit increases are higher than income increases, and net interest rates are expected to continue to be reasonably justified. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I am not, for no reason, nor will it be recommended specifically in this report.
The opinion or opinion is in any form directly or indirectly compensated.