Qing Qing Xianglong's leadership continues, and the organization supports high-quality growth - a study of the company's dynamics at Shanxi Liquor (60809.sh).
With regard to the sanss@cfsc.com.cn product, based on springtime sales feedback, X-20 maintains a pattern of release outside the province, with excellent opening rates and a higher end thrust; X-25 continues to benefit from the province.
Product upgrades, consumption scenes are steadily expanding to high-end feasts, and feedback on the core is better. We think that the better reason for the product’s marketing is: (i) the power of the channel, the willingness to pay back, the willingness to pay back, and (ii) the continued flavour and consumer acceptance.
Since the introduction last October of the new channel model, the company has increased its control over end profits and prices, effectively improving the efficiency and motivation of the channel. At the same time, the company insists on the healthy quality of the channel, and is paying back.
The high-end strategy is firmly pursued, high-quality development is steadily moving forward, and this year, companies will choose the opportunity city to increase the profile of the 30th.
For example, in the first-tier cities up the North, we'll be able to increase the amount of resources available through branding, culture building, and focus on price maintenance to achieve better sales/prices/models.
Three objectives. In terms of management efficiency, through the import of digital products, companies will further improve their effectiveness in market analysis, consumer decision-making, terminal management, and classification. We believe that firm performance growth is more certain, but with a strong channel.
In view of the culture of high-end products, the foundation is laid, and the pattern of channels and product innovation leads to an increase in the efficiency of the organization, which is expected to sustain its growth. 1, Shanxi Liquor (60809): High-level tube change
We have a long-standing interest in the company's ability to lead the process of quenching with the vanity of the fragrance and the vanity of the vanity, with full price-coated product rotations maintaining steady growth in performance.
The high-quality growth of the Qing Xianghua Dragon Head 2023 - The macroeconomic downside risks, the undergrowth of the Saffron 20, the progress of the gifted Bounty, and the recovery of the Saffron 30 batches.
Presentation by the Food and Beverage Group: Sunshan Mountain: Master of Economics, six years of research experience in food and beverage sellers, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry, focus on the drink plate, in-depth study of the white wine industry, etc.
In the short and medium term, a share of the potential; in thinking about the white wine board, there is an in-depth market for the Su wine; in June 2023, Sha Yannan: Master of Arts from Hunan University, Graduated in Finance, joined the Chinese Securities Study. Xiaobang State: Master of Arts from the Chinese University of Hong Kong, cfa: 3 years of study in the food and beverages industry, covering beer and halogen
I do not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or because of, or because of specific suggestions or opinions in this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the projection of a stock or industry index vis-à-vis the main indicators of the relevant securities market illustrates that: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes: a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreed transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer)
The Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
Yes, but without any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information. We have tried to report its contents objectively and impartially, but the information and views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, which do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financials, and the persons to whom this report is based.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.