I'm looking forward to a fine management upgrade in the spring season.
Food drinks, white wine ii, to Wei Li Wenhua.
On February 21, 2024, the Liquor Marketing Company held a 2024 rally to raise awareness of the marketing of wine. In 2024, the wine was actively planned within the overall framework of the eight programmes and, from the marketing point of view, from the "Bolican stock, the 20th breakthrough, the 30th in the medium term, and the science for marketing."
In order to improve the performance of the project, it is necessary to strengthen the process of learning and institutional reform, with a view to developing the system, taking a comprehensive overview and synthesizing it, and finding ways to improve and optimize it: 1) The capacity of the country to manage its channels has been strengthened, and the stability of its 20 price systems has been a bright spot. 2) The 30-year Renaissance Spring Festival has been better marketed, and top-level design has been continuously optimized in 2024. 3) Liquor or secondary distribution of its resources has continued to be viewed as a channel, end-no.
In 2023, the company’s main task was to focus on filling up the short board of the channel, following up on the distributor’s grade management, cost reform, and ceremonial treatments. From spring to spring, it's going to grow.
In addition to the reasons for the demand, we find a number of bright spots: 1) the year needs to close the price gap between the 20 flowers and the competition, with a year-round dimension, or a year-round increase in volume. So, in medium-term dimensions, Shanxi wine is either a target for a few channels of management, price control board capacity and systematic governance.
In 2024, the top-level design was continuously optimized. In the short run, under brand pull, the top-level feedback was relatively good. From the 2024 plan, it was expected that the bottom-top 30-year-old would maintain the price ratio (price and bid spread the gap) in the short term and work to achieve better sales, better prices, mature models, and set from the top.
Second, cultural wine is the bottom logic of the 30-year-old Renaissance, and it is expected that the company will follow through with a matrix of rich regenerative products. The wine or the beneficiaries of secondary distribution of channel resources will keep looking for channels, terminals, and fission.
We believe that there will be a secondary allocation of channel resources for each round of industry adjustment. On the margins, Shanxi wine has a variety of high-morigin turnovers, such as Xiaohua 20 or Bochi, or is expected to benefit from the current round of industry adjustment.
The authors ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels, and that the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion, and that the results of the analysis are consistent with the results of the study.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author