• Events: We recently participated in the Shanxi Liquor Investors Exchange, where company leaders provided detailed answers to the concerns of investors during the Spring Festival regarding overall sales performance, product planning, digital construction, etc.
The marketing rhythm is well controlled, and the door opens to play the New Year's medal. The company has been planning for annual sales since 23m10, keeping the spring channel policy in place, with a greater focus on promoting the creation of a system of homogeneity, with the aim of creating a long-term mechanism for harmonizing the prices of end-use sales and optimizing the price board system.
The annual open-door return has been steadily advancing, with the pace of progressing within and outside of the country, maintaining good inventory, while driving sales to achieve faster growth in the industry. Of this amount, Xianqing was the first to achieve a double price increase in the spring and a fast recovery to 360+; and the recovery has been smoothing the price policy from 23q4
Since then, the success of 24o1 has gradually increased in some areas to $820-830. Overall, the rum channel has grown upwards, the market base has been well-developed, the close-knit supplier relationship has been congregated, and the year-round growth has become more visible, and the quarterly report has been positive.
▪ The product matrix has a lot of energy and a series of sparks have led to development. The company's products are clearly configured, the potential of the existing ones is wide, and the structural emphasis is still on strengthening their leadership. 1) The 20:2023 SCM capacity and channel control has been significantly improved, and future plans are to further narrow the gap with competition prices.
To strengthen growth dynamics. 2) Sunflower 30 Renaissance: Create a dedicated department to foster more, more price thinking, and mature model. Pre-suming Xian meeting for Quantifications, Value Expressions, Shanxi Wine (600809), three major players together.
Targeted programmes are proposed on issues such as resource deployment: 1 region with clear indicators and action requirements for the 30th Saffron Renaissance, with clear quantitative appraisals to facilitate top-level planning landings. 2 Strengthening the 30th to 20th image and brand value gap, further highlighting the quality table for the recovery as a high-end product with a 1,000-bit belt
3 Resources to focus on the focus areas: Selecting Deep Consumption Up North: The Shanxi Liquor (600809); Three Seasons Up to 2023: Markets with Top Tops, Saffron Bases, or Competitions. 3) Super-high-end products: Original Products
Performance rating: O3 takes the initiative to control the goods, Qingixiang is able to continue to do deep work, and in 2024 it is also planned to launch a forward-looking layout of super-high-end cyanolia, with the aim of extending the product categories upwards and promoting structural upgrading.
Since the introduction of nationalization in 23q4, he has been successfully tested during the spring season of 2024, followed by a five-yard upgrade of the products of the young 20 and the waist, which will contribute better to the digitalization of the process.
Unlike the rest of the liquor industry, the system for the distribution of ceremonial fees does not depend on the swab rate, the bottle caps do more in order to collect real open data and thus achieve artificial intelligence analysis, membership building, end-of-life profit predictions and investment ratings: positive feedback from corporate spring sales, efficient and pragmatic management, marketing
To move forward with the re-enactment, considering the continued release of the Qing Kao dividend, the nationalization of the wine, the abundance of the product matrix, the speed and quality of the company's development, and the slight increase in our return to our mother from 2023-2025, Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.