Sansai wine (600809.sh) enhances stock management and seeks incremental optimization.
Food drinks, white wine ii, Zhang to Wei Li Wenhua
On 21 March 2024, a meeting of the Advisory Committee on the “Scientific Marketing for New Growth” was held in Chengdu to promote the idea of food and drink in the country: 1) The momentum of sales continued in the first quarter, with the flower 20 entering the non-linear growth zone. 2) The promotion of the “Handings” is progressing well.
In 2024, companies or enhanced stock management continued to seek incremental optimization. 4) Investment proposal: maintain this: maintain a “buy-in” rating, taking into account that Shanxi wine is moving into a high-power development phase.
During the spring of 2024, with a recovery in popular consumption demand, Shanxi wine was still growing at a high rate, and the indicators of refunds, sales, bulk prices, bank deposits, etc. were among the benign areas, and we expect to achieve an average annual growth rate of more than one quarter. Of these, the Shanghai region, with 2023q4 terminals combed and fake terminals removed, was able to achieve a high rate of growth in the 20th and 20th of the month’s cut-off in some of the channels.
After the 20-minute block price comparison, there is a trend towards higher prices. During the Spring Festival, under pressure from January (the month when supply and demand were wrongly matched), the 20-point price system is much more stable than expected, and we expect to be mainly 20-year-olds, starting with a single business scene that grew from the past to multiple scenes of growth (e.g., the feast, the gift market, etc.) and into non-linear growth zones.
In November 2023, the company launched a comprehensive campaign to promote “happiness”, followed by end-classification, matching supply relationships, collating end-profit models, strengthening the organization of the plant's management capacity for price plates and terminals.
A major Chinese firm, after overhauling its internal organizational structure and following the transformation of the manufacturer’s marketing, achieved a 70% increase during the Spring Festival. Markets across the country, or successively, are emerging models of vendor reform, and companies have identified new models of supplier collaboration to provide a solid basis for comprehensive follow-up.
In 2024, the company, or enhanced stock management, continuously sought incremental optimization. In the last year’s internal management enabling, the company began a healthy and robust period in the first quarter, and actively prepared for the expansion.
Second, in 2024, the company made some changes to the old ones and built basic products. In 2024, the company made incremental plans to further optimize the structure of its products, based on the cultural values of Song and his replacement workshops, or in the development of new products, ownership, and promotion of the old wine. Second, the 30th Renaissance, the 20th Saffron, was reduced by the demand of the increment, or was expected to further enhance the inner sense of value and to create a higher value.
• Investment proposals: Shanxi wine moves into a high-performance development phase, maintaining a “buy-in” rating, increasing competition; demand recovery is less than expected; policy risks, etc. Shanxi wine (600809.sh) - proactive control of the pace of operations, focusing on the quality of performance growth - 2023-10-28
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject