-Sonss@cfsc.com.cn
The management changes have resulted in the general manager of the sales company being the deputy director-general of the company: 1) appointed Mr. Lee Pei-jee as deputy director-general and no longer as assistant director-general; and Mr. Wang Huai as deputy director-general and accountant-general.
2) Mr. Zhang Young-jau is appointed Deputy General Manager and no longer holds the position of Assistant General Manager; Mr. Song Ya Peng is appointed Assistant General Manager and resigns as Supervisor. 3) Mr. Xu Zhi Feng is appointed Secretary of the Board of Trustees.
Mr. Ming resigned as a member of the Board of Directors, Accountant General, Member of the Strategic Committee and Board of Auditors, and subsequently ceased to hold any post in the company. (2) As a result of the reorganization of his work, Mr. Wang Tao ceased to hold the post of Secretary of the Board of Directors of the company and was appointed to another position.
We think the stock of wine is relatively benign, deep digitalization and terminal management, the market is healthy, and the pressure on the channel is relatively low.
Worried, q1 remains optimistic and has a strong year-round performance. We have long seen the company lead the fragrant ups and ups and ups, with full-priced product rotations keeping up the steady ups and ups and downs.
High-quality head development, high-performance timing, 2, Shanxi Liquor (60809): profit margin, downside risk, 20 Saffron growth less than expected, gifted production progress
Super-expected, high-quality growth of Qing Xianghua Dragon Head 2023 - Unexpected, 30 bouquets of Saffron not recovered as expected, etc. 3 Shanxi Liquor (60809): Performance instruments
Sunshan: Master of Economics, six years of food and beverage sellers' research experience, full coverage of the food and beverage industry.
Focus on the drink plate, study in depth of the white wine industry, etc., has been employed in the Qin securities, the New Age securities, and the country's short- and medium-term potential.
Liaoyan State: Master of Arts, cfa, 3 years of research in the food and beverage industry at the Chinese University of Hong Kong, covering the areas of beer, halogen, and wine.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.