The head of the fragrant dragon is rejuvenating, and the wine lord looks forward, and he's on the market for more than twenty-five miles, with the fragrant dragon head stick.
Sunss@cfsc.com.cn, which sits in the city of Ying Bin Sichuan, was listed in 1998. As of 2024h1, the accumulated cash share amounted to $941.39 billion, which is 81 times the amount of investment fund raised on the market.
In an era of price increases, high-end wines are over two, they have over 90% of the high-end wines, and a strong-power situation has been created.
Brand end: The competition will be famous for wine, and the king of wine will be known overseas. At the end of the product end: unique brewing processes, clear product systems, stability of the basic five-food fluids, and a series of wines. Price end: volume rotation, strategy shift from leader to leader.
At the end of the pipeline: the big business model began, and the channel became more balanced, with a focus on the establishment of specialized stores.
1. Downside macroeconomic risks; 2) Growth in the season is not as high as expected; 3) lot prices go up 1 and are on the market for nearly 30 miles, with strong dragon head poles on the market at 1.1.00 century, growing into strong dragon head
The company sits in the city of Yibin, Sichuan Province, forming a product system that is represented by a series of wines of five grains, five grains of fragrance, and an ecological wine of the Senlin, the dominant product of which is China's typical white wine representative and famous national brand. The main product, the "5 grains of wine" is a typical representative of our strong white wine, based on the characteristics of the production process and the market.
The company operates a global market layout with marketing areas, marketing areas in more than 30 provinces (autonomous regions, municipalities) and international marketing centres in Europe, the Americas, Asia and the Pacific and more than 100 countries and regions around the world.
The company was founded on 21 April 1998 by a reform of the Iobin Five Food and Wine Factory in Sichuan Province, which effectively controls a double-digit growth of hundreds of millions of yuan, up from 17.5% in 28 years, and maintains an overall double-digit growth. The combined profits of the inter-bank collection and repatriation net profit have increased by more than 15%, and the company, thanks to steady growth over the last 30 years, has become a strong brand of white wine.
1.2. The state capital holding platform is stable, with a steady increase in recent years, and the state holding shares is stable and the ownership is very clear. The real control of the company is the State Finance Committee of the City of Euibin, which together holds 54.92% of the shares of the company listed as the first shareholder. 99% of the company owns 5% of the shares.
Liquefiers Co. Ltd., 95% holding the five grains and liquids sales company, 95% holding the five grains and liquids and wines company, 90% holding the five grains and fluids and new retail management company, Ltd. Total cash dividends represent not less than 70% of the net profits of the mother during the year, and not less than $20 billion per company (including taxes);
The annual cash share can be divided or repeated (i.e., annual, medium-term, special dividends). Since the company's listing, the rate has steadily increased. Since 2024, the market has focused more on listed companies as a result of continued downswings and weak consumption.
The total annual cash dividend distributed by the company is no less than 75 per cent of the net profit of the mother in the year, and the annual cash fraction is split twice a year (annual and medium-term).
2.1. The overall increase in the size of the white wine and the trend towards brand differentiation are evident. The production of white wine has been shrinking for a long time, and the short-term growth ring has rebounded. In January-June 2024, the total volume of white wine production was 2,144.7 million, while total income and profits have been on the rise.
The White Liquor industry as a whole has maintained its “volume-deflated” performance, with a consistent contraction in production and a robust increase in earnings. The White Liquor industry as a whole has grown steadily, has been concentrated at both the higher and the lower ends of the industry, and is now experiencing an environmental impact on consumption as a whole. More branding and awareness have taken the lead in the construction of channels and consumer intellectual development, and the overall pattern is now stable.
Sub-high-end liquor companies have expanded rapidly over the past few years in the form of large monolithic national stores, over-reliance on canals, which has led to weak down-cycle resistance in the industry, with current internal performance splits; local brands and channels of real estate wine are strong, and are now benefiting from a 100-300-dollar public price band on a more full-time basis.
The alcohol industry continues to concentrate on the head, and the share of the marketed liquor business has continued to rise. In 2023, the share of the listed liquor industry in the overall white industry was 65.12%, compared to the year 2017 +35.98 pcts, and the share of the listed liquor business in the stock has increased significantly.
The competition and head concentration trends are expected to continue. The internal performance of the publicly traded liquor companies has also been divided, with high-end liquor, sub-high-end wine, and higher-structured real-estate wine, such as the present world’s Ingagon.
High-end alcohol has been growing in double digits, and the city’s share has been rising steadily. Because of the unique nature of white wine itself, and the statistical data on the market are stored in different calibres, we use authoritative data as much as possible to analyse it. According to the National Statistics Office and the Li Watanks, high-end alcohol has increased from 51.2 billion yuan in 2017 to 95.2 billion yuan in 2021 and is expected to increase to 166.4 billion yuan in 2026.
China’s high-end white wine market is largely dominated by the five countries, of which Mao is the only one, with five grain fluids and a national cellar of 1573 following, showing a pattern of “one-by-two” competition. Super-high-end competition is under way.
The price of 1,000 yuan is mainly a five grain fluid and a 1573 state cellar. In addition, other high-end wines include the Qinghuas, Qinghuas, m9 and Internals. According to forward-looking economics, the five countries together now account for about 94% of the high-end liquor market, of which about 57% are at the top, 30% are at the top, 1573 is at the top, and the high-level wine is a preponderant.
The Māori rate for the high-end products in the old cellar and the high-end products of the other mainstream liquor companies is also significantly higher than the medium-grade ones.
In addition, during the period of readjustment in the white industry in 2013-2014, the rate of increase in the high-end alcohol harvest was less volatile, and it remained stable in the 2022 market environment, where the epidemic was frequent. High-end liquor and the industry were adjusted with a strong alcohol company that naturally had the advantage of high consumer awareness and a high oral effect, and that did not need to be invested at the high-end pricing.
Multi-channel construction costs can attract consumers by relying on the strong diffusion of the product itself, as well as the higher profitability of prices that are less sensitive, easier to transfer, more effective, and collectively make up high-end alcohol. We believe that the barriers to high-end alcohol competition are rooted in their brands, followed by high-quality production and price strategies.
High-end white wine needs to better meet consumers’ needs for spiritual and social attributes, so brand power must be the most important determinant, and whether or not a product has a high-end brand gene fundamentally determines whether or not it can maintain a high-end price belt. High-end brand genes are scarce, rooted in deep historical roots, unique brand culture, and are the most nuclear in high-end white wine.
The competition barriers of the heart. New brands have been emerging in the high-end white market in recent years, but only products with real high-end brand attributes can emerge from increasingly competitive high-end markets, and alcohol companies need to have adequate production capacity and the right pricing strategies to penetrate the high-end market in the long run from top-level strategic design.
3 - The rejuvenation of the fragrant dragon head, and the improvement of governance can be seen at 3.1, brand end: the competition won the title of wine, and the King of Liquor was founded in 1959 as the “Idebin Five Feathers” factory. In 1951, it was launched by Ming Dynasty's “Windford Fon” mill.
"Likawa Young", the two most popular neighborhoods of Ying-hwan, joined together to form a "Big Curves". In 1952, Ei-Bing was founded on the basis of the "Big Cubes".
The company Sichuan, Sichuan Province, Inc., was officially named the “Eibin Five Food and Wine Factory” on 12 March 1959. In April 1994, Iibin Five Food and Wine Factory was registered as an enterprise legal person and was issued a business licence from the Eibin Chamber of Commerce and Industry Administration. In August 1997, it was approved by the Sichuan People's Government and approved by the Sichuan People's Government, the Eibin Five Food and Wine Factory in Sichuan Province.
In August 1995, at the 50th International Conference on Statistics, held in Beijing, IQD V sold 1,260.99 million yuan in 1994, with a total interest tax of $402.98 million, with two indicators being the national counterpart.
First, it was awarded by the Chinese Organizing Committee of the General Assembly, the National Bureau of Statistics, and the China Business Evaluation Centre to the “China Liquor Industry King” as well as Panama’s Golden Exposition Award in 1915. Since reform and opening up, it has been awarded a prize.
Since the creation of the new China, we have organized five national wine fairs, which have produced four wines, eight wines, eight wines, 13 wines, and seventeen wines, with five names. Five grains have won the title of wine at five wine fairs, and so the gene has been born.
The brand has also been evaluated by third-party institutions in recent years, and companies continue to be highly valued. On 17 January 2024, Brandfinance, an international authority brand value assessment agency, released a list of " Brand finance 2024 with a high global brand value of 500 " , during the Davos Forum in Switzerland. The five grain brand strength index (bsi) scored 90.7 points.
On 19 June, the Worldbrandlab published the list and analysis of China ' s 500 Best Values in 2024, and the five grain fluids ranked 15th on the list of brand values at $4,49.872 billion.
10.16 per cent, with seven consecutive years of double-digit growth and a rating of 2024 as the best-performing brand, on 24 July, the " Brandfinance 50 top brands of the world ' s most valuable liquor brands in 2024 " was launched.
On September 25, the Asian Brand Congress, hosted by the World Brand Laboratories, was held in Hong Kong, China, at which the annual report Asia Brand 500, 2024, was launched and 20 Asian brands and territories were selected.
The 30th place on the list, one higher than last year, continues to lead the white and wine industry in China, which has been on the list for 19 consecutive years, highlighting strong branding influence. 3.2. Product ends: unique brewing processes, clear product systems.
We've been analysing the company's brand, witnessing the company's growth from small workshops to large State-owned enterprises, receiving numerous awards at home and abroad, backed by products of overquality quality. So, this section focuses on analysing the company's products. Before analysing the company's products, we need to describe the company's production processes.
The product is the end result of the process. 3.2.1 The unique brewing process, which has over 32,000 silos, is based on five grains of wheat, rice, sorghum, corn, and is called the "five grains."
In addition, the sorghum planted on the local purple soil is a sorghum species of sorghum, most of which contains sorghum powder, which is unique to the five grains. And the five grains of silhouette and silhouette used in the silviculture and silviculture, which are so sticky, are rich in a variety of minerals such as phosphorus, iron, nickel, cobalt, especially nickel, and cobalt, which have only a small amount in the five grains of water growing mud, and others.
There's nothing in the brewery. Five-food fluid production requires more than 150 microbes from air and soil to ferment, so there's a natural ecological environment that adapts to the co-existence of more than 150 microbes, which can only be found in the first city of the Yangtze.
The traditional tunes of the five-food fluids are to put a smooth mix into the curve box, press your hand tight, and use your two-legged palms to step from the middle, step on the bag and propose a magma (commonly known as a pulp), step on it tight, especially if the surroundings are real and the center is loose, and it should be unbreakable. The artificially stomped central curry rises like a bag, so it's called "blank."
The company uses fermentation techniques such as "Rocking Cycle", "Steaking of Solids", "Drying of Double Wheels" and "Asynchronous Cascade Rapid Old" ; is produced according to "Quantified Distillation", "Square of Distillation" and "Square of Liquor" , which is a unique brewing process. The company uses a unique "Back Packing" as a blank.
The mixture of air and soil is well suited to the uniform growth and development of more than 150 microbes that produce five grain fluids, while other white wines use only those in the air, so their taste is incomplete. "Backing" is used as a sugarated fermentant, with different temperatures of fermentation, resulting in different strains of bacteria, enzymes, conducive to the accumulation of esterification, biomass and fragrances, which constitute production.
And the recipes for the five foods combine the fragrances of different foods and the characteristics of the wine produced to form a style that is "long, odour-rich, gorgeous, mouth-filled, symmetrical, symmetrical, symmetrical, especially full-scale and famous for alcohol" and has its own head in the fragrance of white wine.
"Team Tread" is configured according to a certain rationale, using physical, chemical, and psychological principles, and using the different styles of the original wine, with a targeted combination and flavour. The unique thing is to achieve a fine-tuning control of grade entry, tanning, selection, combination, interrogation, tweaking. The five grain fluids are now upgraded in traditional processes to form a computer-touching expert system.
In order to ensure the quality of the product, the P5 group uses modern analytical techniques and modern analytical instruments to detect the entire process of dry production of the P5 fluid.
The wine industry proverb reads: "The thousand-year-old cellars are so bad that wine has to grow old." At present, the company owns more than 32,000 pits, 16 of which have been continuously used and maintained for centuries and have become the country's only existing first cave-style song, the wine fermented tank.
Figure 28: Workshop 501 Long Hair or Five Grain
The company's products are divided into three main parts: the main brand has built the “1+3” product system: the intergenerational series, which is represented by the eighth generation of “5” food fluids (including cups, gold suits, 1618, 39 degrees, 45 degrees, 68 degrees, etc.), and the year series, which is represented by the classic “5” liquids (classes 10, 20, 20, 20, 20 July 2024).
30, 50 consists of base alcohol for 10, 20, 30 and 50 years with a recommended retail price of $3099, 4999, 12999 and 30999 respectively, an antique cellar series (containing 501 and 503 workshops, etc.) and a custom-made wine series of culture, represented by living souvenirs.
Liquor series: four large national regional monoliths, five food households (human and geographical series, etc.), five grains of alcohol (glossy, rose gold, etc.), five grains of speciality (precision, precious, crown and gold, etc.), cutting edges (high light, 1911, big light, etc.), five grains of wine (three) and a hundred feasts (three)
This is complemented by regional priority brands such as the Badminton series, the Basketball series, and so on. Qinglin Eco-Grin: mainly producing, selling and selling wine, fruit, wine, and now successfully building the "1+2" brand matrix of five-food grass + fairies in Asia.
We started our research in 2002 because the company began to disclose high and low-middle- and low-priced alcohol. We started our research in 2002 because the company had previously disclosed changes in calibre, but the overall high-priced alcohol was almost equal to five food and liquid brands, and the low-priced alcohol (fruct, open, eco-drink) and so on, so we were basically equivalent to the series.
According to an analysis of revenue collection, Māori rates, and share, the collection of five grain main brands increased from 2.73 billion yuan in 2002 to 62.8 billion yuan in 2023, 21 billion yuan in 21 years, and 7.5% in 21 years, with a series of wines cleared and readjusted by the company, and has gained momentum in recent years.
Figure 32: Break-up of company liquor camps in 2023 Chart 33: Five grain springs: seven hundred and twenty-eight dollars. Figure 34: Five grain springs: and American price: five sixty-eight dollars.
Figure 35: The biggest single product of the company in the next five-generation food spring was the five-food spring. On March 6, 2024, the market customers of the May 2024 Mall in the State of Yuchiran thanked them. The meeting revealed that the sale of the May 2023 food spring singles was close to 7 billion yuan.
On 25 September 2023, the company launched a new product, the “Five Food Springs” and the “Springs of the Second Generation” at the price of $428 per bottle, which constitutes a new product matrix and is sub-high; and on 25 September 2023, the company launched a new product, “Five Food Springs and the United States”, which fills the price between the two generations and the “Five Food Springs” and the “Foundation Gate”, which is primarily targeted at the wedding dinner scene, with a price of $568 on the target.
In terms of Māori ratio, the P5 brand has remained almost stable at about 80% since 2009, with a steady increase in alcohol series, or more than 10% in recent years due, inter alia, to adjustment, but the structure of the product has been significantly reduced by 3.3, at the end of the price: the strategy has shifted from leading to following.
As a result of detailed disclosure in the company ' s annual report, the company has disclosed overall sales of white wine since 2012; since 2020, the volume of sales of liquid and serial wine products has been disclosed separately, plus data on total stocks, stocks of finished and semi-finished liquor stores. In order to avoid calibre differences and compliance issues, we have studied the overall value relationship of the company since 2012 and we have studied the overall price relationship.
The industry has entered a period of adjustment, for example, because of the turnover of prices in 3.3.1 volumes, the marked increase in the price of tons, and three public consumption. Industry recovered in late 2015, and high-end alcohol rebounded in 2016.
The following analysis focuses on sales of the main five grain brands and series of wines and corresponding to tons. According to the disclosure, sales of the five grains increased from 26.7 million tons in 2019 to 38.7 million tons in 2023 and 10 per cent in four cagr; sales of the series went from 2019 to medium-high-priced products, resulting in a drop in sales.
To 16.25 million yuan per ton in 2023, the cagr was 2.3 per cent: the price of a series of wines rose from 48,000 yuan per ton in 2019 to 113,000 yuan per ton in 2023. The price of a series of wines increased from 24 per cent in four years. By volume, we found that the main food brands were mainly the performance of the price-conversion growth, with the series gaining momentum after the restructuring of the product in 2022.
Here we focus on P5 prices. Analysis of the price of the company, we have to analyse the evolution of P5 prices. Since the company was listed in 1998, we have been analysing the trajectory of the price increases since 2000. In the twenty-first century, $659 a year, a total of 10 price increases.
In this context, the firm actively adjusts the price of the plant, laying a solid foundation for the later company’s bold application of the oem-card model, the gold-leaf extension. Before the industry adjustment period, the company was still active in the industry, and the company achieved a favourable sale.
At the end of 2017, the company raised prices + the seventh-generation five-generation five-generation gold windows.
Moreover, the company’s policy of raising prices has shifted from its previous leadership to following a five-food-up strategy that follows your state’s low-price-raising strategy.
3.4. Energy end: five pre-market expansions and gradual improvement after listing. This section focuses on the analysis of the company ' s capacity and output, with a view to understanding the scarcity of the company ' s capacity. 3.4.1 Post-market expansion achievement status, overall marketing
Looking at the development history of the five grains, we can divide the productive capacity of the company into three stages: pre-market + post-market capacity-raising, expansion and technological transformation (pre-2002), self-financing expansion and technological transformation (2002-present).
Performance, in general, is the most conservative value of design output, and this is the base caliber. Some of them cannot be released in the same year, and then we call them "design capacity released in the same year," and then we call them "design capacity released in the same year." Actual production is the production of base alcohol produced in the same year. In general, actual production capacity >design capacity > has been released in the same year, producing production when it is released, and production has been checked and stored.
And it turns into finished wine, and then it goes to the market (generally after 3-5 years) and is well known to you, because we're looking at five grain fluids and a series of wines, we don't mention in our next study other products such as packing lines, storage works and other products mentioned in our annual reports.
Pre- and post-market capacity (pre-2002): In 1959, the “I'm going to have a liquid wine factory” was officially named, and in the more than 40 years since then, the company has undergone five major expansions. For the first time: in 1958, the State allocated $600,000 to the construction of a “jumping zone” on the south bank of the Jinsha River, completing the first expansion.
A total of 1141 tons of alcohol produced throughout the factory was increased from 450 tons before the birth to make up the original size of a five-food liquid wine factory; for the second time, in 1979, $18 million was invested in the construction of new production areas on the north bank of the Yangtze River, accounting for 996,000 square metres of land and the production capacity of 44.40 tons of alcohol.
For the third time, in 1986, 25 million yuan was invested in the construction of new workshops with a total output of 10,000 tons of 228,000 square metres in the main factory area of Jiangbei, while for the fourth time, 800 million yuan was invested in 1992-1994, resulting in the completion of eight constructions, with an area of 200,000 square metres.
Two of the world’s largest brewery under the Sanctuary of Liquor are located in 6,000 cellars, bringing the total capacity to produce alcohol to over 90,000 for the fifth time: 1995-2002, which is a high-speed, cross-border development period for the group. In 1995, another 150 million yuan was invested in supporting construction. In 1997, China’s first call centre, which had a packaging capacity of 80,000 tons per year, was completed.
In 1998, the company was transformed into Group Limited on the basis of the original IQFF plant, in January 1999 a modern large plastic packaging plant with a world-famous level of 15,000 square metres was built, and in 2000 a 40,000-ton brewery was invested in it. At the same time, it flattened several small mountains and built a five-sugar series of liquor, covering plastics.
As a result, the group became the “Ten Mile” of 7 square kilometres of land, the “Men of the Year” and the “King of the Chinese Liquor Industry” and became the leader of the White Liquor Industry until 2013, when it became a full-scale anti-subordination of the Kuo Dai State.
Auxiliary facilities, expansion of production in the main sector, including 18 technological improvement projects, with an investment of 530 million yuan in construction, with a capital flow of 410 million yuan; acquisition of bottle caps, printing services and two complementary projects to effectively reduce costs and meet the need to scale up production, with a total investment of 230 million yuan.
(a) A series of 2500 tons of alcohol modification works per year (two years of the planned construction cycle);
Construction works (planned construction cycle of one year); 5) technical modifications at the hepanostal packaging workshop, which will add 15,000 tonnes to the capacity of our company to package the different bottles; 6) construction of the slag brick modification project, which will result in 23518 production capacity for the annual production of slag bricks; 7) production of 6,000 tons of a series of low alcohol modification works (planned construction cycle of two years); 8) technology at the five-food ethanol packaging workshop
Renovation works, with an additional capacity of 8,000 tons for packaging of five cedars after completion. (9) Integrated repair plant technology improvement projects: 10) Cremation projects, with an additional capacity of 15,000 tons for the company ' s five edible series; 11) Renovation of garages, garage technology improvement projects: 12) Treatment of 180,000 tons of waste workshop technology in the year: 13) Additional 20,000 tons/day water supply improvement projects:
14) Wastewater Management and Integrated Use Engineering Modification Project: 15) Large-Pilot Drilling Technology Re-engineering Project: 16) Technical Re-engineering of Power Lines: 17) Technical Re-engineering of the 35kv Central Conversion Station: 18) Technical Re-engineering of the Jing Liquor Packing Workshop, which will result in the addition of 5,000 tonnes of the capacity of the Kyoto Liquor Packing Workshop; 19) Acquisition of the Eibin plastic bottle cap plant; 20) Acquisition of the Eibin Printing General Plant.
Summing up: By the end of 1998, the company ' s fund-raising project was almost complete, with an annual increase of 74 per cent of the 2,500-ton series of alcohol improvement projects, which yielded benefits in 2000. In 1999, the company had built up the capacity to produce 150,000 tons of food and fluids and, in 2000, the company had built up the capacity to produce 200,000 tons of alcohol and liquids.
In March 2001, the company issued an announcement to the effect that the total amount of funds raised by the portfolio was $780 million; of that amount, $766.57 million was raised, and the funds raised by the portfolio were fully available on 8 March 2001. At the end of June 2002, the nine projects were fully operational and yielding benefits, as planned.
Financial expansion and technological change (2002-present): announcement, May 2002: the company proposed to invest $290 million in 2002 in the new “500.000 annual alcohol engineering project” - announcement, October 2002: the company proposed to invest $593 million in 2002 in the new “Technology adaptation of the 10th Check Packing Centre”
Engineering (constructed to form 140,000 tons per year of wrapping liquid wine series), technical modifications to the eleventh line packaging centre (constructed to form 160,000 tons per year of wrapping liquor series), technical modifications to the twelfth line packaging centre (constructed to form 160,000 tons per year of wrapping fluid series alcohol series) and technical modifications to the Chen brewing wine bank (constructed to be completed)
It was announced in March 2003 that the company was to invest $620 million in the new "Five-Five-Five-Five-Little Wine and Corrupt-Tech" project (which will result in a new five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Fly-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-T-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-F
Production-line renovations (which will result in 30,000 tons of annual production capacity), 60,000 tons of brewing-related facility modifications (which will meet the production needs of 60,000 tons of brewing), 30,000 tons of annual production of 50,000 tons of grain-based fluid-based alcohol modification projects (which will result in 30,000 tons of annual production capacity), and bad wines and boiler technology adaptations (for repeaters)
The technical adaptation of production lines and boilers, among others, will result in a capacity of 0.4 million tons per year; the first phase of the technological transformation (which will result in a capacity of 30,000 tons for the five-year series of alcohol fermentation pills) and the second phase of the technological transformation (which will result in a capacity of 30,000 tons for the five-year series of alcohol fermentation pills)”
In May 2003, the company announced that in 2003 it would invest $472 million in the construction of new renovation projects such as “50,000 tons of boilers for brewery, crust removal, etc.” (which would result in the creation of 60,000 tons of gas and raw materials for brewing lines), 60,000 tons of brewing and 110kv conversion plant rehabilitation projects (which would result in the creation of 60,000 tons of electricity for brewing lines).
Electricity rights, 60,000 tons of brewing-backed sewage treatment projects (which will result in 5,340 cubic metres of daily sewage treatment after completion), 60,000 tons of brewing-backed low-pressure steam and logistics rehabilitation projects (which will result in 60,000 tons of brewing low-pressure steam and logistics security requirements after completion), 60,000 tons of brewing-backed production line improvement projects (on the curved production line)
The technological adaptation will result in the creation of an annual production capacity of 90,000 tons of curables, 15 technologies for water harvesting and water supply line improvement projects (which will result in water supply requirements for 60,000 tons of brewing lines)” and six projects for engineering investment, mainly for the construction of an annual 50,000 tons of alcohol manufacturing and a 60,000-ton series of alcohol improvement projects in 2002.
Dec. 2003: In 2003, the company proposed to invest 150 million yuan in the construction of the “Technology Renovation Project for Sewage Treatment Stations”, 515 workshop attachment facilities, 506 workshop “Technology Renovation Project for Ends” Treatment, distribution station (phase II) Technical Renovation Project, 504 workshop mill milling line modification project, 505 workshops, 507 workshops, 511 workshops, 513 workshops new
Seven technological and engineering projects, such as those for stainless steel stoves and ancillary facilities, and one-stop projects for sewage treatment.
“Technology adaptation project for the production line for the production of five grains a year 2,000 tons of flavour, and technical modifications for the production line of 2,000 tons of flavour bottles for the annual packaging of five grains a year”, announcement June 2004.
Renovation project, project for the technical rehabilitation of 50,000 tons of liquor production line attachment sewage treatment station, project for the technical adaptation of 11 packages of the Centre ' s supply tank attachment, project for the technical adaptation of the 12th package centre ' s supply tank attachment, project for the technical rehabilitation of 60,000 tons of wine brewing project attachment facility II, project for the technical adaptation of 55,000 tons of the original production line in 51 workshops, and technology for the production of environmentally friendly boiler fuel drying line
The rehabilitation project, the 30,000-ton project for the technical improvement of the concentration of alcohol in the food and fluid series, and the eight technology improvement projects, are associated with the construction of additional production capacity in the last two years. The project for the improvement of the equipment of the packaging water flow line of the centre, and the project for the technological improvement of the capacity to store 1,700 tons of alcohol in 506 workshops, have been completed.
Summing up: 1) By the end of 2005, the company had developed an annual capacity to produce 450,000 tons of (commodity wine) and had formed more than 70 world brands, 9 national brands, and 8 regional brands, creating 18 of the more than 70 brands with a focus on the scale of sales of about 450,000 tons of (commodity wine).
Circular: 2007: The company proposed to invest a total of 73 million yuan in 2007 for the production of a five-basin-packed stream of water; an additional 20,000 tons of packaging capacity technical improvement project per year (an additional 20,000 tons of liquid-basket packaging capacity to reach 30,000 tons of packaging capacity in the year following completion of the project, as the project increased food hygiene and safety standards, met gmp standards, increased adaptation projects, etc.
As a result of the investment in excess of the planned investment, the budget was increased by $41.78.6 million (Announced in March 2011).Announced in February 2009: the company proposed to invest a total of approximately $120 million in 2008 for the existing 12th Project Centre.Announced in August 2009: the company proposed to invest a total of approximately $394 million in 2009 for “coal boiler flue gas devulsion technology”
Technical adaptation projects (smoking desulfurization of the company ' s six coal-fired boilers and production of a by-product of 23 million tonnes/year of sulphuric acid), 510 workshop corner pipe boiler technical adaptation projects (reduced smoke release temperatures and more than 80% boiler heat efficiency) and Quality tubes, Quality tests and measurement centre technical adaptation projects (improved detection of the environment and improved means of detection)
• Technical upgrading of the packaging production line in Region 5 (substantiation of the existing packaging production line in Sector 5 of the company to achieve logistics code management, increase the level of product security and increase the efficiency of the packaging of the production line)”
Summary: Technical and technical modifications or expansions of the company ' s accompanying projects without expansion or technological changes during the 11th Five-Year Period. March 2012 announcement: full-scale 523 workshop energy enhancement and planning of 33 acres of land, mainly for new storage tanks and related accessories, in line with the company ' s strategic 12th Five-Year Plan and Production Business Objectives
In April 2013, the company announced that it was planning to invest a total of 889 million yuan in the construction of 90 million tons of pottery in 2013 to build a wine bank.
The project, which created a storage capacity of about 90,000 tons, was announced in October 2013: the company proposed to invest a total of $193 million in 2013 for the proposed construction of a 30,000-ton wine bank project, and the brewery and ancillary projects, which were restructured into a “Five Food and Liquid Industry Park Construction Project” with a total investment of $230 million.
Summary: During the twelve-five-year period, the company did not actually expand or upgrade its production capacity, mainly through the renovation of the accompanying implementation of the project (phase I) (total investment estimated at $244.43 million), the rehabilitation of workshop buildings (total investment projected at $13.4148 million), the project (total investment projected at $7.998 million) and the project (total investment projected at $7.998 million)
(a) Project for the Integration of the Packaging and Smart Storage and Distribution of Liquor (total investment estimated at $632,66623), and Project for the Refrigeration of Liquor Repository Technology (total investment projected at $647.06 million).” (Observation of December 2018: 1) Adjustment of the budget and scope of the Project: total investment estimates
From the original programme, $647.06 million was adjusted to $172,666.6 million, and the adjusted projects were implemented in two phases, with total investment estimated at $922.87 million for the first phase and total investment estimated at $80,329,600 for the second phase.
(of which: investment in construction is $632,666.2 million); total investment in the new programme is estimated at $859,665.5 million (of which: m2, five brewery workshops are to be built; and total investment in related construction and engineering is estimated at $126,778.2 million.) The October 2020 announcement: 1) agreeing to start work on the company ' s 120,000 eco brewing project (phase II) side facility,
Construction of new roads, drains and their accessories, with total project investment estimated at $317,567,000 (based on the final determination of the amount of the bid); 2) agreement to launch 517 workshop technology improvement projects, new brewery and supporting buildings, and renovation of old buildings, with total project investment estimated at $29,017,000 (based on the final determination of the amount of the bid).
Summing up: During the 13-year period, the company launched the 120,000-ton eco-breeding project (phase I), with a total investment of 1,268 million dollars, consisting of workshops and related ancillary facilities, to be built in two phases. November 2022: According to the 14-year strategic development plan, the company's brewing capacity will increase to 200,000 tons.
A total of $4,861 million is proposed to be invested in an eco-breeding project (phase II), consisting mainly of 15 brewing workshops, 8 wine collection rooms and related ancillary facilities.
The Liquor Project (phases I and II), the Five Grain Portal Project, the Five Grain Cisterns of 501 and the Chinese Liquor Cultural Monument Project, the Five Grain Liquid Wine Packing and Smart Storage and Distribution Integration Project, 14 ongoing projects, including the Summing Up: During the Fourteen-Fifteen-Five Period, the company launched the 100,000 tonnes Ecobrew Project (phase II), which laid the foundation for the 15-Fifty Project.
In general, the company’s major expansion was completed before the market, with a pre-emptive advantage. Fourteen-five, or even future, corporate planning goals: “14-five,” the strategic plan’s objective is to achieve the goal of 2118.
We have already described and analysed the company’s output in detail, and here we analyse the relationship between the company’s production and sales. Since the company’s production of liquid and bottled wine has only been detailed since 2020, compared to the previous total production data, we have studied the annual capr at 15.6% and the steady annual increase in production, which provides the basis for the company’s promotion of the annual series of liquor; the rate of production and sales is considered.
2.7 per cent. According to the sales rate, production and sales have declined over the past few years, with companies adjusting the series of wines to focus more on single items that are superior to the heart, such as the five-food spring, the five-food ol, the five-food special and the cutting edge.
3.5. Channels: Greater diversification of the business model. This section focuses on the analysis of the evolution of corporate channels, the analysis of the evolution of the five food channels and the diversification of current channels, the continuous reform and improvement of the business model 3.5.1
Looking at the history of the five grains, we can divide the development of corporate channels into several stages: 1, 1988-2001 (long-term): market-based competition after price liberalization, large-scale trading and oem-authorized card-fixing and improvement. In 1988, the State Revenue Service issued " On freeing the price of tobacco and alcohol and partly adjusting the price of tobacco and alcohol " .
Taxes, Specialized Income Regulations, freeing the price of the 13-seat wines at that time, and using the pup and five-save liquids as the white wine for the market stage. The company’s main products, such as the five-save liquid and the cutting-edge wine, were sold directly by the sugar and wine wholesaler, the trade wholesaler, and products such as the five-sample spring and the five-sample ol, mainly through the overall distributors of the products.
In 1998, companies used strong marketing tools to re-establish their contracts, credit dealers insisted that the main channels remain intact, and distribution networks have been formed, with their end-points spread throughout the country and extended to the districts.
On 23 July, following the issuance of the Bureau's Regulation on Taxes on Products and Special Revenues as a result of Dismantling the Prices of Smoking and Part of Smoking and Alcohol Adjustments, some areas raised questions about specific policies to collect product taxes and specific revenues. In order to harmonize policies and work well, it was added that:
The tax on the products of food, wine, potatoes and beer is not subject to any reduction since 28 July 1988.II. The four cents per pack of filters that are not included in the price-fixing range for this time shall be added to the product tax on the actual sales income of the enterprise, but the original tax repayment provisions of the Ministry of Finance shall continue after three, the freeing price of tobacco and alcohol and part of the adjusted price of tobacco and alcohol have been applied.
Loans must first be repaid from the additional profits and depreciation funds of the loan line; the shortfall, which can be returned from the additional product tax levied at the old price (i.e., as at 31 December 1987) and the original tax rate; and, if it is not, from the product tax increased after the liberalization and adjustment of the price. The actual price of the 13 cigarettes released from the price (worker price) is higher than the “tax base price (worker price)” because of the 60% product tax levied.
One third is local revenue, and in calculating repayments, it should be calculated on the basis of the same ratio between central and local revenues. During this period, the company gradually implemented the large-scale system and the Oem-authorized tagging model.
In this model, there is no need to invest too much money in creating marketing channels, no need to recruit a large number of sales people, and large distributors have a higher price-fixing, ownership and motivation. Oem is a strategy to produce with a specific, brand-based product, and buy-out is mainly done with a diet.
In 1994, the Sugar and Wine Sub-Food Company of Shujiu City, Fujian Province, in collaboration with the Five Grains, developed the first purchase of the brand "Five Grains" under the liquid flag, and the company bought out the entire national distribution of the "Five Grains" brand, which in that year was over $100 million in sales, created a record of sales of white and white wine, and opened a hot wave of white wine tags.
In 1999, the company launched new products for the target market, such as “Gin Fook, Shaoyang River, and the old workshop”, which is actually the Oem Authorized General Secretary. The Ministry has divided the country's market into eight major distribution areas, where district managers are responsible for producing them.
In 2000, the company had established close cooperation with more than 600 powerful and reputable distributors. Strong support was given to powerful marketers and brands, such as Golden Six, Yooyang River, and Five Food Springs.
More than 500 municipalities in 31 provinces and cities: the public series of wines has reached more than 62 brands with more than 200 specifications, which companies classify as national and regional brands of international brands.2 2002-2012 (development period): strategic priority has been adjusted to strategic tactical balance, raising the height and strength of manufacturers
In 2002, the company set up a wine distribution centre for the five-grain series in a number of well-established areas (mainly central cities) to upgrade the market service capacity and market opening capacity of dealers specializing in the five-basin series; in addition, the white industry was faced with a double tariff and volume tax imposed by the State on the white industry during the year.
Pressure on companies to adapt their drinking brand development thinking in a timely manner, focusing on medium- and high-priced products, transforming "brand development" into "brand development" and moving forward with branding. That year, branding was introduced, with a 1+9+8 strategy (i.e., 1 worldwide brand, 9 national brands, 8 regional brands) and 18 priority brands were created in more than 70 brands.
The sale size of about 450,000 tons (commodity wines). The 2002 distributors' congress proposed “three shifts” and “four closes.” The 2002 national double taxation of industries and the first half of 2003 SARS, 2003 company adoption and five-point promotions (time, quantity, location, staff, region), more than three (multi-market, over-sale, over-stock market)
In addition, the 18 brand brands will be fully owned by the P5 company. In marketing, the company will continue to choose powerful dealers from around the country to do branding and to do business with them.
Good distributors implement a “wine with a prize” policy based on the volume of incoming goods, which enables distributors to benefit in real terms. From 86 in 2002 to 90 in 2003, more than 100 new special stores have been created to meet the concept and standards of a “new branding operator for five grains” for the first time in 2005, creating a new version of five grains.
For the first time at the end, companies are in contact and follow-up with the terminal and establish close relationships to change the past passivity and take back market initiatives. In addition, they are spearheading the launch of the "Five Foods" initiative.
In 2006, the company stepped up work on the construction and improvement of the supermarkets. In 2007, the company launched a campaign to expand the market for party forces and groups with the ability to buy from powerful groups, developing exclusive, specialized products and providing one.
In the same year, a group led by the Five Grains Group organized a branding alliance with 23 brand operators in the country. The aim was to strengthen the relationship between manufacturers on the one hand and producers on the other.