The Sini Sanctuary brings in coal, the mountain west coal (000983.sz)
High points of red increase in dividends, attention to high elasticity of coal as a result of performance repair 24 April 2024.
In 2023, the dome rewinded. Since 2023, data on the market for imports \triangleright: 23 April 2024
The increase and the downside of domestic real-estate investments have been influenced by the fall in domestic prices of coal-fired coal.
The average annual cost of the Taiyuan primary smelting carboard was $2,100 per ton, a change of 24.5 per cent from year to year; the price of coke fell more than the same period of coal; corporate coal production was reduced, industry influenced, and tons of coal was downed; and the company achieved its original value in 2023.
The rate of Māori in the building blocks was 18.65%, and it was not lost, but 32 percentage points higher than in the same year.
The price of coal has risen since 2024; the price of coal has risen since 2024, with stable economic policies such as the remodelling of the mega-cities, the issuance of special state debt, the increase in the deficit rate and the early issuance of a special debt line, the price of coal has risen since 2024, and the prices of the Xinhua Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Association and the Shacro Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Association are on average as of 22 April, respectively.
1670 yuan per ton, 2170 yuan per ton, an increase of 5.47 per cent and 3.71 per cent, respectively, over the 2023 average price. High international coke prices. High price shocks, continuing low or even flat prices for domestic and foreign trade, and limited increases in later coal imports.
The profits are still large, with a high fraction of the red ratio increasing the dividends rate.
Prearranged, the company proposes to allocate cash shares to all shareholders for every 10 shares, based on a total equity share of 56,771 million shares, stable in the coal price hub, and still expected to generate large profits. At the same time, the company’s controlling shareholder’s high-quality assets remain in place, and the company’s potential for extended growth through M&As is high.
\triangleright’s future profitability remains large, with high dividends guaranteed by a high red rate and a certain attractiveness in a low interest rate environment, and continues to be rated as an “uptake-a” investment.
Macroeconomic growth is not as fast as expected; coal prices are higher than expected down; production is more risky; \triangleright assets are less than expected.
This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not been, nor will I be, compensated for any form of direct or indirect compensation for any of the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report.