China's Central Iron (601390.sh) architectural decorations/constructions have been growing steadily, and new orders have been made to support new developments.
Construction contracts of $1.36 trillion, representing an increase of 21.8 per cent over the same period; of this amount, new railway contracts of $242.5 billion, representing 15.58 per cent of the total, representing a decrease of 28.8 per cent over the same period; new road contracts of $338.89 billion, representing a total increase in his orders; and road operations of the same speed, leading to a steady decline in the size of the orders as a whole.
Since 2017, it has benefited from the advancement of the monetization of sheds and the spillover effects of the regulation of second-line buildings.
The market for real estate in our three or four-line cities has been booming. Since 2017, the company has accumulated an additional land reserve of 939,000 square metres, a decline of 52.6 per cent over the same period; construction has started in 3.85 million square metres, an increase of 36.4 billion yuan in annual real estate sales contracts, compared with 29.19 billion yuan in 2016.
Participation in the establishment of an investment fund to improve the efficiency of financing: The company's subsidiary, “Middle and Iron Capital”, together with the “Chinese and Chinese investment capital”, set up a “Middle and Iron Innovation Project” as fund manager and initiated the establishment of a China and Iron Innovation Investment Fund for investment in construction.
Of these, the “middle iron capital” holds 49% of the “medium iron and steel investment” and has a fund of up to 2 billion yuan, with a subsidiary contribution of up to 400 million yuan, and invests in growth-oriented enterprises with high growth expectations in China’s iron and steel, as well as innovative enterprises with off-orbit transport and construction upstream and downstream.
The Fund has helped companies to seize sustainable development opportunities in infrastructure development, to open up sources of project financing, to promote efficient financing, and to promote corporate development.
In December 2017, with the approval of the State Treasury, China Railway Engineering Corporation, the shareholders in the company holding shares were converted from publicly owned enterprises to State-owned sole-owned enterprises and renamed China Railway Engineering Group Limited, with the State Finance Committee performing the role of funder on behalf of the State Council, and the State Treasury Regulator will be placed under “registership”
The “capital” approach replaces the “business management” approach by narrowing the range of direct government appointments, improving corporate governance structures, stimulating internal dynamism and achieving faster and better growth.q3 quarter performance falls without changing the year-round performance growth trend.
Newly signed bills accelerated, high performance was reported, capital and overseas operations expanded significantly and performance increased in the future.