Warships are based, and a new cycle of civilian ship-beneficiaries is expected to contribute more elasticity than on 06/09/2022.
Research assistant Xu Xu Xiao Xiao, who is a ship builder, is a large cycle, and the mismatch between supply and demand is the main cause of the shipbuilding cycle. Recapitulation over the last 100 years can be divided into roughly six large phases, each lasting more than 20 years, from Peak Valley to Peak Valley.
At the peak, the production of ships is usually several times different. The mismatch between supply and demand is the main cause of the build-up cycle.
New ship demand includes three broad categories of new demand, replacement demand and speculative demand. Among these, the new demand depends mainly on shipping demand, which is determined by technological advances, environmental policies, and ship-to-age renewal. Currently, shipping markets are operating at high prices, driving new demand.
At the end of the supply: the global shipbuilding industry is largely clean, and it is now in a state of strainedness. Since the financial crisis, it has been affected by a significant decline in orders and continued low ship prices, and the liquidation and liquidation of global shipbuilding enterprises.
Merger reorganizations reached hundreds of cases, and the process of completion of the production and liquidation process was largely over. World capacity utilization for shipbuilding rose significantly in 2021, to 93.9 per cent; most of the new orders in 2022 will be delivered after 2024, and shipbuilding is already in a tight state of capacity constraints.
The number of new orders each year is much higher than in 2020. 2) Prices: Shipbuilding continues to rise, reaching the start of August 2009 when the company is a flag ship listing company, and the beneficial cycle for civilian ships is expected to contribute more elasticly. The company’s subsidiary is in the forefront of the industry in terms of shipbuilding and new orders, and the current order is full.
When the price of ships rises, the value of new orders rises, and corporate performance is expected to become more resilient as low-price orders become available by 2020; prices of raw materials, such as shipboards, are expected to increase profit margins further; and reforms by state enterprises are expected to lead to catalytic effects.
▪ The naval equipment system has accelerated, and the ships have long-term upswing space. Our navy is accelerating the transition from an offshore defensive to a distant naval guard, requiring strong naval equipment to support it. The company's ships, Jiangnan and Hiroshima International, are important military ships and are expected to continue.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: our risks, based on the continued growth of the warship operation and the elasticity of civilian ship operations; the risk of exchange rate fluctuations; and the pace of reforms in State enterprises that are not as fast as expected.
At this stage, the demand-supply mismatch is the main cause of the ship-building cycle. At this stage, in terms of the three main requirements for new ship-building on the demand side, the increase in shipping prices drives new demand, environmental policy constraints, technological advances that add to the age of the ship, and the need to replace demand.
And there is less speculative demand; at the supply end, the global ship-building industry has been restructured through two rounds, 2012-2016 and 2016-2020, and its capacity has been largely cleared. In our judgement, ship-building has entered the advanced stage of a new cycle.
The recycling cycle of shipbuilding from 1886 to 2020, where demand and supply mismatches are the main causes of the shipbuilding cycle, can be roughly divided into six large phases, each lasting more than 20 years, with many separate small cycles (ceilings to peaks), from Peaks to Peaks, where shipbuilding yields are highly resilient, changing several times as usual.
1) 1886-1919: The shipbuilding cycle followed the cycle of international trade, with overall upswings and fluctuations. Among them, because of the post-World War I expansion of European capacity to compensate for the loss of operational capacity during the war, in 1919 the production of shipbuilding reached its peak of 7 milliongrt, three times the basic needs of peacetime.
2) 1920-1940: The excess capacity for shipbuilding combined with the Great Depression of the 1930s triggered a decline in trade volume and a continuing slump in shipbuilding markets. This period lasted for 20 years, with no annual shipbuilding above the 1919 level, of which only about 490,000 grt were produced in 1933.
1945-1973: The capacity of shipbuilding at the end of the Second World War was severely limited and the volume of post-war trade surged, and the ship-building market continued into the long term. The global ship-building production at the end of the Second World War ended in 1944 was 20.3 million grts (three-quarters of the United States), due to the de facto withdrawal of the United States from the global ship-building market after the war, as well as the erosion of the capacity of Germany and Japan to build ships.
After the 1960’s, international trade grew rapidly, the ship industry’s orders rose steadily, and global ship-building production expanded to 36 million grammes in 1975, surpassing the sum of the entire period between World War I and World War II. After the oil crisis, global trade fell, South Korea’s new entry into the ship-building market exacerbated excess capacity and the ship-building industry went into recession.
During the period, until the end of the 1970s, the global economic recovery brought about a new increase in trade volume, with the shipbuilding industry experiencing a brief recovery, after which it reached the bottom in 1987 owing to the fall in shipbuilding prices and new orders, when new shipbuilding amounted to 9.8 million grt, the lowest level since 1962, 73 per cent lower than its peak in 1975.
5) 1988-2007: Growth in global trade has increased and the capacity to build ships has expanded, and the ship-building industry has entered an expansionary period. Growth in China and Asia has led to growth in global trade, as well as the generation of old-age alternative demand for ships built at the peak of the 1970’s.
China, Korea, and Japan formed a “triple-story” pattern of competition in their positive lead. Global shipbuilding reached 62 million grams in 2007, five times the 1987 low.) 2008-2020: Global financial crisis caused a decline in global trade in 2008, adding to the previous shipbuilding industry.
The global ship-building industry is now in a period of adjustment. According to the China Water Transport Report, as a result of the financial crisis, in 2009 there was a 70% to 576.4 million tons of new global ship traffic, a 30% drop in the price of new ships, 30 million tons of new ship-building in 2016, and a normal level of almost 90 million tons in 2017-2018.
Demand side: High shipping prices + environmental policy constraints + Up-to-age ship renewal, new ship-building needs go up-to-date. Ship-building needs are subject to both fluctuations in shipping trade and replacements from the ship itself to the age. Accordingly, new ship requirements include three broad categories of new demand, replacement demand and speculative demand.
Demand, alternative demand, determined by technological advances, environmental policies, and ship-to-age renewals, is influenced by speculative demand combined with shipping prices, new ship prices, and second-hand ship prices. At this stage, shipping market prices remain high, driving new demand, environmental policy constraints, and technological advances compound ships.
The demand for replacement for age causes drives demand for replacement, and the demand for new shipbuilding enters the upward cycle; and the price of second-hand ships is not generally higher than the price of new ships, and we judge that speculative demand is low, so the current demand for new shipbuilding is stronger.
At this stage, shipping prices are still high and are expected to rise further. According to the latest data, dated 2 September 2022, the China Export Container Transport Index (ccfi) was 2830.11 points, almost the same as in the same period last year, and it has risen since the beginning of the year; the North International Dry Cargo Index (tbi) was 1057.63 points, although it was earlier this year.
Declined, but still at a relatively high level since March 2014. According to the Chinese Air Services Weekly, in July 2020, the Shanghai International Shipping Research Centre ' s China Shipping Weather Index Production Unit conducted a survey of shipping companies ' market prices in the second half of 2022, showing that more than half of shipping companies looked at the price increase in the second half of the year, with 55 per cent of container shipping enterprises.
And 58.82 per cent of dry bulk carriers believe that prices will continue to rise in the second half of the year. Figure 5: The North ' s International Dry Cargo Price Index (tbi) remains relatively high. Figure 6: More than half of shipping enterprises see their prices rising in the second half of the year (July 2022)
The imbalance in the global supply chain system is the main reason for maintaining high shipping prices in the shipping market. As a result of the severe impact of the epidemic on the global supply chain, the reduced efficiency of overseas container ships, and the high level of port congestion, this has been a major factor in the rise in shipping prices since the outbreak.
Some port workers are on strike, and port congestion remains serious. According to the Securities Times on 5 August 2022, New York and New Jersey Port (the busiest port on the eastern coast of the United States) announced an “unbalanced fee” for import and export containers, which began on 1 September 2022 and will be reassessed when the global supply chain crisis subsides.
On 27 July 2022, it was reported that the Clarkson study, in a recent market briefing, had reported that container ships had reached a new high of congestion in July and that on 20 July the figure indicated that 37.9 per cent of shipping capacity was trapped in the world ' s major ports, which was well above the average value of 31.5 per cent for the period 2016-2019.
In a typical shipping cycle, rising shipping prices could be the most immediate cause of the rising demand for new ships. The current high prices, and the prospect of further increases, are expected to drive the rising demand for new ships.
1.2.2. Alternative needs: Environmental policy constraints are added to the age vessel renewal year or so, with 8.7 per cent of ships aged 20 years or older in the current global fleet and 21.8 per cent in the 15-year age range, and 39 per cent and 49.9 per cent in the 20- and 15-year range, respectively.
In the broader context of the reduction of carbon in the shipping industry, the loss of transport capacity and the replacement of old ships by slow navigation have also been called for to reduce carbon emissions. In 2016, the strategy for reducing greenhouse gas emissions from ships was adopted at the 70th meeting of the Appec.
The road map sets out a preliminary timetable for the implementation of the “three-step” strategy for greenhouse gas emission reduction. In 2018, the session of the Conference adopted the initial strategy for the reduction of greenhouse gas emissions from ships: by 2030, the average global emissions of carbon dioxide from transport in maritime transport units would have been reduced by at least 40 per cent compared to 2008 and efforts would have been made to achieve a 70 per cent reduction in international emissions by 2050.
By 2050, GHG emissions from sea transport will have peaked as soon as possible, with total annual GHG emissions reduced by at least 50 per cent compared to 2008, and efforts will be made to phase out GHG emissions from sea transport through the vision of a reduction path consistent with the Paris Agreement ' s moderate targets. To ensure the reduction of emissions, imo requires ships ' eedi (ship energy efficiency design index)
or eexi (existing ship energy efficiency index) values must be below a certain standard value, eedi has been in force since 2013, eexi will enter into force on 1 January 2023, and imo's new carbon reduction requirements will be extended to almost the global cargo fleet.
Only 21.7 per cent of ships (ships) meet the requirements of eedi and eexi, with the lowest rate of bulk fleet compliance, only 10 per cent, and 30.4 per cent of tankers, and 25.6 per cent of container ships. At present, ships may meet the standards by installing energy-efficient devices and fast navigation, requiring ship dismantling for ships that do not meet the requirements.
At the end of the supply: the global shipbuilding capacity is largely clear, and the current state of global shipbuilding capacity is largely clear. According to China’s water transport report, orders have been substantially reduced and reduced since the financial crisis.
The continuing low prices of ships have been influenced by several hundred cases of liquidation and merger restructuring of global shipbuilding enterprises. Of these, in 2012-2016, the industrial capacity of ships was adjusted mainly to stop, bankrupt, clear, and gradually spread from small and medium-sized to large shipbuilding enterprises; in 2016-2020, the restructuring of the ship industry shifted to merger restructuring between large and medium-sized enterprises, including:
The acquisition of high-quality shipyard assets by dominant firms and the consolidation of large enterprise groups. With the above-mentioned two-wheel-capability adjustments, the global number of active single-body ship plants with shipping orders or shipping records of more than 10,000 tons has been reduced from 440 to around 180 in 2016, and remains largely stable; affected by the epidemic and market returns in 2020, billing or otherwise.
The number of shipyards dropped to about 150, and the process of production and liquidation was largely over. Currently, global shipbuilding is in a state of strainedness.
The world capacity utilization rate for shipbuilding has risen significantly from the previous year, reaching 93.9 per cent, and is already in a state of tight capacity constraints. Figure 13: World capacity utilization for shipbuilding has returned to high levels (gct 1.4.
Year. After the 2008 financial crisis, new shipbuilding orders remained high for some time owing to the inertia of orders, and continued to decline over a longer period of time, starting to rise rapidly by 2020. In 2022, the number of new shipbuilding orders remained high, and the number of new shipbuilding orders (accumulated weekly) was much higher than in 2020.
Price escalation: high-end new orders; continued increase in shipbuilding prices, up from March 2009 at the beginning of August; innovation in the value of new orders issued in January-July 2022. According to data released by Clarkson on 5 August, Krakla rose by 27% at the beginning of the year, the highest level since March 2009.
The average turnover rose significantly, reaching a single vessel value of 84.73 million in the first seven months of the year, 48.2 per cent higher than in 2021, and the repair ratio (cgt/dwt) was a visual indicator of the structure of the industry-observing ship, rising from 0.356 in 2020 to 0.536 in May 2022, a historic high. The repair ratio is the ratio of the total to the load tonnage.
The more high-end ships we've received, the more advanced the naval equipment system, the longer-term growth space for the military ships, the more advanced the defence construction, the faster our navy is moving from an offshore defensive to a distant naval escort, which is needed.
Strong naval equipment has supported it. Since the 13th and 5th periods, our naval forces have been heavily equipped with “drawling dumplings” since the 13th and 5th periods, with heavy “deep dumplings” from the national production carriers, amphibious attack ships, large frigates, integrated supply ships, etc.
According to the People’s Network, in 2017, military experts said in a visual interview that the country would need at least six carriers in the future to meet its operational needs. In addition to carriers, the carrier battle fleet would normally be equipped with other ships, such as destroyers, frigates, supply vessels, and nuclear submarines.
4 multi-purpose frigates, 2 attack-type nuclear submarines and 1 large ocean supply vessel; multi-purpose frigates; multi-purpose frigates; multi-purpose frigates; multi-purpose frigates;
Anti-aircraft destroyer, attack-type nuclear submarine, ocean supply ship.
Attack nuclear submarines, anti-aircraft destroyers, multi-purpose frigates.
3. China ' s ships: military ships are based and the beneficial cycle of civilian ships contributes more elasticity up. 3.1. Basic situation of Chinese ships
Converted into a holding company with three major operations: shipbuilding, ship repair, and machine construction, acquired and acquired in 2020, through a major reorganization of assets, the total loading assets of ships such as Jiangnan. Currently, the company’s main business includes shipbuilding, ship repair, power, marine engineering and electromechanical equipment, and is the largest, most technologically advanced and product-structured flagship ship in the country.
One of the listed companies has a clear advantage in terms of technology branding, scale of business and synergy, product structure, etc. Figure 21: China ships have developed into one of the national flagship companies with a controlling share in the China Ship Group Limited; under the company they own Jiangnan, Takahashi, Hiro.
Of these, Jiangnan is the oldest, best-armed, most efficient military-industrial shipbuilding company in China and the most technologically advanced and large-scale military ship production base in the country; the Outer High Bridge is a leading Chinese-national ship in the construction of technology; and the Guangzhou International is the largest and most powerful one in China's South China region.
(a) Auxiliary Military Production Guarantee Base, which can develop, design and construct ships of less than 400,000 heavy tonnages in conformity with the norms of the world ' s major classification societies; the first enterprise in China to be certified by the ship repair industry through the quality management system of the Chinese classification company, and the first one to be certified by the Chinese classification company and the British classification company, the Chinese classification company;
The power group, which is based on ship power, is a leading domestic power enterprise. Figure 22: China ' s ship equity structure (as of 2 September 2022) Large steel structures, port machinery, elevators, electromechanical products and software development, etc.
3.1.2. The historical performance of Hiroshima International is significantly influenced by the shipbuilding cycle and has moved out of the bottom of the 2016-2017 shipbuilding cycle.
Ship orders were built mainly until 2021, influenced by an annual global epidemic and adverse factors such as price increases for bulk commodities, excessive cost increases in aggregates, and, based on the precautionary principle, in 2021 companies were prepared to take asset impairments for the 2007 acquisition of companies such as the China Seaboard)
In 2018-2021, the overall Māori rate of the company remained above 10.5 per cent, with the Māori rate for ship repair operations being relatively higher than 3.2 per cent, with the prospect of continuing to benefit from the first-class naval construction.
Jiangnan is the oldest, best-armed, most efficient military-industrial shipbuilding company in the country, and the most technologically advanced and large-scale military ship production base in the country. Jiangnan's shipbuilding area covers 5.17 million square metres, the coastline is 3,561 metres, and is divided into three production areas to meet the construction needs of naval fleets.
The ship is equipped with carriers 003, first-to-fourth-generation missile destroyers, and ton-class new destroyers. This is the most important naval support base in China’s south-east region, providing ship life-support services, a series of integrated supply ships, life-saving submarines, and the production of guaranteed ships, hospitals, etc., to equip the people’s navy with modern equipment.
Building a strong, modern navy is an important symbol of building the world’s leading army, and the company is expected to continue to benefit from the accelerated pace of building the naval equipment system. Figure 29: On June 17, 2022, our carrier 003 built a boat in Jiangnan.
Figure 30: Many types of destroyer products owned by Jiangnam ship-building plants, Figure 32: Special Auxiliaries, etc. owned by Hiroshima International
In a new cycle, China is expected to lead the world ship-building market. In 2021, our three major ship-building targets were fully met.
On the other hand, the number of new orders, the number of hand-held orders, the number of shipbuilding completed in terms of carrying tons, which represents 53.8 per cent, 47.6 per cent and 47.2 per cent of the world ' s total, has increased by more than 20 percentage points, and the number of new orders of the world ' s 18 major ship types is among the top of the world ' s 18 major categories. January-July 2022.
Our share of the world market is 51.1 per cent, 48.1 per cent and 44.4 per cent, respectively, of the number of new orders, the number of hand orders, the volume of shipbuilding completed, and the number of heavy tonnages, and the trend towards high-end new orders, which reached 0.49 in the first half of 2022, the best in our history, at 0.33 for the same period in 2019.
Figure 33: Overall growth in our three major shipbuilding indicators in 2021 Figure 34: China ' s share of new shipbuilding orders remained ahead of schedule (%) Figure 35: China ' s share of shipbuilding hands holding orders remained ahead of schedule (%)
Figure 36: China ' s shipbuilding completion rate (%) is still ahead of industry in terms of ship construction completion and new orders by subsidiaries of the company. Currently, our ship industry is highly concentrated, with two of the top ten ships in the country (outside Takahashi, Jiangnan) and before the new orders.
In the 10 families, the company has three rows (Both Nam, China, China and Takahashi). Figure 37: Completion of shipbuilding and new orders by subsidiary of the company are among the top 10 in the industry.
1. Dalian Heavy Industry Group Ltd. 1. Go overseas High Bridge Shipbuilding Co. Ltd. 2. Jiangsu New Age Ship Building Co. Ltd.
2. Jiang Yuenzi River Shipping Group, Inc. 3. Chuang Caohua Ship Building Company Ltd. 3. Jiangsu New Age Ship Building Co. Ltd.
4. Gangnam Shipbuilding (Group) Ltd. 4. Qingdao North Sea Shipbuilding Co. Ltd.