Sin Yishan Certificate, China Ship (600150.sh) Reform Tour Series
Davies double-clicking: Integration acceleration + scenery upwards, two major asset injections completed the construction of the ship-making military-military assembly platform in China in 2019.
With the consolidation of the two major groups, the newly established China Ship Group has become the leader of the global shipbuilding industry. As internal relations have gradually been streamlined, the Group began to integrate companies listed under the flag this year. In January 2022, China-China technology announcement was intended to inject corporate wind and power assets as future integration continues to advance, serving as a civil and military front.
China’s ship valuation for the assembly platform opens up. The shipyard’s profitability will continue to rise as a result of the ship-building boom.
Market data: July 25, 2022, the full cycle corresponds to a five-six-year period and almost a decade of adjustment. A large number of ship orders and subsequent years of delivery peaks in the last wave cycle have been added to the global economic downturn.
The low demand for maritime transport, which together led to the subsequent contraction of ship orders and delivery over the next decade, and the continued decline in the price of new ships. Until 2020, the epidemic continued to run out of capacity, the maritime market was recovering rapidly from the stimulus of national economies, the prices of shipping, especially container ships, rose sharply, and the container ship order was 2021.
The year was the first year of booming growth, the shipbuilding industry re-emerged into a new and long-feeding cycle, and the ship manufacturing base data: on March 31, 2022, corporate profits are expected to continue to grow rapidly.
Chinese ships are expected to strike both ways. China’s ships, as the core platform of the ship fleet, will benefit significantly from the continued progress of domestic reforms and the acceleration of the consolidation of the assets of the Chinese Shipping Group.
1.1 Ongoing consolidation of assets has led to the construction of the “Focus Masters + Development” and the “Focus Chiefs” of the Civil Service. In 1998, the company’s predecessor, the East Heavy Vehicle, was registered in Shanghai and placed on the market in the same year. Since its listing, the company has developed a global flagship in the ship-building industry through a continuous consolidation of its business focus.
1) For the first time, a major asset reorganization was set up to build a basic business framework for civilian goods. In 2007, China's ship industry was established by the Lutang Heavy Machine to acquire civilian ship assets, initially to build a basic framework for the “shipbuilding plus ship repair plus” of civilian goods. Over the next five years, from 2008 to 2012, the Chinese shipworker industry has achieved a number of technological and operational breakthroughs and expanded rapidly.
Three hundred thousand tons of class fpso and 6 million tons of heavy cargo to become the world ' s top3 shipyard; second, expanding areas of expertise to build competitiveness, for example, China and China pioneered a breakthrough in the seaworks with the repair of the fpso, followed by the capture of a highly automated bulk of the ship ' s conversion technology and a record in the field of wind towers, and the construction and smooth delivery of 18,000 teu, 21,000 teu and one nation ' s super-containership.
2) Second major asset restructuring, moving to a civil-military assembly platform. The company then undertook a series of asset consolidations. As the Chinese Shipworkers Group injected into the company military assets such as Jiangnan Shipbuilding and Hiroshima International, in 2019 the company completed the expansion from purely civilian boat operations to civilian-military one-boat operations.
The transformation of the Master Packing Platform, followed by the approval by the State Finance Committee of the merger of the China Ship Industry Group and the China Ship Heavy Industries Group, suspended further asset operations, but the company’s position as the new Group Ship Packing Platform remained unchanged. The operating system of the Holdings subsidiary overlapped and focused on each other.
There are five, of which China has 100 per cent ownership of ship-building, Jiangnan and the Outer High Bridge, and 51 per cent and 64 per cent of ownership of Hiroshima International and China Ship-power, respectively, have also reached absolute ownership. Five major subsidiaries have supported the operational framework for Chinese ships, namely, “Ship Industry + China Industry + Mechanical and Electrical Equipment + Power”. The counterparts of the subsidiaries overlap, with the main focus on ship construction and repair in Jiangnan.
In addition to business, several others are involved in various business plates — such as the construction of ships by China and Guangchuan International, which also produce related mechanical and electrical equipment; the construction of ships outside Takahashi, in addition to shipbuilding, is an important component of the company's marine industry; the Chinese shippower is the most important catcher, including mechanical and electrical equipment, of the company's power operations. In ship operations, the remaining four are involved, with the exception of the medium and undistributed ship power, but each is focused on: 1) Pure.
(ii) Civil-military and military-military readiness: Jiangnan Shipbuilding and Guangzhou International are the third phase mentioned above, namely, civilian hunting, with assets injected into the company during the civil-military transition and used for the production of civil-military goods such as the river.
South shipbuilding is dominated by missile destroyers, and Hiroshima International is now dominated by guaranteed ships such as supply ships and medical ships: in the civil sphere, Jiangnan is also dominated by bulk carriers, and the technology has been upgraded to a more technically difficult and professional type of ship, such as the now-larger container ship, the Koko, the liquefied gas ship, whose class B technology has led to a breakthrough in the area of “cricket”, while the people of Hiroshima International have achieved a breakthrough.
By using tankers, which are mainly oil tankers, which are well advanced in their field, they are at the top of the world. Performance is expected to return to a sustained warmth, with sufficient but no significant improvement in profitability, or to be enhanced through integration.
For 95 units of nearly $1.4 billion, 772 diesel machine orders of $6.74 million, seamen orders of $3.984 billion, and application industry orders The company has sufficient capacity to produce 64 per cent of the planned tonnage of civilian ships and 36 per cent of diesel engine capacity, but in terms of profitability, it contributes $50.9 billion in revenue and $4.502 billion in Māori, with a Māori rate of approximately 8.99 per cent, slightly higher than the previous year's 8.58 per cent;
The Māori ratio is highest in reserve operations, at 15.7 per cent/+3.35 ptt, accounting for 9.62 per cent of total revenue of $6.147 billion in 2021; in mechanical and electrical equipment operations, there is room for improvement over higher-profit business income, and the structural consolidation of company-related assets is expected to significantly improve overall profitability. Figure 5: Composition of China ship ownership income in 2021 (%)
From the point of view of the company ' s operations, 1) the cost side shows that the company ' s management/R & D/sales/finance rate was 9.86 per cent in 2021, with the highest management rate, ranging from 7 to 12 per cent, which had fallen after a brief rise in the aftermath of the epidemic, and that R & D rates had been stable over the past few years at 5 per cent, indicating the company ' s continued importance and investment in R & D. 2) the operational end, with the stock turnover rising steadily since 2019, and up to
1.2 The group has taken the lead in restructuring to provide a more favourable condition for the consolidation of corporate assets. 1.2.1 Listed companies begin to move into a substantive phase of consolidation, and the basis for restructuring has been laid by changing equity interests in the preceding period. In the second half of 2018, the China-China group and the second-in-command of the China-China heavy-ship workers completed job swaps.
In 2019, China's ships were placed in the shipyards of Jiangnan, etc. (step I), the Chinese ship group proposed to set up the China ship power group together with Chinese ships, and the Chinese ship's defence against 54.5371% of the Huang Qing Mangang holdings.
The 46,3018% share in ship international swaps with China’s ships and China’s fleet’s holdings in China’s China Power Group, which were temporarily suspended because of the merger of China’s two fleets, North and South. But, through a series of previous asset restructurings, Chinese ships were listed as a platform for the overall loading of China’s ships, China’s ship defense as a platform for the listing of China’s ships’ power, and China’s technology as a platform for the listing of high-tech assets of China’s fleet.
The China Ship Industry Group’s three listed company platforms are roughly equivalent to the China Ship Heavy Industries Group, which has combined with the Chinese Ship Industry and the China Ship Group to provide greater imagination for the consolidation of assets of listed companies. The group’s consolidation and consolidation of assets began to enter a substantial phase.
In December 2021, China Technology announced that China Shipping Corporation, an indirect controlling shareholder, was planning important matters related to the company. Meanwhile, China’s other listed company, China Motivator, under the flag of the China Ship Group, issued a circular stating that China’s power was the same as China’s Chinese power.
In July 2022, the China Ship Board announced that Zhang Young-jing would no longer hold the position of Chairman, Director and retired from the post of Director of the Chinese Ship, and that Yui Yui was working as a result of the reorganization of the two main groups, the China Ship Industry and the China Ship Heavy Industry.
The reason for the transfer is no longer in the position of director of the company; the meeting was supplemented by a programme of directors of the company, and Mr. Shi Weidong was appointed General Manager of China’s ships. Mr. Sheng Xing is currently Deputy General Manager of China Shipping Group Ltd., a member of the party group, who has long worked in the shipping industry, and has been in high-level management and leadership in large ship enterprises such as Jiangnan, Takahashi, Wong Wen-hoon.
The management experience of listed companies has been extensive, and from 1997 to 2016 he served as Director of the Board of Directors, Secretary of the Board of Directors and Deputy Managing Director: Assistant Director-General and Secretary of the Board of Directors of China Shipping Industries Ltd. We believe that, as personnel adjustments are put in place, China Shipping Group will probably accelerate the consolidation of the ship's overalls around listed companies, with a view to resolving competition issues in the industry.
The main problems in the current domestic ship-building industry are: 1) the test index for ship-building capacity utilization: years of underperformance and excess capacity; 2)
The global situation has changed considerably since the new crown epidemic, with pressures driving the need to increase the concentration of the head and the advantage of scale, and it is now evident that there is a growing tendency to concentrate the orders headwards, and that our production is growing faster than other traditional advantage countries. And, in terms of the much-needed competitiveness of our country, the most difficult area of ng has broken down, and is the focus of our country’s acquisition of international competitiveness, while the core technology of lang is the focus of our country’s eng technology.
The integration of China’s ships is accelerating. At present, China’s ship-building industry is dominated by four ship-building groups, namely, China’s Ship Group, China’s Far East Maritime Shipwork, New Age Shipbuilding, and the Yangzi River Industry, which account for almost 90% of the country’s citizens.
China’s fleet is also the main producer of naval equipment. In the area of ship loading, China’s ships are currently listed as Chinese vessels, China’s heavy labourers and China’s naval defenses; in the area of ship support, China’s technology and China’s naval defense.
By 2025, the gap between China’s ship group’s goals and the world’s leading levels has narrowed significantly, giving strong support to the Navy in its strategic transformation. By 2035, China’s ship group will have become basically the world’s first-class ship fleet, with a new generation of naval weapons supply and security capabilities.
By 2045, China’s Shipping Group will be providing first-class equipment to build the world’s first-class navy, leading the world’s ship industry. In the area of China’s current naval fleet, Jiangnan is leading in the technological power factor, and a number of countries, such as a national carrier, a strategic nuclear submarine, an amphibious landing ship, a new destroyer, and a human submersible, may have been successfully developed and delivered, or may have been similar to that of a diesel machine.
The planning of the equity structure maximizes the effect of integrating the use of intra-group resources. According to Chinese Chinese experience, China’s South vehicle absorbs the integration of North China in a professional reorganization of the related assets, which requires a focus on market access, targeting sub-assembly assets that are subject to adverse competition, and that capture the advantages of scale and resource restructuring.
The dominant choice to absorb the merger is usually dominated by a more dominant side, such as the financial indicators of the South Car at the time, such as market value, core technology, profit margins, etc., which are higher than the North Car, while the advantages of the North Car through overseas market channels are just enough to compensate for the South Car's shortcomings, which, according to our integration of shipbuilding operations above, are expected to result in the active absorption of subsidiaries with core technologies such as ng, military ships, etc.
In the context of the current securitization orientation of state enterprises, it is more likely that the existing stock-listed companies will be the subject of a consolidation of assets, and in the case of unlisted assets, it will be possible to complete a new reorganization by packaging and re-marketing as a whole. If we look at the BMW case, the BMW group will be restructured more differently than the North/South, if the North/South will be in a more different position than the previous one.
Cars are largely market-segregated, and the amalgamation of BMW is ranked, assets, and production capabilities are higher than their own at a time when the performance of martial steel has fallen considerably. If the China-China fleet and the China-China heavy industry have adopted similar restructuring programmes, then the selection and dominance of the merging party first leads to short-term technological overlaps and small business areas where industry upgrades have had less performance and less growth, and then they sift out assets that have performed poorly and less well.
The second is the way and timing of the consolidation, which is less competitive and more likely than the overall merger of the North and South, to choose to strip out good assets and business components and become new listed companies with the absorber, which will be held as a holding subsidiary.
In terms of points and returns on investment, there are rumours of the convergence of steel production from the 2015 supply side reforms, but not only for the two steel companies, the market is difficult at the speculation stage to identify the target subjects of the merger, and even 10 days before the announcement of the two suspensions, the head of the organization publicly denies the matter — and we assume that for such reforms, the matching of the target assets is a major internal point of contention.
It is difficult to judge by external clues before the announcement is issued, but once the announcement is issued, the push will be faster than the case of the North-South vehicle, with the possibility of completing the formal landing of the reorganization within a few months, and faster for market investment.
The ship-building industry is a relatively long-cycle industry, and the weather cycle lasts for as long. So, what is the performance of the ship-building market?
Manufacturing is divided over time into three relatively complete cycles, each with a five-and-six-year period, followed by almost ten first rounds (1968-1975-1985): the late 1960s, with the continued prosperity of the post-war global economy and rapid growth in trade, shipping and shipbuilding markets entering a super-windowing cycle, the closure of the Suez Canal as a result of the 1967 Arab-Israeli war, and the closure of the Suez Canal in the past.
The global shipping industry has been given great opportunity by the fact that ships going around the Suez Canal have had to go far, and the subsequent surge in oil prices led to a rapid expansion in the supply of shipping markets, particularly the tonnage of tankers, between 1971 and 1972, with new orders for ships in 1964 amounting to only 20 million tons of heavy cargo and 43 million tons in 1968, and even more so when they reached the peak of the ship-building cycle in 1973.
It was as high as 130 million heavy tons, and the global economy stagnated, and the ship-building market similarly advanced into a long period of depression, with new orders from 1974 to 1978 continuously falling short of delivery until a slight recovery in 1979-1981, in which the new ship price index (1986-1991-2001) created a new second round after the peak of 1973 (1986-1991-2001): as the global recovery began in the mid-1980s, the country was brought about by a continued recovery as the world moved out of stagnation.
A new round of rapid growth in international trade, shipping and shipbuilding markets into a new wave cycle, during which the number of new orders for shipbuilding globally increased only modestly, but the price index for new ships rose from 90 points in 1986 to 158 points in 1991 at a 75 per cent increase, and the price of new ships then plunged back into a long-term depression, but global shipbuilding orders continued to rise as a whole in the 1990s, and a new round of superwinding began to develop.
Third round (2002-2008-2019): China successfully acceded to the WTO in 2001, with globalization adding one important member, China’s manufacturing industry began to integrate into the world, and China’s economy became integrated into the world economy as one of the major engines for world economic development. Globalization moved fast ahead, shipping and shipbuilding markets entered a new super-winding cycle, with new orders in 2001 amounting to about 48 million tons, and in 2007 it reached the current ship-building week.
At the peak of the period, the number of new orders rose by 4.7 times, from 106 to 186, an increase of 76 per cent, largely in line with the previous round. In 2009-09, global demand fell after the collapse of the excess capacity and the bubble of the financial crisis, and the ship industry experienced a decade-long low, with the new global orders of 58 million tons in 2009, a significant decline of 67.8 per cent over the same period.
In 2016-2019, while new orders were still below delivery, the price index for new ships was not newly low, and the new landscape cycle was recommenced. Round four (2020-2025?-2035?): beginning in 2020, the normal functioning of the global shipping market is being compared with the continued spread of the epidemic.
A major impact, with tight transport capacity and rising aggregate prices, has led to a major outbreak of demand for container ships, with container ship orders taking the lead in 2021, and new ship prices have risen for 20 consecutive months, pushing the entire ship manufacturing industry into a new landscape cycle. According to the Chinese Ship Industry Association, “Looking forward to 2022, uncertainty about the impact of the new crown pneumonia epidemic on the world economy remains, and the external ring remains uncertain.
The situation is even more complex, but confidence in the shipping and shipbuilding industries has been significantly boosted, and the new international maritime environmental regulations are about to enter into force and decarbonization, and it is expected that our shipbuilding capacity will exceed 40 million and that the number of new orders will decline somewhat.” 2.1 Maritime transport is undoubtedly the best advance indicator for the shipbuilding industry.
On the demand side, the landscape of the ship-manufacturing industry was influenced mainly by the economic cycle, the volume of international trade, and the prosperity of the global maritime market, as well as by the renewal of ships, and was more cyclical. The international trade and maritime markets were undoubtedly the best way to observe the climate of the ship-building industry during the period 1990-2002, after accumulation and growth since the 1980’s, when the economies of Japan and Asia reached a high level of prosperity in the 1990’s.
At a point, the integration of emerging economies has contributed to the growth of global maritime trade, and the economy has slowly repaired the up-to-date cycle of the maritime industry, but overall, owing to the limited size of the demand side and the Asian financial crisis of 1997, which has once again interrupted the build-up, the overall sea transport climb has been relatively smooth. Since 2002, with China’s integration into the globalization process, the global maritime transport market has only entered formally.
In 2002-2007, the economies of emerging economies, such as the BRIC countries, led by China, expanded considerably, with the emergence of the new Economy as a new engine of growth in the world, and the supply of crude oil should not be driven by the steady growth of oil prices, especially at a high point on the eve of the 2008 financial crisis — $54.3/bpm in January 2007 and $133.87/bpb in July 2008, up by up to $146.54 per cent.
While oil prices were the first to rise in 2005 and dry cargo prices were the same as they were, and have remained at an all-time high since the beginning of the first half of 2020, affected by the epidemic, the capacity of containers has been restricted, but demand has recovered rapidly as a result of the European-American economic stimulus, the container prices have risen sharply, rising from about $10,000/day to $85,000/day in six months, and the prices of tankers have also increased twice as much as the prices of dry bulk ships.
There has been a significant increase, and the demand side of maritime vessels is beginning to show signs of warming. Figure 10: Maritime prices, 1990-2022, as measured by the increase in maritime trade, combined with the impact of the disease on dry bulk, containers, oil and maritime transport, showed a large decline in 2020
The valley was repaired quickly, but then returned to positive growth in 2021, with Clarkson predicting that the growth rate in 2022-2023 was expected to sustain the pressure on the small 2.2 supply end rise, and that the bargaining power of the shipyard was expected to increase continuously, from the supply end to the global view, with each of the past three cycles accompanied by a shift in the shipbuilding industry and technological change.
In the first cycle of the 1960’s, the world ship-building centre was transferred from Europe and America to Japan, in the second round from Europe and Japan, and in the third round from Japan to China and Korea. At present, Europe is still dominated by only a handful of high-value-added ship markets and key support systems; Japan’s overall city share has been reduced to less than 10%, relying more on domestic markets, and overseas markets are largely divided between China and Korea; and South Korea’s ship-building has long been ruled.
China has benefited from economic development dividends, and is gradually shifting from a large ship-building country to a strong ship-building country. In the current fourth ship-cycle, China has been able to expand its capacity only in head-building.
As a result of low productivity, the number of shipbuilding platforms and docks in the country dropped from more than 10,000 tons in 2010 to 472, and the potential for significant expansion of domestic shipyards in the future is weak after a significant increase in land and labour costs over a decade ago, and so far there has been no indication of any outward movement from China to South-East Asia, a marked discrepancy between the integrity of the country ' s industrial chain and China, and the requirements for ship technology and process in carbon neutral and contextual terms.
With a new step, no country yet has the capacity to take over the shipbuilding industry, which means that the supply side of shipbuilding will be released very slowly in this new cycle, even if the demand side of the current cycle is ultimately weaker than that of the previous ship, the profitability and sustainability of the head shipbuilding plant will be higher than figure 12: China ' s shipbuilding docks and shipyards.
From the point of view of capacity utilization, China’s shipbuilding capacity monitoring index (cci) continued to fall below 700 points between 2013 and 2020, in a cold zone, and domestic ship enterprises experienced a long process of decapitation. Until 2021, with the recovery of the global shipbuilding market, the China shipbuilding capacity monitoring index (cci) rose to 742 points, in line with 2020.
This represents an increase of 64 points, or 9.4 per cent, over the same period. For the first time since 2013, the freight costs of global container ships have risen significantly in the first quarter, and new shipping orders for containers have broken out. As a result of the rapid rise in the price of raw materials, the ratio of indicators such as income and profitability of shipbuilding businesses has declined significantly, with emphasis on monitoring.
The shipping market continues to warm up, the global new ship-building market continues to be active, the prices of new ships are rising steadily, and the focus is on monitoring the ship-building industry ' s chain of orders for six months up. Cci is rising gradually to 706 points at the end of the season, rising for the first time since 2012 to above normal levels. In the third quarter, the ICSI ring grew by 40.6 per cent, container and bulk ship freight continues to rise, and the focus is on monitoring the ship-building industry ' s hand-held ship orders back.
The end of the season Cci rose rapidly to 752 points, the highest in nearly nine years. In the fourth quarter, the international shipping market was hit by high shocks, the price index for new ships rose in inertia, and focused on monitoring shipbuilding enterprises with sufficient orders and full production tasks, but the value of the business fell by the same time. At the end of the year, Cci fell to 742 points, with a 10-point drop in the ring and remained within normal zones.
Looking forward to 2022/2023, uncertainty about the impact of the new coronary pneumonia epidemic on the world economy remains and the external environment remains complex, but confidence in the shipping and shipbuilding industries has been significantly boosted, along with market opportunities arising from the impending entry into force of the new international maritime regulations and the demand for decarbonization, and the global demand for new ship orders will not shrink significantly and will remain on a scale.
3. China ' s ships are expected to rise to a double-valued performance in 2009-2016, with a large number of ship orders brought about by the economic boom prior to the 2008 financial crisis and subsequent peaks in delivery in the years ahead, adding to the depressed global economic demand for maritime transport caused by the late economic crisis, which, despite repeated orders and deliveries during the period 2016-2019, remained generally low,
At the same time, the China Ship Industry Group and the China Ships Heavy Industries Group, which were successfully reorganized into the China Ship Cluster in 2019, began a period of consolidation of assets at the listed company level in 2021, with Chinese technology taking the lead in consolidating wind and power assets under the Group’s flag, and foreseeing the consolidation of the total ship’s assets. China’s ships, as the core platform for the ship’s overall loading, are expected to hit Davis twice.
3.1 The core business of Chinese ships is ship repair, which includes the military and civilian sectors, while the company ' s naval operations have been integrated into ship repair since 2021, accounting for 84 per cent of the structure of operations in 2021, in addition to power and electrical equipment, accounting for 10.3 per cent and 6.8 per cent, respectively.
Ship repair operations: As a result of the significant increase in shipping prices since 2020, especially container shipping, the shipbuilding industry has seen a dramatic increase. According to the China Ship Industry Association, in 2021 we received 67.7 million heavy tons of new ship orders, with a cumulative increase of 131.8 per cent over the year.
The cumulative number of hand-held orders was 220, totalling 1993.43 million heavy tons, and depending on the type of ship, the delivery cycle varied considerably, usually between 16 and 36 months, with a significant increase in the volume of new orders in 2021, and we believe that, based on the status of prior orders and capacity, the company ' s current order cycle may have reached 2026.
The price of new shipbuilding orders has been rising continuously since 2021, and we assume that the price and profit margin of ships delivered by 2024 will be higher than in 2023. The steel plate’s share of shipbuilding costs is around 30%, and the 30% increase in shipbuilding costs implies an increase of about 10% in total costs, taking into account the shipyard and upstream steel.
Long-term inter-plant cooperation, with a high level of procurement, we expect that the actual cost of shipbuilding in China will be less affected than measured, with the Māori rate for corporate ship construction falling from 9.27 per cent in 2020 to 8.99 per cent in 2021, with a slight margin, the Māori rate for repair operations being mainly associated with new ships, which are primarily single-ships this year, and the index for new ship construction this year, according to Clarkson, rising by 22.4 per cent from last year, and we assume that the company's prices in 2023.
Power and equipment operations: from 2018 to 2020, company power and equipment operations continued to decline, but with the recovery of the shipbuilding industry in 2021, there was a clear upward trend in new ship orders in 2021 as the landscape of the shipbuilding industry rebounded. Although there was a fall in the first half of 2022, the price of new ships continued to rise, and Chinese ships (China-East China-not-listed companies) accounted for around 20 per cent of the country ' s market share and would continue to benefit from the industry.
Because of the high cyclicality of the shipbuilding industry, there was a clear upward trend at the bottom of the new orders in 2021, with the industry starting to recover after years of lowness, but with reference to the last two cycles, the orders were not linear, and the sudden eruption of the orders, after a long period of lowness in the industry, could lead to a huge divergence of expectations between the shipowner and the shipyard, followed by orders that would normally fall in short time, but because demand was already on the rise, the new ship was on the rise.
In 2021, new ship-building orders and hand-held orders for companies increased significantly, indicating the strength of Chinese ships as industry leaders during the recovery of the industry. Meanwhile, as the 2021 orders focused mainly on container ships, the current fleet age of ships and environmental requirements became more stringent.
G, we believe that orders for oil tankers and dry bulk carriers will be released gradually in the near future, and that the outlook for the ship-building market is expected to continue for the next 2-3 years. By reference to the company’s history of pb and pe, China’s shippe is very volatile, it is not clear that the trend is too clear, pb is relatively smooth, and it is clear that the weather phase pb is rising rapidly.
Listed companies with shipbuilding operations include China Heavy Industries, China Ship Defense, Jianglong Boats, and Assam anchor chains, which can be found to be significantly higher than Chinese ships in terms of valuation, depending on the industry cycle.
Taken together, the ship manufacturing industry has moved out of a low-end phase and is on its way to a state-of-the-art stage. For ship-making enterprises, there is a huge difference in corporate profitability between the downturn and the boom. The 2021 purchase orders will be delivered mainly in 2023. At this point, companies will be able to reap the risks of a global recession and stagnation: global market confidence has been weak since this year in the context of international geo-conflicts and recurrent outbreaks.
International decoupling risks have increased, economic liquidity and downside risks have persisted, the global political situation and the restructuring of the industrial chain have been re-emerged, the region of Europe and the United States has been stagnating, and the risks have increased, alerting itself to economic downturns and stagnating chain reactions. Cost-side price risks are high: 1) bulk raw material price risks: international commodity prices have continued to rise since last year, while ships have been building,
Seawork projects require large quantities of metal raw materials, such as steel: 2) companies have more overseas projects and foreign currency settlement orders, an unstable international environment, the probability of higher-than-expected fluctuations in exchange rates, or negative impacts on performance and profitability. The epidemic continues to increase its risk: repeated domestic outbreaks this year, and successive intrusions into Guangdong, Shanghai, Beijing, etc., have led to massive manufacturing stagnation.
Logistics is not working well, there has been a sharp decline in traffic throughout the country at key traffic hubs, and although the country is now back on track, the re-emergence of the ba5 in overseas soil requires vigilance over the reversal of the epidemic, which has impeded normal business activity and integration.
This report is presented independently and objectively. I have clearly and accurately reflected my research views. I have not received, nor will I receive, any form of compensation directly or indirectly for the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report.