Energy efficiency poles can grow in time and green hydrogen fuels can save carbon.
The State Council issues the Action Plan for Energy Conservation and Carbon Reduction, 2024-2025, which details priority areas and sectoral energy conservation targets. For the petrochemical industry, the Programme proposes: 1. Strictly stringent policies for the petrochemical industry. 2. Accelerated energy savings and carbon reduction in the petrochemical industry. 2024-2025.
The generation of about 40 million tons of standard coal with energy savings and the reduction of carbon dioxide (CO2) by about 110 million tons. 3. Promotion of process re-engineering of petrochemical processes. Promotion of renewable energy substitution, encouragement of research and development of renewable energy for hydrogen production technologies. Support for the construction of green hydrogen refining projects, and gradual reduction of industrial coal use.
Re-introduction of the energy-saving reduction target is expected to accelerate the clean-up of energy-efficient enterprises in high-energy-consuming industries. The company is a domestic coal-based industry with significant cost advantages, energy efficiency poles are ahead, the end of the cycle is significantly expanded, and the benefits of optimal industrial patterns will be fully realized. In addition, the company pre-positions the green hydrogen industry through light.
Energy efficiency leads the country, benefiting fully from the optimization of the industry: this time the State Council issued its new Action Plan on Energy Conservation and Carbon Reduction 2024-2025, which is expected to accelerate the clean-up of the production capacity of the energy-intensive industries that are lagging behind.
By the end of 2025, the refined oils, ethylenes, synthetic ammonia, electrostones industries could produce more than 30% of the energy efficiency poles, and production below the energy efficiency benchmark could be technologically modified or phased out. As a domestic coal-based vinyl-alkane tap company, energy consumption has been at the forefront of the industry and is continuing.
The China Petroleum and Chemical Federation published in August 2023, “Industrial energy efficiency for priority products in the petroleum and chemical industries in 2022”
The company is ranked first in the coal industry in China, and second in the coal industry in China in the water-efficiency runner poles. The company will benefit fully from the best patterns resulting from the industry’s backwardness and the retreat of production capacity.
Institutional investors as a share of the circulation a Rapid release of capacity and sufficient growth momentum: the company has a rich forward planning project and is in the process of releasing capacity for almost two years. In September 2023, the production of a three-stage 900,000 tonnes polyolefin device was launched and the capacity is in progress.
Releases; q1 company ' s 250,000 tonneseva project was launched in 2024; within 2024, the company ' s 2.6 million tonnes/year of coal-based hydrocarbons and the 400,000 tonnes/year of green hydrogen-coupled hydrocarbons project are expected to go into production and will continue to double the company ' s production capacity from 2.1 million tonnes to 5.1 million tonnes.
In addition, the company Bundang Ning Shaningdong and Nemon Gourdos have an advantage in energy prices and security. The company now has an equity capacity of 11.2 million tons, building an integrated chain of industry for coal-cara-finyl hydrocarbons, and growing momentum is evident.
Green hydrogen on the layout, contributing to green emissions reduction: the company ' s 2.6 million tonnes/year coal-based and 400,000 tonnes/year-along green hydrogen-coupled hydrocarbons project is the largest coal-based hydrocarbon in a single plant worldwide and the largest global project to replace fossil-based energy with radon.
Complementing the “green power” to “green hydrogen, green oxygen” and directly to chemical systems for the production of various chemical products has achieved a “carbon neutral” scientific path to replace fossil energy in new energy sources. The project is now halfway through the construction process of the Inner Moon, with a total investment of 47.811 billion yuan, projected to be in 2024.
Production. The company uses green hydroxylene to reduce energy efficiency from its source, demonstrating commitment and forward-lookingness in the direction of saving emissions.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong), Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare this report is reliable, but the information in this report has not been independently verified.