The first quarter of 2024, the first quarter of 2024, the second quarter, the second quarter of 2024, the second quarter, the second quarter, the second quarter of 2024, the second quarter, the second quarter, the second quarter of 2024, the second quarter, the second quarter, the second quarter, the second quarter, the second quarter, the second quarter, the second quarter, the second quarter, the second quarter, the second quarter, the second quarter, the second quarter, the second quarter, the second quarter, the second quarter, the second quarter, the second quarter, the second quarter, the second quarter, the second quarter, the second quarter, the second quarter, the second, the second, the second, the second, the second, the second, the second, the second, the second, the second, the second, the second, the second, the second, the second, the second, the second, the second, the second, the second, the second, the second, the second, the second, the second, the second, the second, the second, the second, the second, the second, the second, the second, the second, the first, the, the first, the, the, the first, the, the, the, the first, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the most, the most, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the most, the most, the most, the most, the most, the, the, the most, the, the most, the most, the most, the most, the most, the most, the most, the most, the most, the most, the most, the most, the most, the most, the most, the most, the most, the most, the most, the most, the most, the most, the most, the most, the most, the most, the most, the most, the most, the most, the most, the, the, the, the, the most, the most, the most, the most, the most, the most, the most, the most, the most, the most, the most, the most, the most, the most, the most, the most, the most, the most, the most, the most, the, the most, the
The sales of the company ' s main product, polyolefins, have increased and the ring has been stable. Ningdong ' s 3-tonne production of 1 million tons contributed to an increase in the production capacity of the company ' s polyolefin production in the first quarter of 2024.
This is stable. The Immon Phase 3 million tonnes of AFO project is expected to go into production in the fourth quarter of this year, with high production capacity and rapid expansion contributing to a rise in corporate profitability. Depending on factors such as increased production capacity supply and weak overall demand, PFO prices declined in the first quarter of 2024, and polyethylene/polypropylene prices declined in the first quarter of 2024.
Oil prices remain high, influenced by factors such as geopolitics and core supply-side reduction strategies, while the cost of the main process of oil-based hydrocarbons is still higher than the cost of coal-based hydrocarbons for bountiful energy, the company ' s carbon-based plates, the decline in sales and average price ratios of coke production, which drags off performance.
The price of coke and coke in the first quarter has swollen downwards, mainly due to weak demand, such as property demand, and losses in the steel plant, leading to a decline in production. It is expected that the coke market will remain weak in the second quarter, and will require a push-up from the bottom to the bottom, such as a pool.
The price of raw coal has fallen. In the first quarter of 2024, the company ' s main raw materials were gasated coal/corrosion coal/ " Four-quarter performances (600989.sh) - with a similar increase in the ring, production capacity continued.
Coal prices have continued the downward trend as of the current April average of about 589 yuan/tonne (year-to-year: 25 per cent, ring ratio - 9 per cent); Mongolian cocoal site cost 1414 yuan/tonne (year-to-year: +3 per cent, ring ratio - 9 per cent). Energetic Energy (600989.sh) - 2023q3 performance is projected to double with ring-to-ring growth, polyfinylene production
The price of power coal may continue to face downward pressure in the short term. As the demand for coal increases in the summer, The Treasure Energy (600989.sh) - Coal-based Acrylic Hydrocarbons are being repaired for profit, and new projects are increasing.
In the meantime, the company owns the coal mine to build a solid profit base. We maintain the company’s net return profit for 2024-2026.
In the first quarter of 2024, the net profit went up and down. In the first quarter of 2024, the company collected $8.23 billion (+22%, Ring - 6%), the mother ' s net profit was $1.42 billion (+20%, Ring - 19%) and the non-mother ' s net profit was $1.480 billion (+16%, Ring - 18%).
Net interest rates have fallen. Māori in the first quarter of 2024 was 29% (year-on-year +1.0pct, ring-2.2pct), net profit figure 2: Single-quarter net profit (billion yuan) on bovine energy, figure 3: Māori quarterly, net interest rate on bovine energy
Figure 4: Quarterly sales, management, R & D, financial cost of Bo Fong energy The company ' s main product, polyolefins, has increased in equal terms and the ring has been stable. The company ' s main product was assembled in the first quarter of 2024. The tons of polyolefins project is expected to come into production in the fourth quarter of this year.
The price of polyolefins declined in the first quarter of 2024 as a result of factors such as increases and weak overall demand, and the average non-tax-free sale price of polyacetene/polypropene was $6924/6524 per ton, respectively (3 per cent - 6 per cent, ring ratio - 1 per cent - 3 per cent). Oil prices remained high, influenced by geopolitical and core supply-side reduction strategies, and mainstream process oils.
The cost of acetylene is still higher than the cost of a coal-based carbide fuel, and the cost advantage of the company ' s carbide plate remains. The sales of coke and the average price ratio have fallen, delaying performance. The average non-taxed sale price of the company ' s coke in the first quarter of 2024 was $1533 per ton (year to year to 14 per cent, ring to 9 per cent) for the first quarter of 2024.
Quarterly coke and coke prices have swollen downwards, mainly due to weak demand, such as property demand, losses in steel plants, etc. The coke market is expected to remain weak in the second quarter, requiring catalytic improvements such as downstream repossessors. Figure 5: Distribution of boon energy polyethylene (tonnes)
Figure 6: Distribution of bouncing energy polypropylene (tonnes) Figure 7: Sale of bovine energy coke (tonnes) Figure 8 Prices of bovine energy staples ($/t)
The price of raw coal fell. The average price of the coal/coal/power coal pit in the company ' s main raw material gasification material in the first quarter of 2024 was $672 per ton (year-to-25 per cent, ring ratio - 9 per cent) and, as of the present April, the average price of coal continued to fall. The price of the coal site in Mongolia ' s cokerland was $1414 per ton in the first quarter of 2024 (year-to-year-+3 per cent, ring price)
Compared to 9%. The power coal price is expected to continue to face downward pressure in the short term. As recovery coal demand increases, there may be surging stock-driven coal prices.
The company's 250,000-ton/year-old device was put into trial production in early February of this year and has contributed incrementally in one quarter. The value of the device is available for tons at an average unit cost of $9,141 per tonne.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject