The incident company issued a quarterly report that generated $8.227 billion in operating income in the first quarter of 2024, compared to the Rwenpo.
22.19 per cent growth and 5.82 per cent decline in the ring ratio; net return to mothers of 1,421 million yuan, representing an increase of 19.89 per cent over the same period; FFA price differentials for improved performance of the Kaningdong III project, with company performance of 2401 ms. polyethylene, polypropylene, coke sales of 29.53, 26.76 and 17.4950 million tons, respectively, increasing by the same amount.
The price differential for polypropylene increased by 10.90% and 5.25% respectively; the price of coke decreased by 14.46% and the price difference improved by the same amount.
The project has been successful in producing an increase in releases, and the company ' s sales of polyolefins have increased significantly on the same basis; on the other hand, the price of raw materials coal has fallen, the price of polyolefins has fallen, the price of polyfins is expected to be relatively stable, the price of coke has fallen, the price is weak, or the company ' s 24q1 performance ring is the main cause of the decline.
Since the beginning of the 2024 performance year, oil prices have become more active, coal prices have decreased significantly, the PFO-coal price differential has widened, the coal-based industry has been on trial for production in mid-September and is expected to contribute to full-year performance in 2024; 250,000 tonnes/year have been installed.
Pilot production began in early February 2024, and design production capacity reached in March, and will contribute to some of its performance during the year. The price of coke has dropped several times in a quarter, the cost of coke has increased, and some businesses have lost production since the second quarter.
A rise in the price of coke is expected to rise. The company's increase in coal self-sufficiency has helped to increase the build-up of the Inner Monfon Project, a fully-owned company with medium- and long-term growth energy, to invest in a project to build 2.6 million tonnes/year coal-based and 400,000 tonnes/year planted green hydrogen-coupled hydrocarbons.
The project, which includes devices such as 3 x 2.2 million tonnes/year methanol, 3 x 1 million tonnes/year methanol, 3 x 500,000 tonnes/year polypropylene, and 3 x 550,000 tonnes/year polyethylene, began construction in March 2023, with production planned for October 2024.
The U.S.A. project is expected to inject new growth energy into the company, while continuing to consolidate the company’s position as a coal-based node.
[Galaxy] The company evaluates the energy of the treasure — the coke is weak and q2 industry has committed itself to producing this report independently, objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
In 2018, he joined the China Galaxy Securities Institute, mainly in the chemical industry. This report is provided to his clients by China Galaxy Securities Co. Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as Galaxy Securities).
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.