The company revealed a quarterly report on April 25th, 2024.
8.27 billion yuan, an increase of 22.19 per cent over the same period; net return to the mother of 1,421 million yuan, with a marked decline in the profits of the centrifugal business plate from the downside of the price of coal in the first quarter: one quarter of the company ' s main products of coke followed the downside of the price of coke, with an average price of coke.
1. Bo Fong Energy Company Ratings: The Rings continue to be good, and this year is the year's new amount, which is not strong enough, leading to a fall in the price of coke that does not allow the ricocaine process, the full production of coke.
Business chain profits are compressed, and coke single-line profits are still under pressure. The company has improved its own supply, with about half of the 2023.10.29 cases, affected by the downside of coal prices, with a marked decline in coke operations:
3. " Bo Fong Energy Company Review: Cokering Products Against Pressure, Fry Hydrocarbons at Lower Power Coal Prices, Improved Profiting for Fry Hydrocarbons, 2nd Quarter: Despite Continued Improvement " , 2023.8.27.
The price of power coal has also fallen along with the price of coal in the main direction of its operation, but the price of pit coal has fallen somewhat behind, resulting in the profit of less than one quarter of coal-based acrylic acrylic acrylic acrylic acrylic acrylic acrylic acrylic acrylic accelerates.
The price ratios for polyethylene and polypropylene remained high, with the price ratios for polyethylene and polypropylene dropping by only 1 per cent and 3 per cent.
The eva project is moving towards formalization, with the Nemon project expected to start contributing in the fourth quarter: about 253,000 tons of production was achieved during the quarter, with the completion of almost one month of production, and it is expected that, after adjusting the parameters of the products of the successor company, the troupe will begin to stabilize.
Profit-making; ongoing progress of the company ' s Inner Mon project, which is expected to enter the production phase in the fourth quarter, with the installation restructuring being completed, is expected to result in a further increase in the volume of production sold, as well as an increase in the amount of inner bromine due to such advantages as freight, depreciation, process, etc.
The project is expected to lead to a further increase in net single-ton profits, which will provide companies with good cash flows and a stable platform for development. The price of raw materials is volatile: increased industry competition: downstream demand does not meet the expected risks.
Analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market