1q24 performance forecast from Kyoto Easterna: the company achieved a net return in q1 in 2024 ivzy@cfsc.com.cn
Global semiconductor displays a leader, industry a strong leader, core business semiconductor display, corporate lcd as a whole and five major mainstreams in 2023.
High-end flagship products continue to break through, and super-sized products achieve their first global output. Adspro products achieve high-end market breakthroughs at tv. In the field of oleds, the competitive advantage of soft apoled is strong, and the profitability of mature production lines is improving.
The country’s first production line, 8.6 generations of aoled, has been built, and the soft one has the potential to become a new growth point for the company’s performance in the future. The lcd business is entering a new cycle, and the oled production line is expected to be profitable throughout the year.
Since 2023, with the supply end of Japan’s lcd capacity almost cleared and the plant downed, the global large-scale lcd panel pattern has been concentrated on mainland China, and the panel industry has opened a new order. The demand side of the q1lcd panel in 2024 was prepared for sporting events.
Expected impact of demand and high prices, early release of end-user orders; supply side always following the “demand-for-production” strategy, February affected by the spring season, low crop rate maintained, March orders released boosted and crop rate increased rapidly; price, tv
The price of class products has risen since February and has increased further in March. On the uned side, with the further penetration of the uned screen at the end of the cell phone and the high-end folding of the machine, we expect the company to achieve a soft-led screen in 2024.
With a high target of 160 million films a year, the company’s profits on the old line are expected to improve further. The overall layout, “1+4+n+ecological chain”, highlights the advantages of diversified development.
The company is actively taking advantage of the industry, focusing on the four main high-altitude channels and the power force, focusing on high-quality development: the innovation, the sense and the intelligent medicine industry; the rapid growth of mled operations; and the synergy and integration of upstream and downstream resources.
At the same time, companies have continued to promote the transformation of the network, and market expansion has been effective. tv terminal
Quality of operations continues to improve, mnt terminals reach the top three globally for the first time, iot application terminals remain the first in the world in the whiteboard, collage, advertising machine segment market, and whiteboards are the first to jump to the top for the first time, and market influence continues to rise.
The counterpart is 39, 20 and 15 times, taking into account the reversal of the panel industry cycle and the long-term nature of the company's industry discourse and new technological developments as a global display leader, and covering it for the first time, giving an “enhanced” investment rating.
Downstream demand falls short of expected risk, Japanese Korean output exits slower than expected risk, olds less than expected risk, diversification less developed than expected, etc. ▪ Introduction to electronic communications group
Mao Jianxin: Master of Materials, University of Gangan, three years of work experience in American semiconductor companies, participation in the advanced process of leading semiconductor manufacturers worldwide, five years of experience in commodity portfolio development, and employment in Ko Yonghau, 2018-2020: Doctor of Physics, University of Gangdan, successively in China Tech Ltd., Eastern Wealth Certificate
Ludjoyang: Master of Arts at the National University of Australia, formerly employed in Fangzheng Seok, four years of experience in research. 2023 Zhang Shuu: Bachelor of Science in International Political Economics, University of Haya padada, and Master of Economics, University of Hong Kong, 2023, who joined China to reflect his research views.
The equity market is based on 300 indexes of depth: the new three market is based on three indexes (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or three market indexes (for the subject matter of the market transfer).
The Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
Yes, but without any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information. We have tried to report its contents objectively and impartially, but the information and views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, which do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financials, and the persons to whom this report is based.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.