In 2023, a steady increase in the seasons was reported, with the Division “1+4+n+Eco-links” having achieved quarterly growth in income and net profits from non-repatriation, operating steadily throughout the year.
Because: 1) the prices of the tv group of products rose markedly in the first three quarters of 2023, prices of the tv group of products were stable and the industry was enjoying a warmer pace; q4 followed by a smaller fall in product prices and a steady decline in industry fluctuations. 2) The firm ' s soft aoled continues to have high demand.
The year-round output has grown significantly to 120 million pieces, successfully meeting the annual delivery target, and the profitability of mature production lines has improved significantly, and the first generation of the country's 8.6-generation amoled production line has been built, with a 81.4 per cent increase in the same year for the mled operation; and the same year for the smart medical industry has increased by 26.7 per cent.
(a) The company continues to be a strong market leader in the field, and lcd as a whole and five major mainstream areas continue to be the world's leading product delivery and area of delivery. The lcd area continues to optimize product structure, with the advantage of high-end flagship products.
Keeping the breakthrough, super-sized products achieving the highest global output, adspro products achieving tv high-end market breakthroughs, accompanied by a consistent shift in supply patterns towards continental poles, a gradual improvement in demand, and a sustained recovery in lcd prices, which is expected to boost corporate performance.
With a strong competitive advantage, which focuses on rapid penetration of high-end products such as ltpo, folding and coe, the volume of flexible goods delivered by the public sector is expected to continue to grow significantly and to improve the product structure and profitability to become a new growth point in the company ' s performance.
"Kyotoa (000725): 2023 mid-time press "1+4+n+eco-links" , capturing the big opportunities of the smarts conglomerate age: 1) companies as half-point performance: improved performance on a quarterly basis, with a prominent effect
The body displays a leading industry, focusing on four major high-diving channels, and promoting high-quality development: innovation/sensor and solution/intellectual medical operations fast-paced; rapid upgrading of the luminous light power mled industry; strategic integration of the company into the public platform; rapid layout of the mled chip
Key links, completion of the initial layout of the Asia-Pacific and European markets; high-submarine routes are expected to become a future camp.
Performance forecast rating: q2 single-season non-profits, continuous improvement in quality, first-time Mnt terminal delivery to the top three of the world, continuous expansion of the iot terminal, segmenting of markets, consolidation, advertising machines, etc., leading to global output, whiteboards, etc.
For the first time, the volume leaps to the top of the world; it continues to expand its clients, increasing its market influence.  Profit forecasting and investment ratings: we adjust the profit forecast because of the 23-year overall price hike in the panel industry and the lack of a downstream recovery, but we still look at the reversal of the corporate-beneficial industry cycle.
The fast-tracking mled track, where the company ' s net return profits for the period 2024-2026 are expected, respectively, to have been certified as portfolio investment consulting by Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.