Kyotoa (000725.sz) Quarterly improvements in profitability, and the lcd industry has started a new phase of steady profitability.
Annual revenues of $17,543 million (Yoy-2.2 per cent), resulting in a net profit of $2,547 million (Yoy-66.3 per cent). (Yoy-32.5 per cent, qoq + 432.7 per cent). In 2023, in the context of demand-side production, the price of the lcdtv panel was mild and the company ' s profitability gradually improved, with a continuous ring ratio from the 3022 company ' s Māori ratio.
In February, the price of the lcdtv panel began to rise, and the industry was expected to benefit fully. In the second half of 2022, the supply side of the lcddddv panel began to regulate prices by controlling crop rates, 2023, the lcdtv panel.
Prices are mild and volatile, and the panel plant's performance improves on a quarterly basis. In 2023, companies collected $147,053 million in displays, a decrease of 2.06 per cent in the same year.
High-end flagship products are still breaking out, super-sized products (~85 inches) are the number one source of global output, and high-end tv market adspro technology is selling nearly a million pieces. One quarter is a low-season industry, and the price of the lcdtv panel began to rise in February, accelerated in March, and in April, under the production strategy of the panel plant.
With demand driven by demand for supplies expected to remain on the rise, the industry is expected to enter a new phase of steady profits, and the public sector will benefit fully from being the leader of the industry. The supply of the uned panel has grown rapidly, and the build-up of the high generation-generation production line has strengthened its leadership.
In 2023, the company sold nearly 120 million pieces of flexible mooled, which increased significantly in comparison with the previous year, and the profitability of mature production lines improved significantly. Companies actively seized market opportunities, started building the first domestic 8.6-generation mooled line, and continued to consolidate semiconductors to show industry leadership.
In 2023, there was a rapid increase in the number of innovations, senses, mleds, and smart healers. In 2023, companies were able to create innovation, senses, mled, and intelligent medical workers in the process of transforming the network.
405 million yuan (yoy+32.13 per cent) for the sense business, and 2,902 million yuan (yoy "Kyotoa (000725.sz)-lcdtv) prices continue to rise, with moderate fluctuations after the second quarter, the industry is expected to enter a new phase of steady profitability, and companies will benefit fully as industry leaders.
Kyodonga (000725.sz)-lcd panel regurgitation, oled panel A (000725.sz)-lcd panel price drops fast, operating in the first half of the year.
Figure 2: Business income for the single quarter of a company and rate of increase for the same period, Figure 6: Corporate marketing, management, R & D, financial cost rates, Figure 5: Combined Māori for the single quarter of a company, net home interest rate, rate of cost for the period
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject