Quarterly review in 2024: Performance is bright and promising, and continues to benefit from the ups and downs of the panel. Quick and steady growth in corporate performance in the first quarter of 2024.
The revenue was 45,890 million yuan, an increase of 20.8 per cent over the first quarter of 2023, with the industry ' s overall heating terminal now increasing significantly, with net return profits reaching 980 million yuan, a significant increase of 297.8 per cent in the same year, net profits of 600 million yuan, an increase of 135.8 per cent in the same year and a sharp increase in performance.
lcd continues to innovate, and the industry is moving fast: 1) As a global semiconductor, Kyodong has been ranked first in the world for six consecutive years in the field of screen displays, and is relying on the industry-led high-end adspro hard-screen solution, linked to HE Xin.
A series of big screens, super-high-end liquid crystal displays, super-clear smart television products with partners like Think, Genesis, and Rainbow, along with supply patterns that continue to tilt toward the continent’s poles, adding up demand gradually, and icd prices that are expected to stay warm and drive companies’ performance to improve.
2) In the field of flexible displays, as a domestic early deployment, technological excellence and market applications in the field of soft-led, the company has now established three Article 6 flexible-moderated production lines in Chengdu, Chongqing and Shinyang.
At the market level, Kyoto’s soft-led output has been the second largest in a series of years and the second highest in the world. The volume of soft-aold exports is expected to continue to grow significantly and to improve product structure and delivery continuously.
Increased profitability to become a new performance growth point for companies.  Comprehensive layout: “1+4+n+ecological chain”, mastering the great opportunities of the smarts conglomerate: 1) Networking innovation of the ‘Kyoto’a (000725); 2023 report:
Business continues to develop at a high pace, smart terminal operations cover a variety of applications, development cycles and harvests are steadily increasing on a seasonal basis, and companies are well placed to take the lead in quality control industries, systems programme areas are plowing multi-material networking sub-scenes; 2) telepathy
At the operational level, the first four super luxury flagships, mpv arcium 009 light, became the full "1+4+n+ Ecolinks" layout.
A milestone in the upgrading of intelligence has been the establishment of an industry in the area of vehicle-borne light transfer by the Kyoto Eastern senses business.
xr, film, etc. Multi-dimensional applications. In addition, Kyoto East continues to accelerate global industrial layout and appliance. Performance rating: performance improves on a quarterly basis, leading effects highlight the optimal pace and invests in the first foreign-owned and intelligent factory in Vietnam to offer global clients.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: Against the backdrop of a gradual recovery in industrial demand, we look forward to the company being subjected to a profit panel industry cycle reverse and fast-tracking mled, and we maintain the profit forecast.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.