The opening of a new order in the lcd industry, with a global display of diversified growth, took place on the night of 1 April 2023, when the company realized its income in 2023.
\triangleright realizes a net profit not attributable to the mother - 633 million yuan (same loss). For the first quarter of 4q23, the company achieved a revenue of 48,028 million yuan (yoy+5.17%, qoq+3.65%) and a net profit attributable to the mother - 1,525 million yuan (yoy-
The global semiconductor displays a leader and industry is rising steadily. Kyoto East, a leading global network, has created a new company, \triangleright, with a “1+4+n+ecological chain” development architecture that deepened in 2023.
On the business side, in 2023, the company ' s output continued to be the world ' s highest in the lcd as a whole and in the five mainstream applications; super-sized products (~85 inches) achieved the world ' s highest output; soft-led shipments reached nearly 120 million pieces, resulting in a single-year high, and the construction of the country ' s first 8.6-generation amoled production.
At the same time, corporate transformation gains continue to emerge, smart finance continues to expand, strategic-level clients, sensed business, smart-medical business is growing at the same time, and the mled business and Xian’s strategic integration have further improved the industrial landscape.
Since 2023, with the supply \triangleright \
At the end of the year, the North Korean factory’s lcd output was almost clear, and the price-fixing power of the world’s big lcd panel was transferred from the Korean factory to the Chinese land manufacturer, and the panel industry opened a new order. According to witsview, the price of the lcdtv panel was evaluated from 1.Kyotoa (000725.sz) in 2021:
Twenty-one years of record-highest performance, indicating a sustained rise in the long line, has surpassed the September price highs of 23 years. Looking to the post-market, with both supply and demand stimuli, the global television panel market remains dynamic and demand-strapped.
On the demand side, the panel price increases are expected to add up to promotion and match preparation requirements, and current brand purchases are still relatively strong. On the supply side, the demand recovery and the healthy holding of the panel stock have led to a marked recovery in crop activity levels since March, but the closing of the old production lines and the consolidation of the industry's M & As are expected to occur.
Kyoto East is expected to pick up crop rates and prices at a time of gradual improvement in supply and demand. As a global champion of industry voice and growth-oriented new technologies, the “recommended” rating is maintained.
\triangleright or the risks of new technology being developed below expectations. Methodology and analytical logic leads to conclusions, the present report is presented independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and perspective.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.