\triangleright 27/10/2025 \triangleright
>2025q3, net profit ring for corporate return increased by 883 million yuan, mainly from the Maori ring increased by 2,139 million yuan, resulting in the best profit in a single quarter. 1 fraction for copper/cobalt/meat/tungsten/tungsten/phosphorus/trade
Billion dollars. The main increase in profits comes from trade and internal offsets, which are offset by a combination of profits and losses, taking into account the q3 fair value change ring ratio, a reduction of $2.03 billion or a loss on futures, mainly at the end of the trade.
Zhang Qing has clearly gone up the line. 3-volume: q3 major metal products have increased most of their production by ring, but sales have declined to varying degrees. 426 million yuan, mainly due to financial cost or other factors.
The income tax: 668 million yuan for q3 ring, 27.5 per cent for q3 real tax, 9.5 pct for the ring, mainly due to the settlement of the q2 Democratic Republic of the Congo gold transfer, and the higher base for income tax costs.
Review: The record of performance is new, and the bill to prepare for the copper-cobalt Resonance 2025/08/kfm II is considered by the board of directors.
2-year period, to be completed by 2027, with additional primary mine disposal size of 7.26 million tonnes/year, expected after delivery: purchase of gold to build a second-growth curve, management adjustment, new average of 100,000 tonnes of copper metal per year.
\triangleright 3. The Luoyang industry (603993.sh) reported annual depths of 1 million tonnes in 2024, and Kfm II project landing will contribute 100,000 tonnes of copper production growth to complete forward production
The project uses low-skinning compared to open-air mining to produce an average of 11.5 tons of gold per year and 19,000 tons of copper per year. According to the report, the project is being accelerated.
Queries: q4 performance is over-expected, twin stars are brighting up 2025/, and production is planned to take place by 2029. "Manager adjustment, move to a new chapter. The new director and senior management team have been restructured, and the specific rules of the equity incentive plan are expected.
\triangleright \triangleright 1 incident: 3-quarterly report of the company in 2025
2-point review: Increases in major metals prices, re-innovation of q3 performance $14.280 billion, or 72.61 per cent more than year-on-year net profit. Growth in performance in the same year was mainly due to increases in Maori, cost savings, and fair value changes.
The main increase in the growth of the copper-cobalt plate is the main increase. The financial cost of the first three quarters was $1.03 billion, a 60 per cent reduction in the year-on-year ratio, and a significant decrease, mainly due to the decline in the size of the loan and the increase in exchange earnings; the increase in the fair value variable. The main reduction is income tax and minority shareholder interests.
Prices: The prices of the company's main metals have all risen, and the overall Māori rate of the company's mining operations has increased by 6.6 pct to 53.0 per cent. Copper cobalt plates: the prices of copper and cobalt have all increased in the previous three quarters, thanks to the ban on Congolese gold exports, the price of cobalt has risen significantly, and the discount factor for hydroxide has also increased significantly, with the Māori ratio of copper and cobalt being 54.1 per cent and 63.5 per cent, respectively.
Other plates: The price of molybdenum increased by 6.3 per cent in the previous three quarters and the price of tungsten by 29.9 per cent in the previous three quarters, and the price of tungsten concentrate increased by 29.9 per cent in the same year, while the annual average price of phosphorus/phosphate ammonium per year increased by 12.3 per cent per +20.3 per cent, respectively.
Volume: The output and trade levels of each product exceeded the target (measured by 75 per cent of the median in the guidelines). Copper production was highest at 86.3 per cent, followed by tungsten at 85.7 per cent. Copper and cobalt plates: production of tfm and kfm in the Democratic Republic of the Congo exceeded the target.
Camp efficiency has increased, and production capacity in the eastern sector continues to be released. 78.6% of the company’s copper and cobalt plate copper/cobalt metal value in the three quarters of 2025 has exceeded production targets, despite a decline in production due to a decline in grade, thanks to an increase in recovery rates.
In the first three quarters of 2025, sales of the company’s main products were divided, sales of entropy and copper were on the same scale, sales of other products were on the same scale were on the same scale, and sales of cobalt were mainly affected by the Government’s ban on cobalt exports. It is worth noting that, although the ban on Congolese gold exports had been implemented in February, the company had a partial stock in transit.
Sales, as a result of which cobalt was sold in the first three quarters but sales fell by the season, showed a significant increase in copper and cobalt, a slight decline in thallium and an increase in phosphorus stability.
The price of molybdenum and tungsten products increased on a year-on-year basis by 6.6 pct to 47.32%, but the same volume of production and sales fell, mainly because of lower grade levels and higher prices, copper and cobalt plates: the core pillar was strong, and the Maori contribution significantly increased.
In the first three quarters of 2025, revenues from copper products were $38.618 billion, Māori 17.737 billion, Māori 54.07 per cent, an increase of 173 percentage points from the same year, benefiting mainly from the cost of higher copper prices and higher sales. Cobalt products are growing at the same time, and the whole plate is growing at the same time.
Triple phosphorus plate: Quantified lithium, with a significant increase in Māori. \checkmark’s financial cost dropped significantly in the third quarter of 2025. Of this amount, the cost of sales was $81 million, an increase of $0.09 billion, compared with the cost of administration.
1,826 million yuan, an increase of $85 million. Financial costs of $1.03 billion, a decrease of $1,534 million in the same year, mainly due to a decline in the size of borrowings and lower current interest expenditure compared to the same period in the previous year, the increase in foreign exchange earnings was also a gain of $1 billion. The increase was mainly due to Maori (+3525 million), which benefited from the full price of major metals, fees and taxes.
Gold (+945 million) is the result of a decline in financial costs. The increase in profits is due to trade and internal offsets, which are offset by a combination of profits and losses, costs and taxes, taking into account q3 fair-value variations of $2.03 billion or futures losses mainly at the end of the trade.
(+426 million) due to lower interest costs (ring ratio -$86 million) and higher exchange rate earnings, the sum of q2 Congolese gold is fully paid and the income tax cost base is higher. Price: the company ' s main metal varieties remain at high prices for three quarters, the price of  and the price of cobalt hydroxide are discounted
Cobalt cobalt plates: 2025q3 with a price of $979.7 per ton for cathode copper/metal cobalt and $15.9 per ton, respectively, as a result of the ban on Congolese cobalt exports and the decline in market stock levels, not only the maintenance of high metal cobalt prices, but also the significant increase in the discount factor for corporate products of cobalt hydroxide and the third quarter of cobalt hydroxide.
The price factor has risen to 83.8 per cent, and the current discount factor has reached 100 per cent. 39.7 per cent of the increase is expected to keep the price of tungsten in historically higher areas; in Brazilian phosphorus plates, the volume of iron/phosphorus: q3 major metal products has seen most ring-year growth, but the sales-to-ring ratio has declined to varying degrees.
The ban on the export of cobalt actually does not exist at the normal sales pace of q3, but is due to the company ' s adjustment of the marketing pace of the inventory in transit, which has resulted in some cobalt products being sold at q3 and benefiting fully from higher cobalt prices.
The price of tungsten continues to rise, and the company adjusts its marketing rhythm and does not sell all of its production: phosphorus plate: 2025 q3 / phosphorus production was 2610/330148 tons, the ring ratio changed - the same is true for phosphorus plate sales, which did not sell all of their production.
Trade plate: sales of 2025q3 concentrates and refined metals amounting to 94.85.2373 million tons, respectively, were completed by the company’s new management and moved to a new chapter. The company had previously issued an announcement, and its chairman, Yuan Honglin, and vice-president, and its chief investment officer, Lee, resigned. On 25 April, the company convened a board of directors to consider hiring additional executives.
On 30 May, the Board of Directors of the Department of Public Administration convened to elect Mr. Liu Jianchoong as its Chairman and to recruit Mr. Chen Heng-hoon as Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer of the Group.10
On 25th, the company issued an announcement that Mr. Sun Ruiwen, former President and Executive Director, and Mr. Kennyives, former Vice-President and Chief Business Officer, respectively, had resigned and that the company was proposing to appoint Mr. Peng Xuhui as President and Chief Executive Officer of the company and Mr. Brankobuhavac as Vice-President and Chief Business Officer of the company.
The company launched a heavy-pound equity incentive scheme in Hong Kong on the evening of September 23, to create a limited-stock vote scheme to award no more than 393 million shares of h shares to the incentive audience within the life of the plan.
The ceiling is about 10% of the total issued stock. This is one of the largest equity incentives in Hong Kong in recent years.
The company plans for the long term around 800,000 to 1 million tons of copper production, layout gold, etc., a new phase 2 is expected to be operational in 2027, with an additional primary mine disposal size of 7.26 million tons per year, reaching an average of one year after delivery.
100,000 tons of copper metal. In addition, the construction of the Heshima hydroelectric power plant in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, which has 220 megawatts of power capacity, and the construction of the trans-river bridge will provide long-term security for the supply of electricity in the future.
The copper-cobalt mine was phased out, taking into account the fact that forward planned increases began to fall gradually in 27 years, and we expect that 2025 - Congolese cobalt will end the export ban and move to an annual export quota system. The company may have experienced a significant decline in cobalt sales in 2026, but increased overall profitability as a result of higher cobalt prices. At the end of September, the war in the Democratic Republic of the Congo ended.
According to the Democratic Republic of the Congo ' s strategic mineral market, 3625 tons of tons were distributed on a monthly basis in October, 7250 tons in November and 7250 tons in December, and 2026-2027, according to the Democratic Republic of the Congo ' s strategic mineral market.
The annual quota was set at 96,600 tons, 87,000 of which were “base quotas” and 9,600 tons “strategic quotas” (a national priority project). On 11 October, the Democratic Republic of the Congo's Strategic Mineral Market Regulatory Authority announced a breakdown of the cobalt exit quota, calculated proportionately on the basis of the mining company's three-year exports up to the end of 2024.
The haemorrhage industry, kfm and tfm received 4250 and 2250 tonnes, respectively, representing 23.45 per cent and 12.41 per cent of the total export quota of 18125 tons in 2025, or 35.86 per cent of the total, thus extrapolating the 2026-2027 public quota, although it was already on the ground, to actual sales or will be realized at 25q1.
The target is 100% holding the cangrejos gold mine in Ecuador. According to the pre-research report, Cangrejos maintains a resource of 1,376 million tons of gold.
The average grade is 0.46 g/t, containing 638 tons of gold metals; 659 million tons of reserves, with an average gold grade of 0.55 g/t, and 359 tons of gold metals. The future lifetime of the mine is expected to be 26 years.
According to pre-research reports, the project uses open-air mining, with an average life-cycle extraction ratio of only 1.7 per cent, at a manageable cost. The project is mined for 26 years, with an average annual yield of 11.5 tons of gold, 7.2 tons of silver and 1.9 tons of copper, and a combined gold equivalent of 14.5 tons.
The average life-cycle recovery rate is assumed to be 85% gold, 78.9% copper, and 54% silver. According to the report, the project is expected to be ready and ready for production by 2029.
Cost and benefits: Based on pre-research reports, the cost of operating a mine unit during the life cycle is $818 per ounce of gold equivalent, assumed to be $1650 per ounce of gold, $20 per ounce of silver, $3.75 per pound of copper, 17.2 per cent for project Irrr and $2,238 million for npv (5 per cent discount).
Both are far above the assumed price, and the actual projects are irr and npv or higher. 3 Profit Forecasts and Investment Recommendation 1) projects are not progressing as expected. Companies still have growth projects in the future, and construction of these projects requires significant investment.
Human and material resources will have a profit impact if some unexpected and unexpected impacts lead to the project not progressing as expected. 2) Prices of major metals, such as copper and cobalt, fall. Companies produce large commodities, transparent prices, copper, copper, copper, etc.
Price fluctuations in products such as cobalt, molybdenum, tungsten, phosphorus have a significant impact on corporate profitability if macroeconomic acceleration is maintained, or if the price of metals falls as a result of the massive release of supplies. 3) Geopolitical risks. Corporate investment projects are spread out in China, Congo, Brazil, Indonesia, Ecuador.
If local governments change the direction of their market policies, or if policies are introduced to raise taxes on mining companies, laws are enacted against mining companies abroad, etc., there is a risk that the company’s interests will be compromised and that the company’s profitability will be exposed to exchange rate risk. Companies are spread across the globe, involving more assets in foreign currency, although exchange rates are used.
This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.