Study brief on Europa Homes (603833) (for the first time covered)
March 20, 20, 20, 2018 company performance, new point of view for the future. Performance of 1.2018: 20 per cent growth in revenue on a year-on-year basis, Li Sunhai
Right, the net profit from maternity is growing faster than the recovery rate. 2. Planning for the future: On the product line, the company, based on the original cabinets, baths, closet operations, the wooden doors, metal doors and windows are growing rapidly.
With a 50 per cent growth rate, woodgate revenues are expected to be about 1 billion in 2019, and will be active in building up a home for all in response to consumer diversification needs; on the channel side, sales will be largely dependent on the steadyness of distributors, adhering to the “1+10” end-marketing model and adhering to the “tree theory” values; and responding to the tendency to fine-tune.
Zhang Xiaojun has now established a strategic partnership with some 100 real estate companies such as Heng Dae, Huanko and Paulie.
At the end of September 2018, the company owned more than 4,000 dealers and more than 6,000 shops, of which 1,579 were cabinet dealers (collapse kitchens) and 2228 were garments;
964 dealers (independent closets) with 2,077 premises; 856 dealers in O'Pholy brand with 917 premises; 407 carriers (independent baths) with 448 premises; 844 dealers in woodgates with 747 premises; 333 dealers in wall decorations with 352 premises.
In 2018, the company ' s container store received more than 5 billion dollars, with the largest share of the country ' s municipalities (about 8 per cent); the garment store received more than 5 billion dollars, with the second largest share of the country ' s municipality (slightly less than Sofia).
The company controls the risk of default on the engineering bill, giving no more than 50 million credit to less powerful housing partners; as informationization and internal management improves, it hopes to keep the gross interest rate stable. We judge that the bill will not have much impact on the company’s profits in the next two years.
The company believes that future house-to-house consolidation could be an important direction for increasing industry concentration, and it works with the local market in the top three renovations, giving the company a discount at a price lower than that of local distributors, through benefit-sharing, performance-sharing, separation of channels, goods.
The different types balance the conflicts of interest between the local distributors and the local traditional distributors. Everyone lives on the path: one for the traditional distributors; two for the mini-owners; three for the owner, divided into a model (full-package cooperation) and b for the shop (small-point shop): 4 for the conglomerates, such as a kitchen, clothing, etc.
The investment proposal is that the home-based industry is well established and has a strong brand premium, that the timing of the return of real estate sales is yet to be confirmed, and that there is much room for improvement in the availability of cabinets and closets in the more advanced countries of Europe and the United States.
This rating system's “market index” refers to 300 indexes of depth. I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant, granted by the Chinese Securities Association, to produce this report with diligence and professionalism, independently and objectively and within the limits of my knowledge.
I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have no use for them.