Performance is as expected, with growth determination in the medium to long term Companies issue pre-performance reports for 2018: approximately operating income in 2018
Revenues and profits are generally in line with expectations. It was difficult to achieve this increase in income and profit in 2018 in adverse circumstances, such as a decline in the landscape of real estate and increased competition in the industry. Discrepancies show that we expect a slightly higher growth rate of 10% in cabinets throughout the year than in the previous three quarters.
Around the same time, closets are growing at a slightly higher annual rate than in the previous three quarters, and are projected to be 37% +. Looking forward, total market value/flow (millions of dollars) in 2019, we believe that growth in the traditional category is more difficult, given the different levels.
In some of the second-line cities, where the penetration rate of the overall closet is mixed, has reached more than 50 per cent, so the differentiated marketing and pricing strategy will be particularly important for Headquarters.
The demand for dealer management and coordination capacity will increase significantly, and it is expected that the information system will make a breakthrough.
- 2018/10/26 For most custom firms in the industry, because of the limitations of the 2020 software, a single Europa residence (603833) is expected to increase the rate of the closet.
The link is more demanding for designers, and some distributors need to be equipped with single designers to bounce under, build up more than expected, one stop to get the bill done, and the current European caxa software is more than just a three-dimensional combination.
The service is the ultimate goal - 2018/08/23 and 2020 functions, and it also compensates for the large number of bugs that appeared before 2020, which are now reported in the European Houses (603833) as meeting expectations.
500 malls have completed the system switch, and the next half of the year's revenue growth is expected to increase as the caxa software continues to mature.
The company uses the influence of Europa cards and house-wide customization capabilities to integrate the home-loading supply chain, work with local Top home-loading companies, and integrate them into the agency system, with strong alliances and complementarity of resources (products+).
By the end of 2018, 100% of the annual return and start-up targets had been completed. We believe that the advantages of the Europeans are more pronounced than the rest of the dressing patterns, and that it is expected that the year 2019 will be the end of the company's revenue line.
Real estate data show that there are opportunities, but more risk-sensitive. The recent master table of household housing, the monthly house completion data, has improved. (2) Total retail sales of furniture, published by the Bureau of Statistics in December, are home-led and continue to be purchased at the beginning of the year.
There's enough reason to go to yy's firm in 2019, but let's remind investors that especially in the first half of the year, the year 2018 was a relatively high base, and that we're not showing any significant signs of warming from the end-user's feedback, so industry reports the total for the first quarter of the year.
It's probably more stressful than it is. It's the absolute leader, the plastic business is expected to grow at a high rate, the information in cabinets is in a breakthrough, and the information in closets in the future is expected to be in a breakthrough, maintaining the "buy-in" rating.
Profit projection and financial indicators: Institute, Beijing, Beijing, West Side, No. 9 North Avenue.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.