During the reporting period, the company is expected to achieve revenue.
Performance is expected to remain robust throughout the year. o4 performance or conditioned by real estate factors \triangleright has dropped by 8.1% over the year, while the furniture industry is still burdened by real estate factors.
Compared to the 300-degree trend, the unit remains robustly growing, with slow profit-side growth, or related to a company’s active marketing strategy. Optimizing and dissipating Euros, O’Shealy overlapping distributors, and enhancing O’Shealy brand independence
The \triangleright company, which had previously been part of the dealership of both the Opié and the Ophori cabinets, has constrained the development of Ophori, which grew by only 7.7 per cent in the third quarter of 2018.
It is hoped that after independence, the Ovali brand will complement the main European brand and help companies gain a greater share of the market. By actively promoting the build-up of everyone, it is hoped that the momentum will grow again.
The company continues to explore a new business model based on its 17-year home-to-house approach. To date, the number of people in cities in which it operates has exceeded 22, with a target of 250-300 in 2019, covering markets at the local level and above, as well as some of the developed county-level markets.
We are looking forward to a new performance growth point in terms of building capacity, multi-species integration, and we are looking forward to building up the capacity of the company’s best channels to become a research assistant, Xian Chul.
1. Prices of raw materials rise; 2 downsides of real estate sales; 3 below expectations in the preparation business.
Review: Performance continues to grow at a rapid pace, with attention paid to the packaging channels. Data projections for corporate financial statements are summarized. Chen Baidu, Master of Technology Economics, Beijing University of Transport, 2012 Allies Democratic Securities Institute, research in light industry and listed companies.
Xiang Chul, a Master of Arts from Zhejiang University, joined the Institute of Civil Securities in 2017 for research in light industry and listed companies. The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the reports are derived from the regulatory channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial, and the conclusion is not subject to any third party’s approval or influence.