On 27/01/2019, the company issued an announcement of an increase in its performance for 2018: 18-year-long collection areas.
In spite of the delays in the reporting period, such as the period of the post-natal period, increased competition, and the diversion of channels, companies have been able to open up their own sources of synergies through a variety of means, such as the search for changes in the assembly model, the optimization of power suppliers, and large-scale channels.
The company's 18q4 quarter income is up by 1803 ring, as the whole stock is back on, and the retail sales of the closets are warming. The company values the upgrade of the assembly model, except through the top-up, which supports distributors in the development of the packaging channel for 18 years, depending on the cities and distributors.
The pilot has been able to develop new models of accommodation, longsand, and the channels have been successful. In addition, the company has actively promoted a variety of forms, such as mini-houses, garment shops, and security stores, to ensure that the growth of the crop is sustained.
▪ Strengthened business management + information-based construction, resulting in efficiency gains. At the profit end, the company has continued to achieve efficiency gains by opening up information-based construction, fine-tuning supply chain management, optimization of production processes, and improvement of the talent ladder, with profits increasing at a faster rate than income growth.
The change in approach (from one-time recognition to one-time confirmation) has led to a slight decrease in the subject compared to the same period last year (the government grant received in 17 years was $117 million).
In the prevailing environment, customized leaders, represented by Europeans, have a clear competitive advantage in terms of high-quality distributor resources, new channels for building and developing capacities, internal management, and organizational change. Accommodating home-loading market flows to brand-powered and large-scale customizations.
1. Europa Homes (603833): Revenues, conglomerates, we keep looking at the concentration of market shares in high-quality manufacturing firms in the medium and long term.
The value of the pre-deep recovery valuation is reasonable, long-term growth is good, and the firm is upgraded.
Now that we've met our expectations, we're not going to lose sight of the fact that, with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd. already has the Securities Investment Advisory Board.