In the market environment, where the growth of corporate revenue has remained steady, we estimate that company q4 is growing at a relative rate of q4.
There has been a steady rise in q3 as well, with traffic encryption and downfalls increasing market coverage, and multi-products strategies that have successfully helped raise the unit price. We expect company cabinets to become more widely available, with a single-digit growth throughout the year, and closet operations are expected to be overstretched by the elasticity of the channels.
With 30% of the growth rate and a small base and the company's focus on dynamic projects this year, the speed of the increase, the consolidation of channels, layouts, and a steady increase in the market share. The year 2018 was a year of property decline and pipeline fragmentation, diversification, and the company, on the one hand, increased the growth of its distributors and helped to reduce their pressure.
Subtract, hard-core, solidified distributors ' profitability and search for a backside breakthrough; deep-drawn markets, such as fitting, dressing, home-dressing, meeting the needs of different clients, including through the introduction of a special product package, and the layout of the front-end flow entrance to the renovation, bringing together more customer flows to drive the growth of the number of customers.
Markets have become more competitive. The company has the earliest full product matrix, and everyone has successfully experimented with business and dressing, and the number and quality of distributors are at a leading industry level, with greater resilience in the face of an unfavourable market environment, and we believe that the company is low in the market.
The superstitious competitive power has been strengthened and made apparent by the robustness of its traditional business and the speedier release of new industries like the rest of the world. Real estate rehabilitation has been valued, waiting for the industry to warm up.
Part of the property regulation policy has been somewhat relaxed, the market's confidence in the industrial chain of the post-natal cycle has recovered, and home-based electricians have come to the fore with valuation repairs. We believe that the housing landscape is still low, that grass-roots research has provided feedback on the pressure on distributors, and that the base is higher in the first half of the 18th year, and that the market has been perfected.
Real estate turnover has fallen sharply, and Ophori and everyone is not doing as expected. The three-quarter review of Europa in 2018: a low-prevalence industry.
The company's full-blown matrix and high-quality distributors' resources are helping to grow steadily, and we're putting together new businesses like everyone else, and as a result of the company's increased support for distributors, we're doing a small piece.
S.A.I.S.A. is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.
Yang Ji-wei.