Communion shares (300661): good product structure, big clients moving well and performing well.
The company is a very new enterprise focused on high-performance simulation of integrated circuit cores, film design and marketing, products covering both signal chains and power management areas, including operation magnifiers, comparison.
The main reason for the increase in profits is the company’s active expansion of its business and increased sales of its products, which are generally used in consumer-type electronics, mobile phones and communications, industrial controls, etc.
Products are highly skilled, and domestic competitive advantages are evident. Companies are the lead in domestic simulation of chips, medical devices, auto electrons, and emerging electronics such as wearing devices, smart homes, etc.
Enterprises, which have significant technological advantages in signalling chains and power management, maintain high R & D inputs over the long term, spread the gap with domestic competitors, and have an advantage in product prices and customer outreach. Successful entry into high-end client chains, product structures are gradually being optimized.
Debt relief and cross-equity presentations: The company has been able to enter the high-end customer supply chain quickly through the certification of customers such as China. On the one hand, the price space for the company’s products has been raised, and on the other hand, the ratio of high Māori products to output has increased.
US technology sanctions have accelerated the replacement of chips, prompting companies to get more orders. Under the US government’s sales ban, China has accelerated its search for substitutes for chips.
Intra-simulating chip lead companies that simultaneously get a large number of substitute orders and new and updated orders from Chinese companies, with a large increase in product sales of the same size. Thus, with multiple internal and external factors, high-end client product volumes + product structure optimization are public.
Corporate profitability projections and investment ratings: the company reversed its weak performance in the previous three quarters, and we expect that it will be able to do so in the second half of the year.
Source of Eastern financial and intellectual excellence St. State shares (300661): optimized product structure, large clients moving well and performing well above expectations Schedule: Company profit forecast
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the report of East Hing Securities.
São da Boa Vontade (300661).
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.