São Paulo shares (300661: first half of the year's financial report, São Paulo shares, a company focused on high performance simulation integrated circuit cores.
Events: Corporate business income of $296 million in the first half of 2019, 4 per cent increase in the same year, net profit for the mother, high-tech enterprises designed and sold, products covering both signal chains and power management areas, including operation magnifiers, comparison
RMB 60 million, a 47 per cent increase in the same year. q2 quarter operating income of RMB 184 million, a 21 per cent increase in the same year, a 64 per cent increase in ring ratio, a 64 per cent increase in ring ratio, a 44 million gain in net return to mother, a 89 per cent increase in the same year and a 180 per cent increase in ring value.
The general use of consumer-type electronics, mobile phones and communications, industrial controls, introduction of new products and changes in product structure has led to a 10-year high Māori rate in the first half of the year.
The overall Māori rate is 47.7%, an increase of 2.4pt over the same period. The introduction of new high Māori products and the import of high-priced products by large clients are the main reasons for the high Māori rate innovation in the first half of the year.
Ten thousand dollars, with more than 18 per cent of revenue, high R & D inputs are the basis for companies to continuously raise their profitability. Debts and cross-share presentations:
By the end of last year, the company completed the acquisition of 28.7% of the shares of the Quantai semiconductor, and this year, q2 quarter of Qatar contributed net profits to the company through the equity law.
$7.3 million, after excluding the impact of this share, the company’s net profit of q2 is $37 million, a 58% increase, and the ring is a 218% increase. U.S. technological sanctions accelerate the replacement of chip domestic production, prompting companies to get more orders.
Under the impact of the government sales ban, China has accelerated its search for a national alternative to the relevant chip. As a leader in a domestic simulation of the chip, the company has fully benefited from the opportunities offered by China to replace the national product, the whole product has gone downstream into multiple applications, and some of the high-unit Māori products have gone in.
Corporate profitability projections and investment ratings: The company reversed its weak performance in the previous three quarters, and we expected public parity to be 82, 51 and 35 times higher, respectively, maintaining a “strongly recommended” rating.
São da Boa Vontade (300661: first half of the year's good money, year-round performance, source of Eastern financial and intellectual prosperity, source of Eastern financial and intellectual prosperity.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports São Paulo shares (300661): first half of the year's good money, year-round performance.
Research assistant, Bachelor of Science in Engineering, Harbin Industrial University, Master of Finance, Shandong University, three years of experience as a nuclear power engineer, joined the East Hing Securities in 2019.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice involved. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.