São Paulo São Paulo (300661) Electronics, 2nd quarter overperformance, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
• Events: The company issued a semi-annual performance forecast, which projected a significant increase in net shareholder profits in the first half of the 2019’s year-on-year, single-quarter revenue. Based on profits in the first quarter of the year, the company’s profits in the second quarter were 37 million yuan-04 million yuan, an increase of 61-104 per cent in the same year.
A variety of products, with a single product share of less than 5 per cent, develop 100 projects each year, launch more than 50 projects, adding more than 10 sizes. Products have a long life cycle, some have a 30-year life cycle, and the performance of older products is constantly improving, with each product having company-owned characteristics.
• Simulating high barriers for customers in the circuit industry. Patterns of old customers, new products, new products, old customers, circular evolutions. New products are constantly multiplying, while new products attract new customers into procurement, creating virtuous cycles.
In such consumer electronics as smart hardware, wearable products, including titanium, rice, oppp, vivo, and so on, there are layouts for home power, tws headphones, etc. . . . ..one of the country's best analogue circuit companies.
Teachers need more than seven years of work experience, unlike digital circuits, which are more programme-oriented, and analogue circuits, which are more artistic in design, to rely on the accumulation of experience. Companies are now the only ones in the country to cover the chain of letters and power management. In the area of calculation magnifiers, cities are now second only to Ti and Di.
National production is a positive alternative. Because of trade frictions and US domestic policies, future Chinese Americans, or Chinese semiconductor experts in the United States, will be more willing to join the country’s excellent semiconductor companies, which will be of great help in addressing the current shortage of talent in the circuit simulation industry.
Growing procurement of domestic suppliers' products from the past only in the catalogue, to the present São Paulo shares (300661); simulation of the chip's scarce targets; real products for validation.
St. State shares (300661): q3 performance is steadily increasing, with scarce targets of long-term deliverables (2018-10-30) investing in the development of high-performance products that enhance their competitiveness, actively promoting national production substitution, and promising future performance
Domestic simulations of chip scarcity (2018-08-22) need to grow faster and maintain an “enhanced” rating. No one will receive any form of compensation either directly or indirectly for, and not for, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.