Letter creation X86cpu tap, i open dcu wide, 02/02/2024 Keyword: #Importsubstitute
National X86cpu Leader, first team of the national home-grown ai chip: Sealight Information received technical authorization for anmdx86 architecture in 2016, on the basis of which autonomy was achieved, with the introduction of self-researched cpu and dcu products. In 2018-2022, sealight camp receipts increased 106 times, and in 2022.
With the increase in scale, corporate profitability will continue to rise. The domestic leadership of the company’s product performance is the national product of cpu and dcu, which open up both the credit and the commercial markets. The company also gets credit in the financial, telecommunications and other sectors.
Internet client recognition for creating customers and commercial markets: 200 million yuan in 2021 in the Internet area, industrial innovation opening up the country's cpu market space, corporate performance eco-leading: x 86 server chip, based on idc data, x86 servers accounted for overall server delivery in 2020
In 2020, China ' s x86 server chips were as high as 6.98 million pieces, and the sales of sealight cpu products were about 3.75%. We expect that the party politics and the company industry will achieve full nationalization in 2027. In 2022, China ' s servers were about 4.48 million.
On the ecological side, the sealight architecture product, which uses sealight products, allows seamless top-level applications to switch, with less risk of migration. On the technical side, the sealight has absorbed the technology authorized for the amd, and it has become autonomous to sealight.
The technology changes have been combined with overseas sanctions, and the company’s dcu business has come up with an opportunity: demand side, the meta, the openai, and other big global plants are increasing their ai chip input. At the production end, power generation is not expected.
The US Department of Commerce announced on October 17 that it was planning to restrict the sale of a800 and h800 chips to China, and that there is an urgent need for national production. Sealight, the first echelon of national ai chips, is expected to benefit fully from the accelerated national production of ai chips.
On the surface, the sea light dcu is based on the gpgpu structure and is compatible with the common "cuda" environment. On the performance side, the sea light dcu is based on product fp64, which is capable of achieving a100 and mi100 levels introduced in 2020 by British Welda and amd, with the performance of second-generation products increasing.
100%, three-generation products are expected to be launched in 2024. In business applications, companies’ dcu products have been certified by Internet companies like 100%, Ali, and joint programs have been launched.
On the other hand, the demand for ari-calculus has increased with the rapid rise in the historical opportunity for a national chip manufacturer. The company’s dcu product performance is ranked first in the history of the ecosystem.
One. Based on this, we expect a net return profit for 2023-2025 to be 1. National production x 86cpu tap, dcu opening the second growth curve 1.1. Self-research based on an amd structure, with a sustained iterative performance.
Sealight Information is an autonomous R & D, based on the mdx86 technology authorization to design and market chip designers for cpu and dcu. The company was founded in 2014 and in 2016 it co-founded two subsidiaries, Sea Light Integration and Sea Light Microelectronics, and Sea Light was granted a technology authorization for md, and it was agreed that patents would be held by its subsidiary, Sea Light Microelectronics.
On the basis of the company’s ingestion, absorption, adaptation and enhancement of authorized technologies, it has developed and launched its own sealight series cpu products and deep-calculation series dcu products. The company’s main camp products include the Sealight General Processor (cpu) and the Sealight Association Processor (dcu) series.
The cpu product is divided into seven thousand, five thousand and three thousand series, mainly for servers and workstations. The seven thousand series is used mainly for high-end servers, mainly for complex applications such as data centres, cloud computing, etc. 5,000 series is used for mid- and low-end server requirements in information-based construction in government, business and education. The 3,000 series is used mainly for work.
Station and margin computing server, oriented towards entry-level computing. Sealight dcu is one of the gpgpuss, mainly for the 8,000 series, deployed mainly in the server cluster or data centre. cpu is updated to the fourth generation and dcu to the second generation.
Sealight II, Sealight III were commercialized, Sealight IV was released at the end of October 2023, and Sealight V was in the research and development phase. The company is selling sealight cpu products, mainly Sealight III. With respect to dcu, Sealight dcu is already in the commercialization phase, and Deep Count III is in the research and development phase.
1.2. In 2022, the sea light camp grew at an annual rate of over 100 per cent, driven by a combination of credit and commercial markets, mainly by rapid advances in industry and market recognition of corporate products, with an increase in the Māori rate due to the emergence of scale effects and product overlaps.
In 2019-2021, more than 60% of company revenues were in the 7,000 cpu series. In 2021, when the dcu8,000 series was launched, it was recognized by the customer, accounting for 10% of the year ' s revenue. We expect the 7,000 series to accelerate as the industry ' s credit flow process accelerates.
Cpu will continue to be the dominant component of corporate revenue, but the demand for artificial intelligence computing is strong, the volume of dcu is increasing rapidly, and the share of revenue is expected to rise further.
Year after year, the company’s collection consisted not only of creative customers in telecommunications, finance, transportation, but also commercial market customers, such as the Internet. Sealight, which had been recognized by its customers at the same time, had made large-scale deliveries, and we thought that its market ceiling was not just a credit market, but a Chinese market as a whole.
The company's new introduction of Sealight 1 is less efficient and less expensive. As the company's approval of the md is gradually absorbed, the new introduction of Sealight 2 is significantly more robust and more priced. The company's research and development of Sealight 3 and 4 is much more advanced, positioning higher markets.
On the one hand, the scale effect has reduced self-researching of the amortization of intangibles as a proportion of business income. On the other hand, as technology matures, the Māori ratio is higher than the Māori ratio.
The increasing share of sales revenue from the high 7,000 series of products has contributed to the increase in the Māori ratio of company-owned business. In 2021, the Māori ratio of company-owned 8100 dcu products was lower, at 34.84 per cent, mainly because the product had just been marketed and the sales received less, and the Māori ratio will increase gradually as the volume and scale of company-owned products increase.
In 2019, the management and sales costs of companies were higher among comparable companies, mainly during the period of market opening, with lower operating income leading to higher management and sales costs.
The scale of sales has increased significantly, while improving management, marketing efficiency, and the management and sales cost rates have fallen to lower comparable companies, and we expect that, as the company ' s Māori ratio has gradually increased, the management and sales cost rates have been further optimized, the net return rate has been 97.36 per cent, the head-line effect of the server industry is more evident, with the company ' s main clients concentrated in several major domestic servers.
The company is actively working with the downstream company, and the waves, co-owners, conjectures, Xinhua, etc. are already on board. 1.3. Shareholders have a strong background, encouraging retention of talent. China is the first shareholder or brings business support. The company’s first shareholder is China.
Central Light is the country’s top high-performance calculator, receiving the first share of Hpctop 100 (by number of installed machines) 10 times in 2009–09. Central Science Light relies on the Chinese Academy for accounting, with about 80% of the revenue in 2022 coming from high-performance computers and universal servers, which can support the development of the entire industry chain.
There is a cross-authorization agreement between md and intel for x86 structures. md and luminum set up two joint ventures - one for Chengdu Halow and Microelectronics, 51% for Hand, 49% for China, and 30% for Chengdu Sea Light and Integrated Circuit Design.
The two companies share 70% of the shares. Unlike the two companies, SEMEC was given and used nuclear-related technology from the X86 processor, which was responsible for the development of nuclear-related technology from the HYDRA processor; HYDRI was responsible for the development of related technology from the HYDRA periphery, some of which did not involve intel and amd cross-authorization agreements.
As of 31 December 2022, the company had 1,283 R & D technicians, representing 90.42% of the total number of employees. The backbone of R & D has a well-known national and international profile of chip companies, and has experience in successfully developing X86 processors or arm processors.
The platform, which holds 6.09 per cent, has a 48 per cent share and locks in the company ' s technical talent. 2. National production x 86cpu, industry innovation opening up the national production space 2.1.x86 accounts for a major share of the domestic server market, with a low rate of national production.
In 2020, 12.13 million servers were shipped globally, almost all of them x86 servers. According to idc, 1,2.13 million servers were shipped globally in 2020, with X86 servers accounting for 97.3 per cent of them, mainly with the early start of the x86 processors, and the eco-environment has a clear advantage over the other processors.
In 2020, China accounted for 29% of the world’s X86 servers, a higher than global increase than in the same year. According to idc, China’s X86 servers delivered 3.44 million units in 2020, accounting for about 29.14% of the global market.
The annual compound increase in Chinese x86 servers in 2020 was 9.80%, higher than the global rate of 5.59% over the same period. According to shares and idc data, in 2020, the ratio of 2x86 servers sold in China was 88.8%, and in 2020 the volume of Chinese x86 server chips was as high as 6.98 million and expected to be delivered in 2025.
q4, intel accounts for 74% of the global market for x86, while md accounts for 26%, as does the Chinese market. The x86cpu chip domestication rate is low, and corporate cpu sales in 2020 accounted for about its share of the total market.
Corporate products account for the vast majority of the market share of domestic production X86 server processors. 2.2. Industry innovations open up national production space, server demand increases, industry innovations are being replaced. We expect the financial sector pilot units to spend the entire amount of credit in 2021.
The annual operator’s pc server collection requires a 30% share of the national product cpu, which is expected to reach 50% in 2023. Finance and telecommunications are the two industries with the highest levels of innovation in the industry.
In 2022, the financial and telecommunications sectors accounted for 42/52 million, or 45% of the total. Server tenders increased in national production, and the city maintained its first two. In 2020, China moved.
In 2022, the proportion of tenders from some of these servers was more than 30%. In 2023, the companies, such as banks, operators, and others, released their bids from pure national servers. The two major suppliers of these services are Hai Xin and China.
In March 2016, the company launched the Sealight 1 design based on the technology of the amd authorization, and in April 2018, Sealight 1 achieved its mass production. In January 2020, Sealight 2 achieved its full capacity.
Production. In 2022, Sealight III was launched and commercialized. In 2023, Sealight IV was released. It is expected that Sealight V will be released in 2024. The company has completed its digestion of the technology authorized for the md, and on that basis it has achieved production performance at a national level, gradually narrowing the gap between the international and national levels.
Light cpu is better than or equal to the remaining five domestic cpu manufacturers in terms of hyperwire, memory, number of RAM channels, pcie, etc. The overall performance is at head level in the country. Compared with overseas products, it selects the intel series of products released in 2020 in the same time as Sealight 7295, which combines the market position of the processor, the core number, and the price of the product sold.
These factors include differences in performance at the top of high-end products compared to intel, but they are essentially the same as those in the mainstream (gold and silver products that account for major market shares). Sealight cpu compatible x 86 structures, with the best industrial ecological support in the industry. Sealight cpu series.
Microsoft and Intel each rely on their applications, almost all applications are compatible with them. Most of the domestic institutions used X86 architecture products, which allow seamless top-level applications to switch, reduce the cost of migration and reduce the risk of migration.
As of July 2022, there were thousands of partners in the sea light. Hardware manufacturers, technology software, including operating systems, databases, intermediates, software manufacturers and integrators formed a complete sea light ecology. In the area of servers, the sealight cpu has been recognized by many server manufacturers.
The products of the top five producers in the Chinese server market, Xinhua, Xinhua, Xinhua, Xinhua, Xi, etc., have been loaded with the sea light cpu chip.
3.1.ai chips are in high demand, and national production opportunities are coming up, and according to the new mind metadata, gpt-4 has been trained with about 25,000 a100 gpu, while gpt-5 takes 50,000 h100.
At the q4 performance meeting in 2023, the power and power management expected the ai to accelerate the development of 50 per cent of the compound growth rate over the next few years, and on 18 January 2024, Zuckerberg indicated that the company would buy more than 350,000 British Weddahh 100gpu, and that by the end of 2024, if it counted British Weddhaa and other artificial intelligence chips, the meta gpu would have reached its capacity.
On January 22, 2024, the foreign agent exposed Samaltman was planning to raise billions of dollars to build a global network of semiconductor crystal mills for the openai.
About $0.04 if the number of chhatgpt queries grows to one tenth of the size of Google search, the initial deployment of an ai chip worth about USD 48.1 billion will be required, and about USD 16 billion a year will be needed to sustain the need for ai chip, which may well exceed market expectations. According to the latest edition of China ' s artificial intelligence calculations 2023-2024,
In China, the market for artificial intelligence servers in China is expected to reach $9.1 billion in 2023, an increase over the previous year.
82.5%, and in 2027 it will reach $13.4 billion. idc projects that Chinese artificial intelligence chips will arrive in 2023, with increased overseas sanctions, making it difficult for China to access advanced ai chips. The US Department of Commerce announced on October 17, 2023 that it plans to limit the sale of more advanced ai chips to China.
In addition, the new regulations will exempt most consumer chips used in laptops, smart phones, and game devices, but some of these chips are still subject to approval and specific control by United States officials. The rules are about to be nationalized in the next 30 days, and many policies support the nationalization of the ai chip.
The Beijing policy explicitly promotes a breakthrough in home-grown artificial intelligence chips. It actively guides large models in the development of home-grown artificial intelligence chips and speeds up the national production rate for artificial intelligence. Shanghai expands the national production chip application and promotion of the national production algorithm framework. Autonomy is an inherent requirement for the development of arithmetic industries.
Sealight is the first line of the national production of the ai chip. Nationally produced ai chip manufacturers are mainly in the form of cold-blooded martial arts, glorified, immobilized, and so on, but there is still a gap in the performance of their products from abroad.
3.2. Sealight dcu performance is eco-efficient, and the second pole of performance growth dcu has already achieved bulk delivery towards a second-growth curve. Sealight dcu is based on the gpgpu structure and is compatible with the generic “cuda” environment and is mainly applied in the computing-intensive and artificial intelligence fields.
Released in q3 to achieve commercial excellence in the fields of big data, artificial intelligence, commercial computing, with deep calculation number two with full accuracy floating point data and a wide variety of common integer data computing capabilities, with 100% performance improvement compared to deep calculation level one. Sealight dcu products are capable of reaching international levels of mainstream high-end processors of the same type.
The advanced 7nmfinfet process is capable of fully exploiting the symmetry of applications, using its capacity for large-scale parallel computing, and rapidly developing energy-efficient applications.
By contrast, performance indicators based on a typical application scenario, number 1, can be found to achieve the same ecological compatibility of water at the same time as international high-end products. Sealight dcu processors are fully compatible with anmd's rocmgpu computing ecology, which is highly similar to the ecological and programming environments of Rocm and cuda, which can be used by cuda users.
Low-cost migration to the rocm platform quickly, so the rocm is also called "Cuda class." So, the sealight dcu co-processor is better suited to international mainstream business computing software and artificial intelligence software.
The ability to calculate is only 85.70% 54.60% of the depth of the sea light, but the price is 49% higher than the depth of the sea light 1 and the value of the sex is higher. In terms of performance and ecology, the sealight dcu is at the forefront of the country and is the only product in the national production ai plus processor to be sold in large quantities and to support the full precision.
In terms of commercial applications, the company ' s dcu product has been certified by Internet enterprises such as 100 degrees, Ali, and a joint programme has been launched to build a national hardware and software infrastructure that is integrated into the entire warehouse.
The company owns all the source codes, develops all the data, stores them in the country, controls the entire design process, detects all the security holes in the process without a dead end. Sealight product security is credible and has hardware design that supports national secret algorithms. Sealight cpu supports national secret algorithms, expands them.
With security algorithm instructions, a special acceleration circuit for security algorithms, which supports credible calculations, significantly enhances the safety of high end processors and can provide more efficient security for users in the data processing process. Sealight contains dedicated security hardware to support common and credible computing standards.
The comb (vm) and virtual machine manager (hypervisor) isolates the users of the encrypted virtual machine from the external program. Security memory encryption, which encrypts the memory data and removes the storage of explicit data from the memory, allows for effective protection against physical attacks on the memory and enhances the security of the memory data.
High-end processor business: this business consists mainly of sealight cpu and dcu products. Sealight is a national product X86 cpu, and we expect a gradual acceleration in the process of nationalization of the industry server in 2024.
The price is expected to rise. The iTechnology Revolution has led to a significant increase in the demand for the ai chip, while the overseas sanctions have intensified and national production is forced. The company’s dcu product uses the “cuda” ecology, and the product performance is in the first echelon of the national chip, and does not overlap. The Internet factory has started testing the company’s products.
Technical services: Technical services are services such as technical support, technical advice, technology development, etc.
Investment proposals: Sealight Information has two leading products: cpu and dcu. On the cpu side, the industry ' s letter-making follow-up shows are accelerating, and the company cpu is based on x86 and is the main force for the replacement of the industry ' s server. On the dcu side, one of the arithmetic needs has erupted and the trend towards nationalization has accelerated, the national producer of the ai chip has come with historic opportunities, the company ' s dcu product
With this in mind, we expect that the net return profits in 2023-2025 will be less than expected. The construction and operation of public computing platforms and the nationalization of the ai chip will require strong policy support, and if policy support falls short of expectations, industry progress will be compromised.
The technology is not as developed as expected. The technical barriers to the ai chip are higher, the country is more difficult to produce, and if the development of the ai chip is less advanced than expected, it will affect the country’s production progress.
The slowdown will reduce the need for arithmetic. Sealight Information’s three major financial forecasting tables, East Wu Securities Co. Ltd., have become eligible for portfolio investment consultancy with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.