The price of the material rose again 22 days later, the titanium powder dragon hugging the high-stakes cycle, and the incident: 22 days after the company released the price of titanium powder on February 13, 7 March.
The day was followed by a announcement that, as of that date, sales prices for various types of titanium powder (including sulphate titanium powder, chlorinated titanium powder) would be increased by RMB 500/tonne for all types of domestic customers and by $100/t for all types of international customers.
The titanium powder industry is gaining ground. After the company acquired the dragon platinum industry in 2016, it had 540,000 tons of sulphuric acid and 60,000 tons of chlorination, totalling 600,000 tons of titanium per year, with the highest capacity in Asia, the fourth in the world, and the only one in the country with the same acid.
There's a strong competitive advantage. There's resources up ahead of the company (continuing acquisition of the dragon and riel industries), and there's chlorination technology in the middle of the company (one ton/year running flat).
Over 50%, after the spring festival, the industry leads the pace of price hikes, and the industry's leading position is matched by the mooring of the chain of total market value/flow (million yuan) across the whole industry, with a significant competitive advantage.
With the global supply-side contraction, exports, the company’s second phase of chlorination, 200,000 tonnes/year of capacity, is on its way to the world.
Quarterly pilot production, with one phase of technology and experience under way, is expected to be more assured of successful production, with a positive rating in Barley 2018: the industry’s leadership will lead the mainstream development of titanium powder in China, and the firm’s performance will rise to a higher level.
New Productive Capabilities for Global Competitiveness - 2018/08/21 Shareholders with sustained high dividends on red returns.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.