18-year performance reports issued by the company, with revenues of $1.05 billion, yov + 1.73 per cent, recorded as net profit to the mother of $2.29 billion, yoy-8.59 per cent, equivalent to $1.15 per share, of which four quarters were realized
International supply of titanium raw materials, limited domestic production capacity, export demand is expected to drive a steady increase in downstream demand, up to 19 years in titanium powder central prices, 200,000 tons of additional chlorine energy released, and the profitability of titanium powder is declining, leading to a year-long decline in performance: 93 per cent according to Bloomberg Information in 1818.
The average price of the gold titanium powdering plant was 16045 yuan per ton, a decline of 5.57 per cent in the same year, 98 per cent in the sharp titanium, an average price of 13440 yuan per ton in the same year, a decrease of 7.41 per cent in the same year, an increase in the price of the choice of titanite powder, resulting in a slight decrease in the Māori rate and a decline in the profitability of titanite powder.
The sharper decrease resulted in lower profits for minerals, and the eventual delay in the company’s financial subsidiary’s preparation for bad debts in accordance with accounting policies, which negatively affected the company’s performance. Additional production capacity was limited, demand was stable, costs were supported, titanium powder prices went up: pre-winter season.
The effects of environmental production restrictions, a decline in the start of the titanium powder industry, a low stock of companies, and a warming of the demand for titanium, have been influenced by price increases from domestic titanium powder producers just after Spring Festival, and from corporate sulphate to domestic customers by $500 per ton per ton per ton per ton per ton per ton per ton per ton.
According to the city, in 19 years, there was no additional capacity, except for the company’s 200,000 tons of chlorination, which was expected to be withdrawn from production under environmental stress. In terms of downstream demand, real estate was a downstream sector, accounting for 60% of the end-consumption structure, and the country’s merchandise house was sold in 18 years.
The increase of 1.3 per cent has slowed the growth rate, but it is worth noting that there has been a 17.2 per cent increase in the size of new home construction throughout the year, which has had a positive effect on the demand for subsequent titanium powder, as well as a steady increase in overall demand for titanium powder as a result of the promotion of preferential policies such as the market for re-painting and rental housing.
According to statistics, the cumulative export of titanium powder in 18 years was 908,000 tons, an increase of 9.3% over the same year, the landscape of emerging regions and the demand of the European and American markets for recoupled titanium, which led to a rapid increase in demand for titanium exports. Moreover, global titanium supply is tight, supporting the price of titanium powder.
Over 60 per cent of titanium powder exports accounted for 50 per cent of total sales, dominated the industry at the price of titanium powder perfecting the entire industry chain, with clear industrial advantages: on 26 February, the company issued an announcement stating that it had signed a project with the People's Government of Saltside County on the same day on the " 500,000 tons of titanium mineral upgrading to convert to chlorinated titanium slag " .
The investment agreement, which provides for an investment of 2 billion yuan to produce 300,000 tonnes of chlorine slag per year, foresees the completion of production by 2020, the complete self-sufficiency of the raw slag from the completion of the company ' s chlorinated titanium powder, the removal of import dependence and a significant reduction in production costs. In addition, the company is constructing a 200,000 tonnes/year chlorine project.
Chemical capacity is expected to go into production in the second quarter, and the addition of chlorinated titanium powder production will add to the company’s 19-year performance. The company is also actively extending to downstream high-value-added products, with 30,000 tonnes/year of sponge titanium production, which is scheduled to be launched by the end of 2020.
The growth program continues, horizontally enriches corporate product lines, vertically perfects the whole industry chain, and the industry’s advantages are highlighted, and future performance growth is achievable. Performance is expected to return to rapid growth, in addition to higher dividends and a “buy-in” rating maintained by companies in recent years.
The expected remuneration (expected return; er) is based on the following:
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. are not made by individual clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose.