The chemical industry has performed slightly less than expected and is expected to become self-sufficient with titanium chloride in the future.
(b) Realization of the net return profit of 2,287 million yuan, a decrease of 8.59 per cent from the same year, with an eps of $1.15 dollars.
The average price of titanium powder was $17132 per ton, a decrease of 2.9 per cent from the same year in 2017; on the other hand, the price of titanium powder raw materials increased, leading to a slight decrease in the Māori rate, with an average price difference of $11,825 per ton for titanium powder, titanium concentrate and sulphate in 2018, a 2.7 per cent decrease from the same price of $12,150 per ton in 2017.
The impact of the need to replenish stocks and the limited scope for further declines in titanium powder prices, followed by increases in domestic and foreign titanium taps, and increases in domestic titanium prices of 500-800 yuan per ton, are expected to continue to rise with the traditional season of industry consumption.
Exports are expected to increase steadily, with real estate supporting domestic demand. In 2018, the total domestic production of titanium powder was 2.95 million tons, a 0.5 per cent reduction compared to the previous year, with an overall industry start-up rate of 83 per cent. Export growth was mainly due to rapid growth in demand in developing countries such as South-East Asia and Latin America.
For use in the real estate sector, the market area for our merchandise houses in 2018 was 1,717 million square metres, an increase of 1.3 per cent over the same period, and the opening of new houses was 17.2 per cent over the same period. Taking into account China's large stock of re-painting and rental of houses, the demand side will strongly support the view of the titanium powder industry.
On February 26, the company announced that it had signed an investment agreement with the government of Saltside County on a project to upgrade 500,000 tons of titanium concentrate to replace titanium chloride, an investment of 2 billion tons of annual titanium chloride, which is expected to be completed by the end of 2020 and will be realized.
The cost to the postnatal company will be reduced by at least two quarters of 19 years. Downstream companies are actively extending to high-end titanium, with a proposed 30,000 tonnes/year sponge a share (billion shares)
The titanium line is expected to be operational by the end of 2020, and the company’s future size and industrial chain advantages will be further highlighted.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.