Second price increases in titanium powder in the year, pilot product of the chlorination project, second quarter, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
Events: The company announced that the sale price of titanium powder of all types would be increased by RMB 500/ton to domestic customers on the basis of original prices and by $100/ton to international customers as of 7 March. At the interactive platform, the company reveals that 200,000 tons of titanium powder chlorination project is expected to be tested for production in the second quarter of 2019.
The company raised prices for the second time in the year, and the titanium industry recovered. The company issued an announcement on February 13th this year, when it raised the price of its titanium powder sulphate for the first time in the year, after which almost all of the country’s more than 30 titanium powder companies announced an increase of $500-800 per ton, the price of which was raised for the second time in the year. The main reason is that the price of titanium powder was raised for the second time in the year.
At this stage, it is the traditional season of titanium powder, which begins after the spring of the country's downstream paint industry, and which has grown in volume, and which is now in good condition. Second, there is a low level of pre-storage by dealers and downstream entities, with a high demand for stocks after the first price increase. Third, there is a high demand for titanium powder in the country since late February.
At this stage, titanium powder is at an overall low level, and titanium powder is ready for spring. The lymphatic titanium powder project is about to come into operation, and the company’s leading industry continues to be consolidated. The company is Asia’s first ton of tons/year, and the infrastructure for the 20 million tons/year chloride titanium powder project has been completed and set up.
In addition, the company base plans to continue to expand titanium powder production units, which at the end of 2019 will have a capacity of more than 800,000 tons per year, including chlorine.
The company plans to produce 600,000 tons of sulphate, 700,000 tons of chlorination, and the industry’s leading position is unshakeable. The company builds a whole industry chain of titanium, which is expected to become self-sufficient in the future.
The titanium concentrate can be 800,000 tonnes/year and a five-year half-million-ton titanium mineral agreement is signed with the titanium titanium to secure the supply of raw materials; and a technical cooperation agreement with Otto Tate has been signed, with a proposed investment of 2 billion yuan for the new 500,000-ton titanium concentrate upgrade conversion to chlorinated titanium slag project, with a potential annual production of 300,000 tons of titanium chloride slag, which will produce titanium powder and so on.
On the downstream side, the company plans to invest $2 billion to build 30,000 tonnes/year of titanium production, actively extending to the downstream high-end titanium sector. The company is actively building the entire chain of titanium, and the future size and advantages of the chain will be further highlighted.
Prospective future self-sufficiency of chlorinated titanium slag (2019-02-28) No direct or indirect compensation will be obtained for no, no, and no direct or indirect compensation for any of the specific recommendations or observations in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.