The three main lines of business go hand-in-hand, the chemical giants sailed-- the chemical depths of 600,309.
Polyurethane, polyether polyols, polyurethanes, acrylic acids, esters, epoxypropanes, petrochemicals, etc.
The main industries are: household housing, sports leisure, motor transport, construction industry, electronics, etc.. mdi is a highly technical barrier with an oligopoly, and is the most productive producer in the industry and will perform in the future as the polyurethane industry continues to develop.
There is also much room for upswing, and companies are actively working on the layout of the global, integrated industrial chain, with offices in the United States, China, Europe, etc., and the acquisition of bc, while expanding the petrochemical, new functional materials plus special chemicals business and improving the corporate integrated industrial structure.
The mdi industry maintains a high profile, market supply and demand tight balance, barriers, high input patterns, oligopolistic patterns, and the world’s largest mdi supply.
At present, the mdi market, with 2.1 million tonnes/year of production, has a tight long-term balance, with a 6 per cent increase in the year 2017 in the production of domestic synthetic devices, with a consumption of 2.05 million tons.
The petrochemical industry provides a solid foundation for corporate integration and diversification.
The expansion of the chain of the petrochemical industry by the tons/year po/sm devices and the 50,000 tons/year of butadiene devices provides a solid basis for the development of integrated industrial chains and product diversification in companies, while upstream petrochemical products can be highly “coated” with existing mdi products and increase the decline in the circular economy.
Ben: On the other hand, the development of petrochemical products effectively avoids risks such as inadequate supply of external raw materials, diversifys the product, provides a stable growth point for companies as petrochemical products are phased out, and ensures the cost advantage of the chain from the source.
Special chemicals + new materials for future development of the company to protect the company + new chemical + new material plates, which cover products such as sap, tpu, pc, pmma, adi, are now high-value-added products.
Many of the downstream industries involved are hydro-painting, conductor panels, electronics, etc. The Division, as the country’s largest producer of pud, polyether polyol, polyurethane, has a full range of adi, the second global manufacturer of tpu, as the downstream industry leads to the future.
Profit forecasts and investment proposals: The company is expected to achieve a net return in 2018 and 2019, respectively. The first synthesynthesis plant to be founded in 1978 was China's first polyurethane industrial base, which, after many years of development, completed the conversion of the stock system in December 1998 and handed over to Shanghai in 2001.
In 2013, in order to achieve the strategy of “China's transformation to the world of Vanhua, and the transformation of China's polyurethane to the world of Wanhua,” the company was officially renamed the “Wanhua Chemical Group, Inc.”. Now, the research and development and production bases of Manhua chemistry in smoke stations, Ningbo, Beijing, Shanghai, Pearl Sea have been gradually developed.
Forming, corporate companies and offices in more than a dozen countries and territories, including the United States, Japan and India, product operations cover polyurethanes such as icylate, tdi, polyether polyol, etc.: petrochemicals such as acetylene and its esters, epoxypropanes, etc.: special chemicals such as hydropud, pa emulsifiable fluids, tpu, adi surface materials, etc.
In February 2018, the company-owned stockholdings were divided into industries (sustained enterprises) and industry (new businesses) in a sustainable manner, with less chemical-related operations such as coal.
Mining, real estate development is carried on by the host business, while the new company, the Mandarin Chemical Industries, has taken over the chemical industry, which, after the implementation of this scheme, has a share of 47.92 per cent of the Manchurian chemistry, but the company is still in the hands of the National Committee for Smoking.
The five shareholders in the wanhua chemical industry invested in it, Synthetic International, China-Congchen Investment, China-Caysin, DeJeon and China-Change, with a total of 1,716 billion shares in the stock of the company, implemented a merger of the wanhua chemical industry, a merger of the wanhua chemical industry, a merger of the wanhua chemical industry, and a merger of the wanhua chemical industry.
One hundred and ten million chemical shares will be written off, and the actual additions to the deal will be 406 million shares, which will increase by about 15 billion at a cut-off price of $36.44. By doing so, bc will become a subsidiary of a listed company, and the shareholders of a listed company will become shareholders of a listed company.
Figure 2. Absorption of the pre-McC share structure. Figure 3. Absorption of the former McC share structure.
After restructuring, the company ' s mdi production capacity was reduced from 1.8 million tons to 2.1 million tons, with bc ' s capacity, to take it to the top of the globe and achieve the globalization of the company, with production bases planned for all three major markets in Asia, Europe and the Americas. After many years of development, wandochemistry has moved from monolithic to monolithic.
The md1 oligopoly developed into two main industrial chains and six major industries, covering polyurethanes such as icylate, tdi, polyether polyols, etc.: petrochemicals such as acrylic acid and its esters, epoxypropanes, etc.: comprehensive in the special chemical and material industries such as hydropud, pa emulsifiable fluids, tpu, adi surface materials, etc.
1.2 Benefits in the mdi sector and petrochemicals, where company revenues and profits continue to rise In the first half of 2018, benefits in the mdi sector and petrochemicals became available and the company achieved $3054 million, an increase of 23.02 per cent, resulting in a net parent gain of $6.95 billion.
The polyurethane business now accounts for 55.94 per cent of the company ' s core business, while the petrochemical industry ' s share has increased year by year since 2015, reaching 27.71 per cent in the first half of 2018; the fine chemicals and new materials business plate accounts for a smaller but more rapid increase of 52 per cent.
In the first half of 2018, the urethane business reached 56.91% Māori; the fine chemical and new material series md, fully known as diphenylmethane diocyanate, is one of the most important of the icylates, the main raw material for the production of polyurethane (pu), given that polyurethane is both rubber-elastic and plastic-intensity and strength.
Excellent processing performance, especially in the fields of insulation, sound insulation, grinding, oil resistance, elasticity, incomparable material, is the sixth largest plastic after polyvinylene, polyvinyl chloride, polypropene, polystyrene and abs, which has been widely used in defence, space, light industry, chemicals, oil, textiles, traffic, etc.
The mdi whole body can be divided into two categories: pure mdi (dibenzomethane diocyanate), polymer mdi (containing a mixture of pure md1 and polybenzodomethyl polycyanate), where pure md1 is mainly used in synthesis.
Leather slurries, ammonia and soles; polymer mdi is mainly used in polyurethane hard bubbles (e.g. refrigerators,rmostats in freezers), polyurethane elastomers and adhesives.
The synthesis process of mdi is complex and the main methods are currently luminous and non-luminous, with luminous gasification being the industrial production method that is now widely used in the country and abroad, with a condensed reaction to acidity using benzidine and formaldehyde.
Distillation, dibenzo-methane dichloride (mda). Dissolved the mda with solvents and then photogasmated into polyphenyl polycyclocyanate4,4-mdi,2,2-mdi or mixed pmdi, and then distilled with pure mdi. The main disadvantage of this method is the use of highly toxic light gas and the generation of hydrogen chloride during the reaction.
High corrosion of equipment and low rates and quality of pure mdi; low levels of non-luminous gas contamination, high rates of efficiency, reaction of Mr. Aminomethylate at near normal pressure and low pressure, and dehydration of diphosphorus and triethylamide to generate heptachlor with dehydration, most of the methods are at the research stage and not available.
Fully industrialized production. Figure 9.mdi production process 2.2mdi presents a homogenous monopoly pattern, with tight market balance
The production of md1 has long been oligopolistic due to its high-tech barriers and high input constraints: the high-tech barrier is because the dominant method of liquid luminous gas is the dominant method of producing mdi, and the core technology of this method is in the hands of a small number of multinational giants, such as companies, Bastov, Coth.
Medium: High input due to volatile, highly toxic photogas and high safety hazards, combined with the by-product hydrogen chloride, which is highly corrosionable to equipment, is expensive for production equipment to take into account both factors. According to the 14-year oil industry planning layout programme introduced by the National Development and Reform Commission, new mdi project single set of devices
More than 400,000 tons of annual capacity are needed to invest 250 million dollars in project start-up. Currently, only eight chemical companies worldwide have mdi ' s autonomous intellectual property rights and are able to produce independently, including five companies with more than 100 capacity: Huanhua Chemistry, Bastov, Kostov, Hensmae and Tao.
In 2017, the global production capacity of mdi amounted to 8.04 million tons, with a consumption rate of 6.7 million tons and a start-up rate of 83.3 per cent, of which domestic capacity of 3.06 million, with a consumption rate of 2.05 million, was 66.9 per cent.
Industry supply has been very well balanced. The country ' s manufacturing capacity in 2014-2017 was 2.6 million tons and the general repair cycle for 306 mdi devices was about 40 days, so the theoretical start rate was up to 89% a year, and now nearly 50% of mdi production facilities overseas have been in service for more than 20 years (that is why).
In the light of the large force majeure effects of the 16-17 mdi production unit, the frequency of repairs and the force majeure caused by the devices in the future can cause a tightening of the supply of mdi. In terms of the added capacity, the additional capacity was low in the two years 2018-2019, and it is now possible to determine that Shanghai Union will expand the production of 240,000 tons.
We expect a tight balance of mdi supply between 2018 and 2020 and a long-term industry climate, taking into account the time it takes to improve the post-partum process and market feedback, as well as the fact that the future does not preclude the continued presence of force majeure.
Table 3. The steady increase in demand in the downstream market of 2.3 mdi in recent years has been concentrated in three major regions of Asia, Western Europe and North America, accounting for about 85 per cent.
In recent years, the application of mdi downstream has become more widespread and the demand has increased. According to Kostov, the global demand for md1 increased from 4.8 million tons to 6.35 million tons in 2011-2016, reaching an annual compound growth rate of 5.76 per cent, and China is above the world average.
For refrigerator refrigeration, building pipes, slurry and shoe soles, mdi from abroad is used mainly in the construction industry, reaction injection modelling and refrigerator refrigeration. mdi is divided into polymer mdi and pure mdi, which are also used in different fields, and pure mdi is used because of its preservation.
Shorter and more homogeneous downstream applications, concentrated in soles, pulp, ammonia, about 45 per cent of the total; and more extensive polymer mdi preservation time, mainly in the fields of household electricity, construction and automobiles, which account for the near-growth of traditional home refrigerator freezers due to their wider coverage.
A few years later, this mdi is growing at a negligible rate; in the area of automobiles, due to new energy sources and good infrastructure, this production is expected to increase by about 10 per cent in recent years; and in the form of leather sauce, soles and raw fluids, figure 9. Automobile production and growth rates
2.4 million Chinese are the world’s largest producer of mdi, the company’s integrated industrial chain guarantees competitive advantages, the company’s multiple advantages of production, technology, cost, etc., have become a leader in the mdi industry.
Basve is the world's largest manufacturer of mdi and, as the largest home-grown supplier, the company covers almost all large companies that cooperate downstream in the country, can respond quickly to and address the demands of downstream customers, have better pricing rights in the country, and the prices of companies are slightly higher than those of other manufacturers.
Technically, the production of mdi is characterized by high technical barriers, which were previously in the hands of a few chemicals giants, the fifth so far to have autonomous intellectual property rights in mdi manufacturing technology, and the high-technology barriers that protect the future development of companies.
Cost aspects: The company formed a very complete integrated industrial chain that not only achieved the self-production of important upstream chemicals intermediate materials, but also opened up the effective use of some of the materials in the mdi system with the production processes of the company ' s operations, increased efficiency in the use of the materials and reduced raw materials.
In addition, integration strategies can reduce the unit investment costs of companies, where self-distribution stations, recycling water installations, together with the “complicity” of product devices, can make the unit capacity investment significantly lower than that of other mdi giants.
Table 4. Production capacity investment per unit of manufacturer 2.5tdi price hikes provide a new bright spot for the company After, due to the increase in installation repairs, the frequency of force majeure factors and the withdrawal of low-end capacity, tdi
In October, the company began production of 300,000 tons of tdi plus 250,000 tons of bc, bringing the total capacity to 550,000 tons.
This 550,000 tons of productive capacity is rapidly absorbed by the market, adding value to the company’s performance.3 The PIC chain is rich in the company’s product bank, and petrochemical operations have been phased in since 2011, when the company moved into the Cape Eight Industrial Park, and can be divided mainly into c3 and c4.
In the future, the c2 (ethylene derivatives) chain will be developed, with propane purchased as the main input, creating clusters of industries that combine acrylic, isocene, and synthetic gas. The petrochemical business not only provides mdi with a more complete integrated industrial chain, enriches the corporate product bank, and reduces the single polyurethane industry.
Risks; raw material support for the follow-up of special chemicals and functional materials is a strong guarantee for the future development of all China. In recent years, company petrochemical operations have grown in value and revenue has become a public figure of 24,000 luminous petrochemicals.
Figure 25. Polychemical chain (c2, c3, c4) 3.1 pdh (propane dehydration) legal reserve acrylic: At the heart of the chain, downstream products are produced in the whole chain of the petrochemical industry, and acrylic is at the core of the chain of the petrochemical industry,
Its temperature level is a direct reflection of the landscape of the petrochemical business, where the company's acrylic is used mainly for the purchase of propane imported in the East Central region, and the production of acrylic is used for the supply of po (epoxypropane), acrylic acid and its lipids and tba (breastol) in the chain of the industry through pdh devices.
There are several advantages to the acrylic business: 10,000 watts have lpg pricing rights that can help companies effectively reduce the combined cost of propane; 2.lpg has a high seasonal volatility, and companies have 1.46 million floors in the smoke station industrial park, and can effectively circumvent the cyclical volatility of lpg, increase procurement in the light season and reduce procurement.
Cost; 3.pdh legal reserve acrylic has a unique price advantage, and its profitability is largely determined by the price differential between acrylic and propane.
The rate of start-up has been good since then, market demand has grown rapidly, production and sales have increased from year to year, and since September 15 years, the price of acrylic has been rising steadily and the price differential for acrylic-propane has remained high.
Figure 13.lpg price trends 3.2 Acrylic acid and its esters - strong demand in the downstream positive industry Acrylic acid as an important feedstock in organic synthesis, mainly downstream for water coating, sap, etc.,
The company currently has 300,000 tonnes/year Acid devices, 360,000 tonnes/year Acid/year, approximately 60,000 tonnes/year Acrylic/ethylene switching devices, 20,000 tonnes/year Acrylic Acid (Acrylic Acid) devices. Despite the existing excess capacity, the company owner uses downstream sap, water coatings are all sunny industries, downstream.
A strong market demand has a positive driving effect on the entire industrial chain. 3.3 epoxypropane (po) is a very important organic compound material, after polypropylene and acrylene.
Acrylic derivatives. The annual production capacity of epoxypropane is now 3.1 million tons, of which more than 50% of p0 devices are produced using the chlorol method, with the remainder mainly using the cooxidation method (bistyrene, po/sm). The chlorool method as a whole has two main disadvantages: 1.
More severe, and at the same time generating a large amount of waste water and sludge; 2. Products prepared by the chlorol process are relatively crude and of non-satisfactory quality to meet the requirements of high-end polyether manufacturers.
The advantage is highlighted. The tba generated downstream is now mainly used in the production of mtbe, but due to the current market phase of mtbe, which is saturated and has a relatively narrow application area (oil re-alteration), it will be converted to mma in late 18 through the heterene method, which is further converted to pmma.
The mma is used in a wide range of applications, mainly for artificial decorative materials, construction industry products, photo-information materials, electrical gas components, etc. coatings can be made from emulsion polymers: paints, adhesives: waterproof agents, regulations, lubricating oil viscosing aids, etc. Global mma capacity in 2016 was 4.8540 million tons and domestic capacity was 873,000 tons.
In recent years, as a result of increased environmental policies, many domestic installations have been shut down, leading to increased domestic demand, and from December 15 years on, the price of mma has risen and the mma that will be converted into production in the future tba can be rapidly absorbed into the domestic market and effectively “coordinate” with other company operations.
Figure 38. Methane (mma) price trends, figure 39. Different domestic marketing end product patterns, 2016. Ethylene is one of the most productive chemicals in the world, and the ethylene industry is at the heart of the petrochemical industry.
It is a basic chemical raw material for synthetic fibres, synthetic rubber, synthetic plastics (polyethylene and polyvinyl chloride), synthetic ethanol (alcohol) and is also used in the manufacture of vinyl chloride, styrene, epoxyethane, acetic acid, acetyldehyde, ethanol and explosives.
Ethylene supply and demand is expected to continue to be invested in 17.7 billion ethylene construction projects over the next few years, consisting mainly of 1 million tonnes/year ethylene fission units, 30/65 million tonnes/year p0/sm devices, 50,000 tonnes/year butadiene devices and fittings.
Auxiliary engineering and public engineering facilities. The project further enhanced the integrated water level of the Manpower industrial chain, producing derivatives that not only effectively coupled the service packages of existing polyurethane operations, but also reduced the cost of feedstock end-of-life, environmental risks: 1.eo own-production, epoxy ethane is on polyether polyols.
Swimming materials, epoxy-ethane-specific activities, prone to explosion, are now procured from outside the country, with a certain transport risk. With the production of 150,000 tons of eo devices, 380,000 tonnes/year of polyether consumption, polyol consumption and self-sufficiency, transport risks are eliminated; 2. Production of pvc can be effectively addressed
With the problem of hci overdose, the company now produces about 1.2 million tons of isocyanate by-products per year, effectively consumes about 300,000 tons of hci when the 40-tonne pvc device comes into operation, increasing the company ' s capacity to use the hci, while the new production of pvc can also be rapidly consumed by the market as a result of the aggressive implementation of the current infrastructure policy: 3.po/sm
The recycling of the company ' s industrial chain was further enhanced by the efficient consumption of ethylene raw materials by installations producing 30w tons per year, 65w tons of styrene, of which approximately 200,000 tons were consumed, following the commissioning of the po/sm device.
After the company started polyurethane (core) + petrochemical (industry chain coverage), wanhua chemistry continued to expand its industrial chain, creating two major plates for special chemicals and new materials in the six industries mentioned above. Special chemical plates and new material plates generally refer to a variety of types.
These two large plates have been contributing to the company’s profits since 2016, with special chemicals and new material plates receiving pmma and adi, respectively, for 16 years.
4.1tpu (heat-plastic polyurethane elastomer rubber) tpu is divided mainly into polyesters and polyether types, with a ratio of about 80-90% polyesters, tpu by aa (hexyl diphosphate) and 1,4 tert butol (bdo)/eg (ethylene diol), tpu in clothing, tpu
There are a wide range of applications in footwear products, glues, decorative materials, and halogen-free tpu can also replace soft pvc to meet environmental requirements in a growing number of areas. Hulk chemistry is the third global manufacturer of tpu, and the company currently produces 120,000 tonnes/year.
Increases in market supply have also been significant, and market demand has been increasing, particularly in polyurethane membrane, where the consumption of tpu membrane in 2015 was about 20% of the total consumption of tpu products and the average sales price of tpu membrane was about 40,000 yuan per tonne.
In tonnes, the consumption of tpu membrane is estimated at 46,000 tons, and the market is estimated to have consumed about 1.84 billion yuan. The market size is expected to grow at an average annual rate of 11.2 per cent in 2013-2017, reaching 2.81 billion yuan in 2017. At the price end, our domestic tpu grew at a peak until 17 years ago, and then slowly fell to 2017.
The historical low in August of that year, with a steady and moderate increase in prices after August. Compared to the tpu import and export volumes and prices, it was found that the price of tpu exported abroad was much lower than the price of imported tpu, mainly because the export of tpu was dominated by low-end products and the import of high-end products.
Figure 44. tpu ' s domestic market price 4.2sap (high-sort water resin) sap (high-sort water resin) is a new functional high-magnification material. It is absorbed hundreds of times heavier than itself.
It has a wide range of applications in various areas, such as personal hygiene supplies, industrial and agricultural production, and civil construction, and currently about 90 per cent of the sap is used in sanitary supplies, 70 per cent of which are used for sanitation.
The demand for sap resins will continue to grow rapidly as the policy of the future second child is further liberalized and population ageing increases. With the full liberalization of the policy of the second child, there will be a significant increase in newborns in 2016, with a 16-year increase of 1846.
In 2015, the population aged 60 years and over reached 222 million, or 16.15 per cent of the total population. By 2020, the elderly population is expected to reach 248 million and the ageing level 17.17 per cent, of which the population aged 80 and over will reach 30,67 million.
So we assume that our needs in the SAP sector will continue to grow at a high rate in the coming years. At present, the world’s SAP producers are mainly Japan’s hit media, Bassfe, winning, aging, triad polymers, lig, and sdglobal.
There is still a large gap between the Chinese mainland and foreign companies, and the Mandarin chemical industry has taken five years through autonomous research and development.
At last, the standards that can be used as health supplies have been met and the market will be actively seized in the future. Figure 48. Number and weight of the population over 60 years of age. 4.3 pc (polycarbonate)
Polycarbonate (Pc) is a high molecular polymer in the molecular chain containing carbonate-based esters, which can be divided into fat, aromatic, fat-aromatic and other types based on ester-based formations, the three main applications of which are glass assembly, auto and electronics, electrical and, secondly, industrial machinery parts, CD-ROMs, etc.
Packaging, office equipment such as computers, medical and health care, films, leisure and protective devices, etc..pc can be used as door and window glass, pc press panels can be used extensively to protect windows in banks, embassies, detention facilities and public places, for airframes, lighting equipment, industrial safety panels and bulletproof glass.
According to statistics, the global production capacity of pc was about 5.0650 million tons in 2016, and the global production capacity of top 5 producers was 29.32 per cent, 26.91 per cent, 10.17 per cent, 5.43 per cent and 5.35 per cent, totalling 77.18 per cent, with a high concentration and a pattern of oligopoly.
In 2017, our pc production capacity was 875,000 tons, yielding 630,000 tons, with an apparent consumption of 172.65 million tons, an increase of 21.1 per cent over the same period, an import dependency of 63.51 per cent, a high external dependency, and a large future import replacement space. Domestic demand for pc is increasing. In China, 29 per cent of the pc is used for electricity.
Sub/electrics, 19% for thin film, 16% for appliances/family goods, 9% for automobiles, 8% for optical media, 7% for packaging, 2% for medical equipment, and 10% for other areas. As energy-saving reduction increases, light plasticization of vehicles becomes a necessary trend, pc in car parts and windows.
The demand for glass will increase further. In its main appliance electrical field, consumption of pc will increase further as the global trend towards the big screening of smart phones and television. In addition, the energy consumption of the new pc-led light will be 70% lower than that of the traditional lighting system.
Pc and others are potential future demand hotspots; at the end of supply, we are currently building pc of about 1.2 million tonnes/year, with a further 920,000 tonnes/year to be built, with a total of 2.12 million tonnes/year, and we expect to achieve 965,000 tonnes/year of productive capacity by 2020, at which time the total capacity of pc is 1.84 million tonnes/year.
Given the high technical barriers to pc devices, the need for further collating after delivery to achieve a higher good rate, and design capacity, even if future pc devices are likely to be concentrated, the release of capacity is expected to be relatively flat and slow, the 200,000 tons of capacity released by HD will soon be absorbed into the market.
4.4 pmma (polymethylacrylate) Polymethylacrylic acid (PMTA) with initial code pmma, commonly known as organic glass, which is by far the best in terms of composition and transparency in the material, and at a more appropriate price, the organic glass is divided into colourless, transparent and colourful.
Organic glass is commonly known as Alexi, Agri, organic glass with better transparency, chemical stability, mechanics and durability, dyeability, easy to process, appearance, beauty, etc., widely used in construction, advertising, transportation, medicine, industry, textiles, intensification, etc.
Pmma consists of three main processes: suspended polymerization, solution polymerization, and home polymerization. The suspended polymer and solution polymerization technologies are relatively mature, are more traditional production techniques, produce products with low purity, are new technologies, process complex, but prepare pmma products with a high level of purity and transparency.
With a global total capacity of about 2.2 million tons in 2016, and a global demand of about 900,000 tons, one can see that demand is probably less than that of total capacity, and that demand is in relative excess. The United States, China, Japan, the world’s top three milla producers, Mitsubishi Leeyang, winner, and Chimmy, are the world’s largest pmma students.
Production companies. The country’s 16-year capacity has reached 350,000 tonnes/year, and the start-up rate for domestic mma installations is about 60-65%, and as many overseas 17 enterprises have entered the domestic market, it is one of the pmma downstream applications, leading to a sharp increase in the demand for high-end pmma markets, as well as automobile manufacturers.
The driver's dashboard and internal controls have added multiple monitors, the demand for tft LCD monitors has increased dramatically, and the price of pmma is rising. From the future demand side, pmma's future development opportunities are mainly at the optical level of pmma, although domestic capacity is high.
However, the structure of the product is not very reasonable, with most producing generic varieties and lacking high-value-added products. High-end varieties and quality are difficult to meet domestic demand, external dependency rates are high, and optical-level pmma production techniques are mostly controlled.
(pmma) is ultra-permeable optical, and this product is mostly imported in the country and will be marketed in the future. ICyanate can be divided into two categories: aromatic isocyanate, represented by mdi, tdi. The other is adipose isocyanate, known as adipose, which currently consists mainly of: hdi, hmdi and ipti.
The lilac hemorrhoids contain structures such as benzene rings, which are not particularly stable, and which are easily oxidized, leading to less yellow, less resistant and less resilient products after oxidation, which tend to deplete and pollination, while the unstable structure of benzene-free rings in the fat group polycyanate, followed by the application of polyurethane coatings, is present.
Good tolerance, immature yellow change, and high hardness. hdi: hdi single-body global capacity totals 211,000 tonnes/year, with major producers being Bayer, Bassov, vancorex, Xu, npu, and HDW. Domestic single-body capacity amounts to 45,000 tonnes/year, respectively.
30,000 tonnes/year, 15,000 tonnes/year. An additional 15,000 tonnes/year Hdi 3-polymer production unit, Xinhua, with 10,000 tonnes/year Hdi-polycyanate “DornedTM” production unit in South China. 90% Hdi is used for the securitization component of double-assembly polyurethane coatings, and about 10% of hdi is used for glue fixants.
In part, the main domestic demand is concentrated on auto-repainting, wood paint, and with the rapid development of hydro-polyurethane coatings and the release of new energy vehicles as a result of environmental policies, the domestic price of phdi is ipdi: the difference in hdi is that it has excellent photo-stability and chemical tolerance, which is generally used in high grades.
Polyurethane coatings, such as photo-resistible polyurethane coatings, hydrolysis-resistant polyurethane elastomers. There are only five suppliers in the industry: Coth, Win, Vencorex, Bassov, Huanhua, industry entry barriers.
Breaking the situation of foreign monopolies. hmd1:hmd1 can produce non-yellow polyurethane products suitable for the production of polyurethane materials with excellent light stability, tolerance and mechanical performance, particularly for polyurethane felastics, hydrourethanes,
Garved coatings and photo-stabilised polyurethane coatings. In addition to excellent mechanics, hmdi gives excellent hydrolysis and chemical-resistant products. Market barriers are also high, and the main suppliers are: HDW, and, in general, Hdi, ipti, and hmdi are special icylates, mainly to improve aromatic varieties.
The production of cyanide is inadequate, and its downstream applications are mainly based on hydro-painting, which is an industry block for the sun, and are not expected to thrive with the development of hydro-painting, so that a company can provide new performance points.
Using the Porter Five Power model, it can be found that wando chemistry has a stronger bargaining power for suppliers and downstream customers, that there is no substitute risk for company products, that there are large barriers to entry, and that there is no threat of new entrants, so it's sorted out for analysis of the remaining five levels of peer competition.
Our analysis shows that the core competitiveness of competition among peers is found in three main components: 1, low-cost 2, better home-grown service packages, and 3 and higher R & D inputs. First, low-cost costs are lower for Chinese than for the US and Europe, together with the cost advantages of integration, as detailed above;
Second, better home-grown support services are found mainly in the new materials + special chemicals section, mainly because the market for mdi and tdi is relatively well developed, the product is relatively stable, the fossilized portion is still limited in yield and the Maori rate is low. Better home-grown support services are characterized by: 1, high pricing: 2,
At the request of domestic customers, customizes;3 and problems can be collected in a timely manner, and engineers can be sent to improve the field. Finally, the level of R & D input has been higher than the level of competition in the industry, which is the driving force behind the many years that have passed since we broke technical barriers and continued to innovate.
6. Key assumptions and profit projections 1.mdi landscapes remain tightly balanced in terms of supply and demand due to the limited capacity of new production, and continue to be sustained.
Increases in volume, and the release of the ethylene project will lead to a new breakthrough in the petrochemical business. 5. Specialized chemical + fine chemical farms will increase at the same rate as 18-year-h1 and 17-year-h1, with 52 per cent risk factors: a significant drop in the price of mdi and a drop in the price of petrochemical operations.