From mdi dragonhead to high-end chemical giants.
• From the mdi tap to the integrated chemical giant: the company started with mdi, which currently has 1.8 million tons of mdi capacity, is the lead in manufacturing mdi in the country and the largest mdi-making enterprise in the Asia-Pacific region. If successfully integrated into Hungarian bc, the company would have 2.1 million tons of mdi capacity.
The company maintains scientific and technological innovation and continuously optimizes the industrial structure, currently covering polyurethane clusters such as mdi, tdi, polyether polyol, acrylic acids, esters, epoxypropanes, etc.
The company is moving from a mdi oligopoly to an integrated, integrated chemical giant.
The acetylene is the head, planning a series of ethylene and acetylene derivatives. If you look at the return on investment alone, petrochemical projects may not compare with mdi, but you need to pay attention to three points. First, there is a collusive possibility that the main planned derivatives are used in polyurethane production and downstream applications.
Some of the products also involve industrial upgrading of downstream applications of polyurethane. Second, petrochemical products and traditional industries have a coupling effect on economies of scale and circulation.
Providing high-end differential solutions is what's long-term core competitiveness. New material plates are expected to be the long-term point of view: new materials plates in the HD will include, inter alia, thermal plastics polyurethane elastomers (tpu), high-sorting water resins (sap) and polycarbonate (pc), polymethyls.
First, the layout of the new material plate is based on the company's superior raw material industry chain and has a relatively high cost advantage; second, the company has a leading R & D investment and energy, as well as a promising reserve of new high-end polyolefins.
1.1. Started with mdi, the year of the move to a globalized industrial giant, was listed on the Shanghai Exchange in December 2001.
The strategy for the transformation of HDUR to HDRO chemistry has been officially renamed the “Wong China Chemical Group, Inc.” Now, the development and production bases of HDRO chemistry have evolved in smoke stations, Ningbo, Beijing, Shanghai and Pearlhai, with corporate companies and offices in more than a dozen countries and territories, including the United States, Japan and India.
Figure 1: The history of the development of wanhua chemistry
The successful one-time test project vehicle for the 160,000/year mdi device in 2005 was a milestone in the history of the industrial development of polyurethane in China. A pilot project vehicle for the pilot project in 2009 produced a successful test project vehicle for the Hmdi test project and a product for the production of a pilot project vehicle for the hdi project in 2009
The Ningbo Wanhua II project and the accompanying engineering project were officially launched in 2011 with the successful one-time drive of the 15,000 tonnes/year hdi production plant at Ningbo Wanhua Industrial Park.
An important initiative of the company ' s globalization strategy, the M.W. Chemical Acquisition of Hungarian Bosou, was successful in the application of the new photoreactive technology of the fifth generation, with M.D. ' s capacity increasing to 1.24 million tonnes per year in 2012, with the construction of a pilot sap and the production of qualified products.
The first 2,800 tons of a single-month production capability was successfully completed by a single-stage test vehicle for the smoke station 2000 tonnes/year Ipda, which produced qualified products.
A 2000 ton test-in-the-drill vehicle was successful, and the ip-ipn-ipda-ipdi industrial chain was fully functional. The 2014 total mdi output was 1.8 million tonnes/year Hdi 2 kiloton medium-scale pilot vehicle was successful in a single drive, breaking the technological monopoly of multinational corporations abroad.
In 2015, the Mandarin Chemical (Smoking) Petrochemicals Company Ltd. was officially established. The Pocahontas Industrial Park Po/ae Integration Project became fully operational and produced qualified products. The first phase of the full-scale construction was completed. 30,000 tons of Sap Smoky Industrial Parks were launched in 2016.
Launched in 2017, including 100,000 tons of aqueous material resin, 40,000 tons of modified mdi, and 70,000 tons of smoke station pc in 2018, the company intends to be listed in a consolidated manner. On 1 February 2018, the company’s shareholders held the shares.
In a sustainable manner, the industry is divided into one industry (a sustainable company) and one industry (a new company) and one industry (a new company). After the introduction of the continuous division, the company retained 47.92% of the shares in the company, but the actual controller of the company remained in the same position as the CCM.
Synthetic International, China-Congchen Investment, China-Caysen, and DeJeisen-Tung-Tung-Tung-Tung-Tung-Tung-Tung-Tung-Tung-Hong-Hong-Hong-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-h-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung will be cancelled.
The shareholders of the workers will be the shareholders of the listed companies, and the investors and their co-actors will together hold 41.72 per cent of the shares of the listed companies, while the actual controllers of the listed companies will remain the Smoky House State Finance Committee.
Figure 2: The stock structure that absorbs the pre-Hanhua chemistry company started with mdi, which currently has 1.8 million tons of mdi capacity, is the lead in manufacturing mdi in the country and the largest mdi manufacturing enterprise in the Asia-Pacific region. When the merger is completed, the company will be integrated into the Hungarian bc company, 300,000.
Ton capacity, with a total capacity of 2.1 million tons, is the highest in the world. The company maintains technological innovation and continuously optimizes the structure of the industry, which currently covers polyurethane clusters such as mdi, tdi, polyether polyol, petrochemical clusters such as acrylic acids and esters, epoxypropanes, hydropuds, pa emulsifiable fluids, tpu, adi series, etc.
The Division is moving from an oligarch to an integrated, integrated and developed chemicals giant. 1.2. Benefiting from the expansion of mdi size and climate, corporate profitability grew rapidly in 2017, as a result of soaring prices and increased sales of polyurethane and petrochemical products.
This represents an increase of 53.23 billion yuan in operating income, a 76.49 per cent increase in the same year, and a net return to the mother of 1,135 million yuan, an increase of 202.62 per cent in the same year. In the first quarter of 2018, the company achieved business income of 13.602 billion yuan, an increase of 23.57 per cent in the same year, and a net profit to the mother of 3,546 million yuan, an increase of 61.53 per cent in the same year.
The sales earnings from the year-by-year range of fine chemicals and new materials were $2.732 billion, $4.197 billion, or 9.07%, and 7.90% of total operating income, indicating that the company’s line of fine chemicals and new materials was steadily moving forward. And, based on Māori Summary, the polyurethane series contributed significantly in 2017 as a result of the boom in prices and profitability of polyurethane series products.
As the internationalization of companies progresses, it is expected that the foreign income share of companies will continue to be written into the polyurethane series.
In the field of polyurethane raw materials, the company is the global leader of mdi, with a current total capacity of 1.8 million tons, of which Ningbo 1.2 million tons and the smoke station 600,000.
With the company's breakthrough in manufacturing technology in mdi, the country's two bases have plans to upgrade their capacity to 2.1 million mdi capacity and 550,000 tons of tdi capacity each year. In addition to mdi, tdi, the company has developed a series of di products, as well as modified mdi, tpu, mda, etc.
More than a dozen series of products; in downstream applications, most of the mdi ' s downstream areas are covered. The current commons have formed complete polyurethanes (PURs), polyesters/polyether polyols, polyurethane materials and manufactured products that are integrated.
The wanhua chemistry, initially a single mdi supplier, is gradually moving upwards towards self-sufficiency of raw materials, reducing production output; downstream applications of products extending down to high-value-added end products; and horizontal enrichment of product types, breaking technical barriers to high-end products such as the addi, using the c3 industrial chain advantage of polyols, and overall competition in polyurethane.
There is a significant increase in competition and resistance to risk. 2.1 million watts of chemistry have a strong global voice for mdi. mdi is a short term for diphenylmethane diocyanate and one of the most important polyurethane raw materials.
mdi includes pure mdi and polymer mdi, i.e. diphenylmethane diocyanate, usually white to light yellow solids, and polymer mdi chemically known as polyphenylmethane polyocyanate, also known as papi, which is actually a low conglomerate of mdi, usually brown transparent liquids.
According to our statistics, the current global production capacity of mdi is about 8.42 million tons, and according to Kostov, the global demand for mdi is about 6.35 million tons in 2016, with a utilization rate of about 87.6 per cent for the expected annual capacity (7.25 million tons) and we believe that the price hub of mdi in 2016 is expected to remain close to 20,000 yuan per tonne.
In the future, WCP will continue to build on the current capacity of mdi and expand its production technology to the sixth generation of mdi.
Ningbo and Smoking Stations, based on the Hungarian bc company and the United States factory, set up a global mdi market to further enhance global competitiveness in the mdi field.
Mdi has high technical barriers and high financial barriers, which limit entry into the industry, and is now a global monopoly on mdi supply. Leading producers include Bassov, Manchuria, Kostov, Hensmeyer, Tods, etc., account for about 90% of the market share of the world’s top five suppliers.
At present, the global production capacity of mdi is about 8.42 million tons, and the increase in production since 2008 is largely due to the increase in production in the year of Wanhua, in the year of Koth, mainly from 300,000 tons of expanded production in Koth, and about 700,000 tons in 2020. The mdi device uses highly toxic light gas, which makes it vulnerable to accidents, explosions, leaks, etc.
The mdi units require regular overhaul. In addition, the by-product hydrogen chloride extreme corrosive equipment in mdi production, the failure rate of the older mdi production units is generally high, and it is a rough estimate that about 40% of the mdi production capacity worldwide has been in service for more than 20 years, which may be phased out in the future. Therefore, the real capacity of mdi is not very high, and future capacity growth is likely to be significant.
In 2016, the global supply of mdi will be about 7.07 million tons, and according to the Koths project, the global supply of mdi will reach 8.56 million tons in 2021, with an average annual compound growth rate of around 4%. China is the world ' s largest producer of mdi, according to 100%.
In 2017, China produced 3.12 million tons of manufacturing capacity, about 1.94 million tons, and used 62 per cent of production capacity. On the import side, owing to the large number of domestic plants established by international enterprises, the domestic self-sufficiency rate was higher, with 30.51 million tons of mdi imported in 2017 and less than 20 per cent of external capacity.
The consumption demand for polymer mdi is mainly in the areas of white domestic electricity, construction, and automobiles: the downstream demand for pure mdi is concentrated mainly on the soles of shoes, pulp, ammonia, and tpu. The pure mdi has a shorter shelf life, a more homogeneous downstream application, a relatively small output and a relatively small price volatility. The market for mdi is therefore mainly under polymer mdi.
Figure 15: Downstream consumption structure of China ' s polymer mdi 2016 Figure 16: Downstream consumption structure of China ' s pure mdi 2016
In the case of new energy vehicles, polyurethane is used mainly for hard bubbles.
The current soft bubble seats are dominated by tdi, and a certain percentage of mdi is likely to be replaced in the future. According to Koths, global mdi consumption increased more steadily in 2016-2021, at an average compound rate of 4% per year, and global consumption by 2021 was about 7.7 million tons.
The supply and demand structure of mdi is essentially close to 2016 levels, with a demand/supply ratio of nearly 90%, which is in a state of tight balance. 2.1.3.W have a global lead in mdi investment and production costs.
Three parts. Photogasification is the most complex and critical component, with energy consumption accounting for more than 60 per cent of the total energy consumption of mdi devices. mdi production process barriers are high, mainly as a result of: (1) high input and energy consumption of equipment, requiring significant investment of funds: (2) high levels of pollution of light gas and wastewater emissions, high environmental requirements for the plant and requirements for site: (3) process recovery.
The process is difficult to control, and the harvest rate is highly influenced by the process; (4) patented technology is in the hands of the core. mdi's high-tech barriers have constructed deeper moats. Huanhua chemistry introduced mdi installations in Japan in 1984, but has not been able to achieve design production due to a lack of core technology.
In 2000, the company ' s 40,000 tons/year mdi manufacturing technology was certified by experts that the quality of its products was almost internationally advanced, marking a complete break from the monopoly blockade of transnational corporations and becoming the fifth country in the world to have an autonomous intellectual property right to manufacture them. In 2007, the group took ownership of research and development.
China’s technological innovation in the petroleum and chemical industries has been set as the benchmark for the country’s technological progress. The wanwa chemical mdi process is a global leader, with the largest single-package capacity, and the lowest investment and cost.
Newly, the mdi unit capacity has grown from 40,000 tonnes/year in 2001 to 800,000 tonnes/year, and the company is expected to produce more recently tons in mdi, including 600,000 tonnes of smoke stations and 1.2 million tonnes of Ningbo. After absorbing the sum of 100,000 tonnes of production from bc, the company’s total mdi capacity has reached 2.1 million tonnes, the world’s largest.
In comparison with the amount of investment, the cost of investing 600,000 tons of production devices in smoke stations is about $137 million, which is not only lower than the investment in factories in China by Bassfe and Hensmeyer, but also has an integrated raw material advantage. In terms of production costs, wanhua chemistry has been transformed through a range of techniques to address the need for amphetamines and monoxides for mdi production.
The supply of raw materials such as carbon, hydrogen and formaldehyde, the digestion of by-product hydrochloric acid, the reduction of energy consumption, and control of production costs have been achieved and, as technological progress has been made, the cost of 10,000 watts of mdi continues to decrease and the ability of polyurethane plates to resist cyclical fluctuations has increased. In 2015, the price of mdi fell to the historical bottom of $110,000 per ton, and the Māori rate of the company polyurethane plates was 33 per cent.
It is still higher than the corresponding Māori rate of RMB 15,000/t in 2009. The reason for this is, on the one hand, the decline in the price of pure benzene for raw materials, and, on the other hand, evidence of a significant increase in the cost-control capacity of companies.
Mdi consumes more regionally, although it is already the world’s largest chemical producer, but it is concentrated in China. To further secure mdi’s global flagship, the city also needs to “go out.” Historically, other mdi pioneers have also opted to expand their global operations by building plants on the ground of consumption.
After the WCP, Bc’s performance began to wrinkle in 2014, with a net profit of 396 million euros in 2017. With the recapitalization of significant assets, Hungarian bc will become a fully-owned subsidiary of the company, with Bc serving as its base and expanding the European market.
In 2017, the company’s budget was $7.8 billion to invest in an integrated construction project in the United States, which, when it landed, would lead to a city where the vast American market would be won. The price of crude oil and pure benzene would fall, while the price of products would fall all the way;
Between 2012 and 2015, oil prices continued to weaken and the price of mdi raw material benzene fell significantly, together with a significant increase in global production capacity, with the price of mdi falling below $10,000 per ton, the bottom of the past year; The price of mdi began to rise sharply in the second half of 2016. We believe that the reasons are multiple:
First, supply-side problems, accidents and inspections of mdi installations at home and abroad, intermittent imbalances in supply and demand, and increased capacity of mainstream firms to control prices; and second, the recovery of the economy abroad and favourable demand from abroad, especially in 2017, when the price of mdi from China was once over 40,000 yuan, a record high.
Combined, by mid-2016, the price of mdi and the price of pure benzene were strongly consistent. We believe that the price of raw materials has a significant impact on mdi at this point in time, because of supply and demand, or a low balance.
In the second half of the year, the supply and demand situation of mdi has changed, with the September 16 explosion exacerbating the supply and demand situation, and major producers have significantly increased their control over prices, leading to price booms. Supply and demand will be price-dominated under tight supply and demand constraints.
The price of annual mdi has not been accompanied by a significant increase in the price of pure benzene. We believe that this also reflects a pattern of tight supply and demand of mdi. The price of pure benzene has risen in this round, and the price response has lagged because of the high level of historical stocks. Looking ahead, we think that, on the one hand, the supply of mdi or its continued tightness, and on the other, the current round, the price of pure benzene has fallen behind.
The price of crude oil will also support the price of raw materials in the future. Historically, when crude oil prices were above $70 in 2009-2014, the price center of mdi was at $16.5 million per tonne.
2.2.tdi: The next power point of the company came into production in the second half of the year, with 250,000 tons of active capacity from the Hungarian base.tdi is still a highly monopolistic industry worldwide. By the end of 2016, there were 16 tdi in the world.
Annual consumption will be around 2.4 million tons, with a 4% increase in consumption. Global energy supply and demand are tight. In 2016, domestic production of tidi was about 840,000 tons, yielding 74,58 million tons, showing consumption of 6.388,000 tons, and looking to the city later, 2018, 200,000 tons/year of tutdi and 300,000 tons of Mandarin chemistry in Saudi Arabia.
In view of the prevailing problem of ageing installations in the overseas tdi industry and the fact that domestic production facilities do not address the problem of safe and stable operation, tdi is still somewhat volatile.
Looking ahead, the toxic issue of drifting tdi is a key issue in the development of the tdi industry, the impact of drift tdi on human well-being is more controversial in Western countries, and the future application of tdi may have some impact.
Diocyanate is commonly known as adipose diocyanate, of which Hdi, ipidi, h12mdi are the main species currently on the market, of which pipdi and h12mdi are mostly sold in monomer, hdi are made into solidant structures with unsaturated benzene rings in the aromatic hemoacate molecules, which are easily oxidized and colorable, leading to their derivatives being easily coloured.
In addition, because of the large aromatic formations, which are prone to molecular tension, their products are elastic and easily powdered. And unsaturated structures such as double-key or benzene rings exist in fat (ring) hectare molecules whose derivatives are polyurethane coated with good mechanical performance, strong chemical stability and excellent tolerance, with full coverage of medium- and high-end applications.
By the end of the year, you have complete knowledge of the core technology of the heftoqualone whole-industry chain. In April 2016, you managed to get down the line ipdi. With the completion of stage two Hdi monolithic and tripolymer devices, HD2 would form 70,000 tonnes/year hdi monolithic, 50,000 tonnes/year hdi tripolymeric, 5,000 tonnes/year bipolar, 10,000 tonnes/year h12mdi, 15,000 tonnes/year ipidi.
Bifluorine diocyanate. 2.3.1.hdi: The coating solidant is a high volatilization and toxicity of the Hdi (H6-methyl diocyanate) monomer in the main application area, where the hdi is typically anti-water.
The global supply of hdi is a monopoly. The global capacity of hdi production is concentrated in Corsco, vncorex, evaporation, etc.
Five companies, Dong Cao and Wanhua, with Coth generating about 50% of the world’s production capacity. In 2016, we consumed about 58,000 tons of monomer, of which about 5,000 tons were used as a glue fixer for yellow-resistant sports shoes, and the rest in the area of paint.
Seventy per cent of the hdi consumed abroad was used in original car paints and repair paints, and about 20 per cent in the production of yellow-resistant pu products. The country’s current demand was concentrated in such areas as car paints, protective paints, wood paints, where car repair paints, original plants paints, have a larger share of applications, looking to the future, car paints and wood paints have greater scope for development.
2.3.2.ipdi, h12mdi, etc. breaks the foreign monopoly of ipidi (ipsophylene diocyanate) with low reaction activity and low vapour pressure compared to aromatic monocyanate. Polyurethane resins are produced with excellent photo-stability and resistance to chemistry.
PUR coatings, grind-resistant PUR elastomers, can be used to manufacture non-yellow-to-micro-polymer polyurethane foams. Until 2016, Ipdi’s technology has been mastered by a number of foreign companies, including Kossi, Winner-Desquares, Bassov, and Con-Wing, which are totally dependent on imports.
H1,mdi (dicyclohexyl methane-4,4'-diocyanate) is mainly used for the preparation of non-yellow-modified polyurethane products suitable for the production of polyurethane materials with excellent light stability, durability and mechanical performance, especially for the production of polyurethane munitions, hydrourethane, fabric coatings and photo-stabilised polyurethane coatings.
The production of H12mdi is currently concentrated in Huanhua, Kothsi, and three companies.
Vanhua Chemistry planned petrochemical operations in the Octacre Industrial Park, where propane was purchased as the main feedstock, ethylene, propene, and serial ethylene, acrylic derivatives were planned, and the first phase of the project was implemented in two phases: 750,000 tonnes/year propane dehydration device, 250,000 tonnes/year butol.
Devices, 240,000 tonnes/year epoxypropanes, 300,000 tonnes/year polyether devices, 300,000 tonnes/year acrylic acid devices, 420,000 tonnes/year acrylic serial esters, etc. The second phase consisted mainly of 1 million tonnes/year ethylene combined devices, 400,000 tonnes/year polyvinyl chloride (pvc) devices, 150,000 tonnes
/Old ethylene oxide (eo) devices, 450,000 tonnes/yearly low-density polyethylene (lldpe) devices, 30/65 epoxypropane/styrene combined (po/sm) devices, 50,000 tonnes/year butadiene devices, scheduled for production in 2018.
The main derivatives of the Mandarin Plan, most of which are polyurethane production and consumption in downstream applications, are synergistic possibilities, not only are some of the products involved in industrial upgrading of the downstream applications of polyurethane. Secondly, petrochemical products and traditional industries have a coupling relationship that allows them to take advantage of the economies of scale and circulation. For example, propane dehydride regenerates hydrogen.
Finally, as can be seen from the planning of petrochemical products, Huanhua is deliberately moving from the supply of large-scale chemical materials to the provision of high-end differential solutions, and many of the planned varieties, such as mma, pc, are of high market capacity and high external dependency.
The product, which is an important development opportunity, places a high demand on production and downstream applications, which are the core long-term competitiveness of HD.
The core of the product chain of 3.1.propylene lies in the provision of polyurethane and its downstream applications. The HDCP project consists mainly of 750,000 tonnes/year propane dehydration devices, 250,000 tonnes/year butol devices, 240,000 tonnes/year epoxypropanes, 300,000 tonnes/year polyether devices, 300,000 tonnes/year acrylic acid devices, 420,000 tonnes/year acrylic acid serial esters, etc.
The main thing about c-c is that polyether polyols, given the relatively good quality of po/mtbe c-cs, should be a high priority. The acrylic acid and ester business is currently mainly concerned with the development of water coatings and sap operations, but there is also the possibility of a coupling with polyurethane operations, and we suggest that the market focus on the possibility of companies having a pua business.
Of the planned varieties for the first phase of the project, the return on investment in the butol business was somewhat lower, but it was also possible that the company had a layout in the field of polyester powder coatings, with a focus on the likelihood of a further increase in the IBS rate for the butol device. 3.1.1.pdh was the core link in the AC chain.
The 750,000-ton pdh (propane dehydrate acrylic) facility in the Octagon area uses uop technology to import propane as a feedstock in the Middle East, producing acrylic acrylic acid and esters (including sap) and nbutol in the park area.
At the end of the product, the company’s by-product hydrogen gas is internalized, and one of the company’s core competitiveness for other propane dehydration enterprises is now. The rise of the propane dehydration industry is due to the rise of the shale gas industry in North America, which has led to a sustained increase in the supply of light hydrocarbon resources in North America.
The rise of the shale gas industry was confirmed in 2006 and the United States achieved full self-sufficiency of condensed oil in 2008 and began exporting it. Net exports of propane and butane began in 2011 in the United States and net exports of ethane in 2014.
Based on ihs data, the production of 46.57 million tons of propane in the United States in 2015 is expected to reach 55.6 million tons in the United States in 2020, with a net increase of about 9 million tons. According to incomplete statistics, the new pdh project worldwide is planned at approximately 7.89 million tons in 2016-2020, with an estimated additional 9.6 million tons of propane required.
The pdh device is largely based on the difference between the price of acrylic and propane. The price of acrylic is relatively closely linked to the price of international oil. As a result of the rise of the shale gas industry, propane prices tend to be decoupled from the price of international oil, while propane is often used in the United States as a heating fuel with high prices in winter and low seasonal features in summer.
Figure 28: Pdh ' s profit regression polypropylene is the most important derivative of acrylic, with the focus on the development of the cycloacrylic, acrylic and butol industries, all of which are important support materials for downstream applications of polyurethane and for high-end polyurethane products.
3.1.2. Isobutylene-based mma and po/mbte constitute industrial co-benefits, with large market spaces for epoxypropanes being second only to polypropylene and polyether polyols being its most important derivatives.In 2014, the global production capacity of epoxy was about 10,265 tons, with a consumption of about 8.5 million tons.
In 2019, global production of c-C was close to 12.5 million tons.According to the consumption structure, about 67 per cent of the world ' s c-C-C-C-C was used for polyether polyol production, with consumption of c-propylene accounting for about 18 per cent, while other uses were mainly for the production of non-ion surfactants, oil field deformants, pesticide emulsion agents and wetting agents.
In terms of consumption structure, about 78% of the country’s c-proper is used for polyether polyol production. There are two key problems with the development of the domestic c-propylene industry.
More severe, with large amounts of wastewater and sludge produced, 43 tonnes of soodized water and 2.1 tonnes of caci2 slag per ton of production of epoxy-propane, with “five-high” characteristics of high temperature, high ph value, high chlorine ion content, high cod content and high suspension content, which are difficult to treat.
Second, although C-C is under-employed, there is still a certain amount of C-C to import each year. The main reason is that the products of the chlorool process do not meet the production needs of high end polyether, and the development of C-C in other technological pathways is related to the problem of polyether industrial upgrading and re-engineering.
The development of the po/mtbe co-oxidation process was chosen for the first phase of the WCP project, mainly considering the instability of the hppo process and the inaccessibility of ethylene from the p/m route. Po/mtbe co-oxidation is a question of how the by-product mtbe should be disposed of.
The existing process of producing 1 ton of po by-products 3 tons of mtbe. 250,000 tons of po/mtbe by-products of the co-oxidation device mtbe about 750,000 tons, with a total national production of approximately 9,738,600 tons in 2016, has a significant impact. Moreover, traditional mtbes are used mainly for oil transfer, but given the announcement by the Chinese Government in September 2017 that 2020 is planned to take place in China.
Fuel ethanol gasoline is promoted nationwide and the addition of other oxygen-containing compounds to the finished oils is limited, and the future of mtbe is uncertain. 50,000 tons of heterobutylene pmma and 80,000 tons of pmma are planned for production in the second half of the year.
formaldehyde, oxidizing/esterification, mma used mainly for the production of conductor panels, optical fibres, aviation and orbital transport transparency materials, liquid crystal screens, led panels, etc., are important new strategic materials. Global capacity in 2014 was 4.56 million tons, yielding 3.38 million tons, projected
Global production in 2018 was close to 5 million tons. The country ' s production capacity in 2016 was 870,000 tons, yielding about 700,000 tons, and the main reason for this was the high domestic capacity of the acetone-cyanol process, which was severely released and under environmental stress.
Given that the 50,000 tonnes of mamma of Hakuyu and Idali have been successfully driven and are largely connected to the process, we believe that the 50,000 tonnes of mamma project should be difficult to control.
The domestic market is well placed to absorb this part of the production and to create better synergy with the existing pc business, given that the volume should be around 400,000 tonnes and the acetone cyanol process is limited. 3.1.3. Acrylic acid and esters: downstream sap and water coating are promising prospects
In 2016, our total acrylic capacity reached 3.05 million tons, rapidly expanding its capacity from 12 to 14 years, leading to a decline in the rate of start-up, which is now only about 66%. But Van Wa is relying on his own pdh advantage to develop acrylic acid and esters, and is developing in the rapidly developing industries of high-sap water-sorting resins and water coatings.
Figure 32: Domestic Acrylic Production (in tons) High-sortage resin (sap) is a new, functionally high-magnostic material with a strong water-absorbent capacity, capable of water protection
Enough to absorb and maintain hundreds to thousands of water in a short period of time, neither water nor organic solvents, no poison, no harm, no pollution, and about 90% of the sap is used for sanitary items such as paper urinary pants. As the penetration rate of pants and old-age incontinents rises, IRS projects an average annual growth rate of 20% in the size of the sap market over the next three years.
The country’s high-end sap market is currently dominated by foreign companies like E-Dansen and the three major social companies, and technical barriers are extremely high. It takes five years for the high-performance sap produced through autonomous R & D to meet the standards for sanitary items, the number of which should be used for baby paper diapers, adult paper diapers, and female hygiene items, and it is hoped that import substitution will be implemented in the high-end sap market.
Water paints, although presented earlier, are still not as good as they are, mainly because they do not have a strong competitive advantage in terms of product performance and prices. But, with a series of strong environmental policies in place, water paints are bound to be at a stage of gold development. The Institute of Forward-looking Industries predicts that 20% of the country’s water paints will be produced in five years.
In 2018, we produced about 2.84 million tons of water paint, reaching 7 million tons by 2023, and the production of water paint will increase at an average rate of 23 per cent.
Domestic acrylic acid production tends to contract, and there will be less production in the future, and with downstream saps and water coatings driving, there will be much room for development of acrylic chains.
At the end of 2016, the country produced 225,660 tons of formal butanol, producing about 1.53 million tons, with an overall start rate of 68%, and it is difficult to understand the Marbutylol project if you look at the supply of and demand for formal butanol alone. The production of formal butanol is by-product of isobutyldehyde, which can be used as an important material for synthetic polyester powder resins.
Solution-based coatings, which release a large amount of volc, have become a central concern for the country in its management of fog. In the relevant competitive routes, powder resins and photo-stabilized resins are the most promising applications. For a long time, the new epentol process in the country has been dominated by a discriminatory approach, with npg-to-polyester powder coatings developed for hydrogen-added processes.
The main reason for this shortfall is that one third of the country's supply structure still has a highly polluting industrial chain of 3.2. c2 and the Ethylene project has been completely closed in the park. The company announced on 1 August 2017 that it would invest in the Ethylene project to integrate the polyurethane production chain.
Construction content and size include: 1 million tonnes/year of ethylene, 400,000 tonnes/year of polyvinyl chloride (pvc), 150,000 tonnes/year of ethylene oxide, and associated auxiliary engineering and utility engineering facilities. This means that outside the c3 industry chain, companies achieve vertical extension and horizontal coupling of the polyurethane and petrochemical industry chain, taking full advantage of existing public works and public works in parks.
As a result of storage advantages such as the lpg underground vaults, the company began to engage in the c2 industry chain to address the bottlenecks and development problems of ethylene, a key raw material and downstream derivatives. As a result, the company moved further to the largest, most diverse, competitive and profitable polyurethane-specific chemical complex.
ethylene has always been known as the “mother of the petrochemical industry” and as one of the most important basic chemical raw materials ethylene can be used for the production of a variety of chemical feedstock products such as polyethylene, polyvinyl chloride, ethylene oxide/ethylene ethylene, styrene and acetic acid.
Applications involve most sectors such as automobiles, textiles, apparel, electronics, building materials, plastics, etc. As a country with large automobiles, large domestic electricity consumers, large textile exporters, domestic market demand for ethylene and its downstream products is increasing as production from processed manufacturing increases, and the ethylene extension industry has a high annual output in upstream and downstream industries.
With the rapid growth of the national economy and the rapid development of domestic ethylene industries, our country is now the second largest producer of ethylene in the world after the United States. But overall, the domestic ethylene sector is still developing, with generally small installations and high costs associated with the re-qualitying of raw materials, so the ethylene industry’s equivalent gap remains relative to the high demand for downstream ethylene.
As many as 20 million tons, the structural deficit is particularly acute, especially with regard to the dependence of ethylene downstream derivatives on imports. According to projections of progress in the implementation of new ethylene projects in the country and downstream consumption growth, the domestic ethylene sector is expected to remain at a large market gap for the “13th” and beyond.
In terms of the structure of ethylene downstream consumption, our ethylene consumption structure is roughly comparable to global levels, with polyethylene being the largest downstream consumption area, followed by ethylene oxide and dichloroethane. In addition, the low level of biooccupancy in our ethylene downstream, such as α-vinyl hydrocarbons, indicates a low domestic supply capacity in the area of high-end derivatives and a greater dependence on imported products.
The price of the raw material is an important determinant of the ethylene economy. Current production processes in the ethylene mainstream include vapour fission, catalytic fission, coal/methanol-based carbide, and polycarbon (including ethane, propane, etc.) fission, in which the vapour fission material is stoned.
Cerebral oils dominate, including condensation oils, hydrogen tail oils, and some light hydrocarbons. Unlike the Middle East and North America, where ethane is the main source of production, pyrocephalus is the country’s leading process route, accounting for more than 85%, while the energy structure of the country’s more coal-poor oil- and gas-poor energy structure has also led to increased attention to the process route of coal/methanol production of ethylene.
However, compared to the process routes in the Middle East and North America, where cheap ethane raw materials are used, the process routes using graphite oil and coal/methanol as raw materials are at a relative cost disadvantage. Therefore, how to promote the light-massing and diversification of raw materials, and step by step to optimize the structure of the ethylene industry is a key factor in improving the competitiveness of the ethylene industry.
The company's proposed input of ethylene devices is based on propane, while the capacity to process some of the ethane raw materials is reserved for adaptive conditions. The use of propane as feedstock is not only the material, as compared to the traditional graphite oil feedstocks.
Lightening and diversification have further optimized material balance, enriched technical routes and, for companies, has a clear (1) production process, with material costs superior to those of paracephaly oil, and typical ethylene production processes include such devices as cracking, compression, separation, cooling, hydrogenification and blending.
Because sulfur oil is a mixture of hydrocarbons with a variety of carbon numbers, typically light sulfur oils containing carbon in the range of c5 - c9, unlike sulfon oil routes, propane (c3) is used as a feedstock to significantly reduce investment and operating costs for processing and separation systems (red frames in graphs) with recombined at or above c3 and corresponding rates for the target product ethylene.
The success of the shale gas revolution in the United States has led to a significant increase in the supply of propane and a subsequent fall in prices, which has led to a price of propane that has always been comparable to the price of glycerine being lower than the price of glycerine, which is now probably the price of glycerine.
80%, and therefore the cost advantage of using propane as a feedstock is becoming increasingly apparent. At the same time, considering that propane prices are clearly cyclical, summer prices are low, winter prices are high, and the company’s 1 million cubic metres of underground reservoirs are well suited for storing propane, and the improvements in storage facilities further strengthen the company’s cost advantage at the material end.
(2) The supply of raw materials is more stable than the ethane route and, with the success of the shale gas revolution, the supply of ethane in the United States has grown rapidly and now exceeds the Middle East as the world ' s largest producer and net exporter of ethane, which has also led to a steady decline in the price of ethane.
At this stage, the United States has begun to build new large-scale ethylene-based fission devices, but exports are still limited to the construction and support of the basic conditions of pipelines, docks, reception facilities, etc., which have resulted in most of the excess ethylene being retained or retrenched.
Given the effects of the China-US trade war, there is a future risk of direct non-export of ethane to China, so there are problems or doubts about the stability of the supply of raw materials for ethylene fission. The company purchases propane mainly from the Middle East, and the company is the only Chinese push in global cap pricing rights.
Proprietary enterprises, combined with the global dispersion of ng resources and the spread of production areas across Asia and the Pacific, the Middle East and the Atlantic Basin, have further guaranteed companies access to cheap supplies of raw materials.
Polyethylene is the most important ethylene downstream derivative, and given the economies of scale of the ethylene fission device, the company is also planning to develop lldpe operations outside the po/sm, pvc, eo industry.
The focus is on the point of departure for the company’s development of po/sm and lldpe. Polyethylene is the most important ethylene downstream derivative. Given the economies of scale of the ethylene fission device, the company plans to develop lldpe operations outside the po/sm, pvc, eo industry.
The production of hydrochloric acid, eo itself an important input to the polyether polyol industry and the difficulty of long-range transport, are simpler than these two products, and we will not proceed, focusing on the point of departure for corporate development of po/sm and lldpe. 3.2.5.po/sm invests more heavily, but is the least cost integrated C-C production route.
As described in 3.1.2, the polyoxidation cyclocyl may be divided into ethylene oxidation (po/sm, polystyrene) and isobutane cooxidation (po/tba or mtbe, tributylene or mtbe).
By the end of 2017, the total domestic output of styrene had reached 8.9 million tons, an increase of 8.9 per cent.
In 2016, global polyethylene production was 117 million tons, and global consumption was around 100 million tons, increasing at an average annual rate of 4 to 5%. According to information from Begawa, China produced about 16.16 million tons of polyethylene in 2017, producing about 12,98 million tons.
According to future plans, polyethylene production is expected to reach 21.908 million tons in 2020, and we expect consumption to be about 28.5 million tons, with a significant shortfall in production capacity. There is an urgent need for high-end growth in our polyethylene industry.
Reasonably, the high proportion of low-styrene condensates, with some high-value-added high-end materials, such as hexaene or acrylic polylldpe, held a long-term monopoly on imported materials. Therefore, the future high-end condensed polyolefin business will have a greater oral replacement space. We believe that in the future there will be a great deal of potential in the field of α-vinyl-based raw materials, high-end polycrylate production, etc.
New material plates are growing rapidly and are expected to be a long-term growth point.
The extension of the petrochemical industry chain, with high value added, effectively digests the company’s upstream basic chemical production and enhances its resilience to the cycle of the whole chain.
The company’s pc operations are mainly concentrated in the Cape 8, with a capacity of 70,000 tons in one phase, which has been completed. The second phase of 130,000 tons of capacity is expected to be completed by the end of the 18th century.
In 2016, the production capacity of the global polycarbonate was about 5 million tons, with a consumption rate of about 4.2 million tons, an increase of 9.8 per cent in comparison with the corresponding figure, with a domestic capacity of 870,000 tons in 2016, an increase of about 17.25 million tons, an increase of 4.5 per cent in relation to the previous year, external dependence, and a faster rate of expansion of the future pc capacity, with public information indicating that new pc production in the country between 2018 and 2020 was about 9.8 per cent.
At the stage of rapid expansion of the pc capacity, the firm’s competitiveness is determined first by cost advantages and secondly by the quality of the product. We expect that the high-end pc dependence on imports will continue to be based on the company’s pc technology route of interface light gas, heavy photogas concentration of carbon molecules and low molecular volatility (~2%).
Molecular structure is well-structured, high-end rates (>97%) and low-temperature-heat history (<145°C). Products are of significantly better quality than non-luminous-tech routes and can be high-end products. As pc and mdi have more common customers in many downstream industries such as home power, automobiles and building materials, companies can rely on them.
Tomdi's accumulated high-quality customer resources, entering the pc customer market. 4.2. Elastomers are the most promising direction for the future. The fastest growing product in the polyurethane industry is thermoplastic polyurethane elastomers (tpu), with the country's megawatts and peaks.
While the downstream shoe industry has performed poorly and demand has fallen, the market for tpu membrane has grown rapidly, increasing overall consumption by about 5%. We are a large global producer of polyurethane, with well-equipped key raw materials, which has created a comparison between the development of the tpu industry and the growth of the tpu industry.
At present, polyurethane thermal plastics elastics are used mainly in the footwear industry, as well as in gymnastics, sports equipment, but polyurethane thermal plastics are close to engineering plastics, the best combination of thermal plastics. The pre-industrial landscape depends on companies’ understanding and understanding of downstream user characteristics.
Around tonnes, the domestic demand is between 400,000 and 500,000 tonnes.tpu is also a polyurethane, usually divided into polyesters and polyether types according to its soft chain type, of which polyesters are more common, accounting for about 80 to 90% of the total demand.
In the raw materials produced by tpu, polyester polyols are dominated by aca(a) and 1,4-butadiol(bdo) or ethyldiol(eg) as a polymer reaction, and polyether polyols are dominated by ptmeg.
4.2.1. Shoewood is the main application area downstream of tpu with a variety of tpu products, including liquid and granular types, further processing of special plastics that can be made in high modulus or rubber that can be made in thin film or fibre, and can be adapted to downstream demand
So the downstream applications of tpu are rich. tpu shoes are the most important applications, accounting for about 39%. tpu shoes have the advantages of being light, comfortable, flexible, varied, easily processed and recyclable. Thus, tpu made shoes in the early stages of development, such as ski boots, boarding, etc.
Mountain boots, etc., are the main downstream applications, and in recent years the share of the shoe industry has declined as the application of tpu has expanded. The proportion of glues, tubes and tpu applications has also gradually increased, with a market share of 15% and 14%, respectively. tpu film products are one of the more rapidly growing subsectors. tpu film is processed from tpu granules.
Good features such as thermal plastic elasticity with high intensity, resilience, grinding, oil resistance, cold resistance, age resistance, environmental non-toxication, degradation, etc.: excellent properties such as waterproofing, wind-proofing, chill-proof, anti-bacterial, anti-violet-resistant, etc., can be applied to a wide range of industries. In addition, the production of new products in thermomelting of tpu has gradually started to start, develop, and develop.
The tpu thermal molten film is both highly viscous and physically good in tpu compared to the formerly dominant eva heat-melt and synthetic rubber-type heat-melt, and many of the fields where traditional heat-melting can be difficult to use can succeed tpu-heat-melt film, which will be one of the important developments in the future in the area of plastic thin film and heat-melting.
According to statistics, the total domestic production of tpu membranes in 2015 is about 30,000 tons, and it is expected to maintain an increase of more than 10 per cent in the future.
Consumption has continued to increase as a result of a wide range of applications in the areas of footwear, glues, rollers, tubes, glues, synthetic tans, smelting ammonia, film, etc. The current market capacity is between 400,000 and 600,000 tons, accounting for more than half of global consumption, and is the world’s largest consumer of tpu.
tpu’s global production capacity is about 1.959 million tons, with a high market concentration. Kratonpolymers, dow, lyondellbasell, and Basf’s 5 firms account for 40% of the global market share of tpu.
About 381,000 tonnes, based on expansion, tpu production is currently expected to reach between 400,000 and 500,000 tonnes. In recent years, some upstream producers of polyurethane raw materials have begun to extend the industrial chain to downstream production of tpu, and these firms have the power to match the risks associated with price fluctuations in raw materials and are gradually taking a proactive role in market competition.
From the experience of global mega-development, upstream-downstream integration is a trend in the future of the tpu industry. The tpu industry currently produces 120,000 tons of tpu-years, mainly tpu-based particles, and is a supplier of raw materials for many downstream tpu-processing enterprises.
The company intends to be listed as a whole by absorbing the merger, which is initially expected to be 52.218 billion yuan, with a combined circulation of 1,716 million shares to the counterparty.
After the transaction is completed, the listed company will inject 100% of the Hungarian bc stock, 100% of the bc stock, 25.5% of the Vannimbo stock and 8% of the Huahua chlor-alkali power.
In 2017, the MOST was 16,276 million yuan, resulting in a mother ' s net profit of 9,982 million yuan. If the assets were injected, the WCP would have increased its net profit in 2017 by approximately $4,646 million, with a total net profit of 15,781 million yuan.
The total production of mdi was 1.16 million tons, the average price of mdi was 21,000 yuan per ton in 2018, 20,000 yuan after 2019, and there was a significant increase in the ability of the HDZ chemical resistance to the mdi cycle, with the company’s cyclical properties weakened and growing. Compared to the domestic cycle, the company’s current valuation level is somewhat competitive.
Corporate mdi accounts for a higher share of revenue, mdi is a cycle product, historical price fluctuations are greater, and if industry competition increases and prices fall sharply, it has a greater impact on corporate profit levels. Corporate new projects are better planned, and they are both asset-intensive, large chemical projects that are not moving as fast as expected.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board