I'm looking forward to the future growth of the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre.
Net profit exceeded expectations, modified performance guidelines: On July 12, Chewie released a performance forecast for the first half of 2019, the company ' s higher net profit forecast was due mainly to: downstream customer demand boosting + cost-control capabilities; downstream customer demand uplifting: three stars re-incoming new products and domestic new customer orders being released.
The revenue was $560 million, a 5.4 per cent decline over the same period, owing mainly to the reduction in sales as a result of the reduction in the overall volume of purchases as a result of tight electronic controls on the import of new products by the company ' s top three clients in 2018; and the restructuring of the product structure, which resulted in an increase in the proportion of purchases of low-end products, which resulted in lower average unit prices.
Stars have resumed imports of new products this year, and the demand for downstream companies has increased considerably. Moreover, in order to reduce excessive reliance on single customers, companies are actively expanding new domestic customers, working with domestic consumer electronic giants such as Mi, vivo, Opo, Hua, and so on, domestic orders have grown rapidly.
It is argued that the main reason for the company’s over-expected business performance in the first half of the year is the re-entry of three stars into new products and the release of new domestic customer orders. With the increase in the share of Sam’s purchases of high-end products and the continued trend of chip nationalization, we expect a significant increase in the output and sales of the company’s radio frequency devices in 2019.
Cost control is excellent: technological innovation and supply chain management together maintain high net interest rates. Chip products are rapidly updated by technological changes, each generation is introduced with an increasing market competition, and the unit price of Lina is reduced from 0.35 to 0.2, with a 43% decrease in both company gross.
Interest rates fell from 62.1% to 51.7%, a decrease of 16.7 pct, much less than in the asp. This is mainly due to the company ' s stronger technological innovation and supply chain management capacity, and in terms of technological innovation: through the integrated integrated radio frequency switches developed autonomously, the company has reduced the frequency switch supply cycle and improved its readiness;
Supply chain management: due to the expansion of corporate operations and the increase in the value of purchases, the company brought up the volume of radio frequency devices with the upper and lower rallies #5g, adding up to the demand for national production alternatives, and the company ' s growth was sufficiently motivated. From 2g Dzumi (300782); radio frequency scarcity, 5g
To 4g, the number and variety of radio frequency devices will increase rapidly as the frequency of communications increases, with single help to fly (2019-07-03) The value of radio frequency devices in mobile phones has increased from $3 to $18, and the 5g product will exceed $25.00
. The mobile smart terminal will need to increase the number of radio frequency switches to meet the demand for different frequency bands, to receive and launch, and to a certain extent the smart phone casings are now more manual and better-looking metal casings, which will create a shield for radio frequency signals and require antenna tune-up switches to enhance the antenna's message to different frequency bands.
. According to the skyworks, 5g smart terminals can increase their radio frequency switches from 10 to 30. In addition, the number of antennas and radio frequency circuits in smart phones has increased, the demand for low radio noise amplifiers has increased rapidly, and the commercialization of 5g will drive the global radio frequency low noise amplifier market.
By 2020, the acceleration will peak. According to Yoledevelopment, the global market for smartphone radio frequencies will reach $35.2 billion in 2023, with an annual compound growth rate of 14 per cent, of which the radio frequency switch market will reach $3.6 billion, and the low noise amplifier market will reach $1.8 billion.
At the same time, in the context of nationalization, companies will continue to enjoy the industry's high alpha dividend as the current a-share-frequency indicator. Following the trend of modularization, strategic layout filters and power amplifiers.
In order to increase, the area of rf and the available antenna space is shrinking, with a trend of saturation, with the front end of the radio frequency moving from a split device to an integrated module. The skyworks, qovro, etc., have all achieved full coverage of the production of various types of equipment at the front end of the radio frequency, with the subsequent roll-out of modular products.
R & D of the R & D filters and the R & D amplifiers, with 470 million of the 830 million funds raised for the saw filters and modules and 250 million for the power amplifiers and modules. The project is divided into two phases, one for the saw filters and the power amplifier product, and two for the start of the modules for both.
Now that the saw filter is in bulk, the company will in the future be providing integrated radio-frequency front-end chip modules that will significantly improve industrial chain integration and enhance the corporate technological capability in terms of comprehensiveness and solutions for profit predictions and investment proposals. Considering that the re-entry of the three stars will enable the company to measure prices up, China will be waiting for them.
Client order sales opened up new growth points, and performance forecasted high market expectations in the first half of the 1900s. We thought that public prices would rise well, adding higher alphas to the company ' s enjoyment of the industry as a rare object of radio frequency, giving companies a certain margin spill of risk that the project would not be as fast as expected, and that higher client dependency would affect the stability of the collection;
Assumption 1: Considering the resumption of new product imports by Samsung and the placing of orders by new customers such as domestic Chinese, oppo, vivo, it is expected that radio frequency switches and low noise amplifiers will grow at a high rate, with low noise amplifiers resulting in a significant decline in the sales base following the resumption of imports in 2019, owing to the strong individual restrictions on cmosltelna by three stars in 2018.
There will be a larger increase in volume. Thus, over the next three years, 70 per cent, 50 per cent, 40 per cent, and 80 per cent, 60 per cent, 40 per cent, respectively, of low noise amplifiers.
Interest rates will rise significantly, but it is anticipated that given the fact that the product has the characteristics of falling prices over the life cycle as a result of competition, it will remain high in the future, given that research and development and industrialization of devices such as saw filters, power amplifiers, etc. in corporate fund-raising projects will lead to an increase in patent authorized income and other types of business.
We have selected the company's semiconductor industry-related design firms as a reference for valuations.
State shares, an average of 61.1 times the value of the industry in 2019, taking into account that 5g resulted in a full increase in the volume of radio frequency devices, the superposition company made the industry alpha for the rare object of radio frequency, given a premium on the company ' s valuation, which was 65 times the value for 2019.
1) 5g commercialization process less than expected risk; 2) risk of price warfare for radio frequency products; 3) risk of the completion of the project and the pace of delivery less than expected;
4) The risk of higher client dependency affecting the stability of revenue collection (5) The risk of exchange rate fluctuations has not been, is not and will not be directly or indirectly compensated for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.