A record high, fully benefiting 5g and radio-frequency chips.
Bulletin: The company issued its semi-annual report for 2019, with operating income of $515 million in the first half of the year, an increase of 99.08 per cent in the same year, and net profit to mothers of $153 million, an increase of 119.52 per cent in the same year. In the second quarter of the year 2019, operating income of $334 million, an increase of 154.7 per cent in the same year, and net profit to mothers of $111 million, an increase in the same year.
▪ Development of new products has gone hand in hand with client outreach, with a record high performance: in the first half of 2019, the company registered an increase of 99.08 per cent in revenue on the same year and net profit on the same year on the mother, an increase of 119.52 per cent.
New products, including the new generation of high-performance low-noise amplifiers and radio-frequency filters, have been imported into downstream customers and are gradually starting to grow; 2) The company is actively reaching out to customers, and the product has entered China to optimize product layout and continuously improve profitability: the company ' s Māori rate in the second quarter of 2019
53.00 per cent, an increase of 2.41 percentage points in the same year, and a net interest rate of 33.07 per cent, a decrease of 1.15 percentage points in the same year. The main reason is that companies, on the one hand, upgrade existing products and optimize their cost and performance, and, on the other hand, introduce many new products, improve their structure, and push.
The company focused on R & D inputs in the first half of 2019,1 and " Shao Wei " (300.782): innovation driven to $50.851 million, an increase of 83.28 per cent in the same year, to strengthen the company ' s leadership and performance in the industry.
The mobile RF chip leader fully benefits from the benefit of replacing 5g and RF chip national production with sufficient long-term growth kinetic energy: the company's deep tilling of the front end of the radio frequency chip market, continuing breakthroughs in the field of radio frequency switches, radio frequency low noise amplifiers and radio frequency filters.
The company has accumulated high-quality customer resources, such as Samsung, Hwa, Mi, oppo, and vivo, and is expected to benefit fully from the growth in the volume of products delivered by its clients. As the replacement of 5g and radio-frequency chips progresses, the company’s long-term growth dynamics are sufficient.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board