We've got a high-speed growth in e-commerce and a smooth new client flow to the South-West Securities Research and Development Center.
• Summary of performance: the company achieved a revenue of $520 million in the first half of 2019, representing an increase of 99.1 per cent in the same year; the net return on the mother is $150 million, representing an increase of 119.5 per cent in the same year, and is at the upper limit of the performance forecast, with an overall Māori rate of 52.9 per cent. We believe that the high growth in the company ' s performance in the first half of the year was due to the introduction of new products and the introduction of new clients.
• New product roll-out: 1, radio frequency switches, company upgrades based on existing product lines, introduction of new multi-model products in combination with market and target client needs, especially sub-6ghz frequency bands, which are applicable to 5g communications standards, mobile communications conductors and antenna tuning columns that support multi-wave polymer applications
Products. The above-mentioned switch products have been imported and phased in by brand clients, leading to better performance growth. 2, Low Noise Amplifiers, the company has completed the technological development of a new generation of high-performance low-frequency radionoise products for silicon and has introduced a number of high-performance low-capacity mobile communication signals based on silicon processes.
Low-noise amplifier products, which cover the application needs of low-middle-high frequency bands, while companies continue to design upgrades to their original radio low-noise amplifier products to achieve further optimization of product performance and cost. New customer import: Three Stars resume import + China for certification.
In 19 years, Samsung has resumed the import of new items, and downstream demand has been boosted significantly.2 Through China, companies are providing supply chain management with a range of business qualifications, technological capabilities, product performance, R & D management and quality systems, cost competitiveness, delivery capacity, etc.
• Excellent cost regulation is high-mori level. Radio-frequency chips are being replaced faster by technological changes, and each generation of products will fall in sales unit prices as a result of increasing market competition, but companies are gross.
Interest rates have fallen far below the decline in unit prices for products, and the Māori rate has remained high at 53% in the first half of the year. Excellent corporate cost control is largely due to optimal design for differential competition + technology level + strong reserve + large-scale order advantage to build up upstream and downstream bargaining power.
Yuan, taking into account the fact that the company has brought radio-frequency chips to the order-loading space +5g mobile phone penetration rate up, 1. Quite well (300.782): performance is exceeding expectations, and the future industry’s upswing + nationalization replacement is accelerating triple profit, maintaining the “buy-in” rating.
2. Cheuk Shwe (300782); for the rare targets of radio frequency, the risk of less than expected completion of 5g projects; the risk of higher client dependency affecting the stability of revenue collection; and Noro ' s absence, absence, and absence of any direct or indirect compensation for specific recommendations or views in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.