Innovative Technology and Business Services Research Centre (CRIS)
The major driving force is the significant overperformance of the second quarter, the release of new products, the import of new customers, and the increase in share. The projected median net profit for the second quarter is $109.7 million, a 1627% increase over the first quarter. We believe that the main factor driving the significant growth in corporate performance in the second quarter is a significant increase.
There are: first, the volume of new products, the turner of the company's antenna, after several years of layout and market opening, and this year's rapid growth of orders, with both foreign and domestic customers achieving a much higher-than-expected growth, which has led to a marked acceleration in the importation of the three-star new item for the large clientele; and second, the import of new customers, which the company is doing this year.
Six months ago, a large customer was imported, and the demand for switch+lna+tunner was expected to exceed the domestic radio frequency switch tap, with a depth gain of US$ 150 million; the third was an increase in the company’s share of customers such as Samsung, Mi, vivo, Opo, etc.
The company's top client is Samsung, 661 million radio-frequency switches and 139 million in 2018, but the company's share of Samsung procurement is not high and is expected to be less than 15 per cent in 2018 (including switch, lina, taner), as well as lower purchases by other clients, overall.
Positive layout modelling products are expected to break through, opening up new growth space. Mobile phone radio front-end model products include: asm, fem, divfem, femid, paid, smbpa, mmmbpa, txmodule, rxmodule, pamid, lindivfem, and there are more product groups.
We know from industrial chain research that companies are expected to make a breakthrough in the national production model by cutting off their radio frequency (RF) products into the fraction group (switch+rxfilter). Model products are more demanding, and unit prices are many times higher than radio frequency (RF) switches, opening up new growth space.
The 5g cellular frequency has increased and the demand for radio frequency switches and tunter has increased significantly. The 5g cell phone needs to use more antennas, increasing from 4-6 to 6-10. At the same time, the reduction in antenna space has reduced antenna efficiency.
Makes it more efficient. Taken together, the demand for 5g mobile radio frequency switches and tunter will grow significantly, and companies are actively developing 5g-related products to foster new growth dynamics.
Luyangyang, we raised our net profit to $373 million in 2019, an increase of 37.9 per cent over the original $270 million.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment