WalluHingl (600426.sh): The industry is under pressure and the two bases are developing simultaneously.
Juluhingl published the annual report 2023: the company achieved business income of $27.260 billion throughout the year, and Juluhingl is a modern industrial enterprise with multi-occupational associations, with a major gold dividend of $6 (including taxes).
The company built clean coal, most of the main products went down prices, causing the company to fall in performance. In 2023, it suffered from demand contraction, supply gasification, synthesizing, and a “multiline” of flexible multi-productions.
So many industrial and technological platforms. Companies will accelerate structural adjustment, impact of shocks, expected weakening of triple pressures, downsides in the chemical industry, increased competition in the market, corporate ownership and optimization, and the upgrading of traditional production capacity.
For low-price shocks, the company’s earnings and profits have fallen on the same scale. On the income side, the company is actively developing a synthesizing gas downstream deep processing project with petrochemicals, while the major plates have increased their sales (new energy-related products, organamine, fertilizer, acetic acid).
Downstream industrial chains are integrated to build up high-end new material plates. The downside impacts, the above-mentioned plates are not growing faster than sales, new energy-related products, organamine, and, from the profit side, are adversely affected by the decline in products, with the company ' s combined Māori rate dropping by 8 percentage points on a year-on-year basis.
Two-base projects are being built in tandem to safeguard the company’s medium- and long-term development. The company relies on clean gasification technology, fully exploits the “one-way” model of a flexible, multi-producer, multi-product chain co-production, continuously improves the integrated use of resources, and relies on inherent advantages to sustain the extension and extension of the industrial chain.
At the same time, in line with its strategic orientation of “local high-end, off-site,” companies are constantly implementing new projects, upgrading old projects, and storing new energy, degradation plastics, etc., to extend the industrial chain, on the one hand, and, on the other, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other.
The company took advantage of the opportunity to set up a second base in the state of Jingzhou, and made every effort to build and open up the space for growth. In 2023, the company’s first base in Jingzhou completed its drive and operated effectively; the Texas headquarters also promoted new energy, new materials, high-end solvents, high-efficiency coal-fired boilers, and so on.
At present, the company bases in Jingzhou and Texas are continuing to move forward, and we expect that the successive implementation of the new projects that follow will contribute to the expected growth in performance, corporate profitability projections and investment ratings: the company will fully exploit the soft economy of the “one-line” cycle.
Accomplishments, increasing the efficiency of mitigation and increasing the profitability of companies through the successive future of new products.
WalluHingl (600426.sh): The industry is under pressure, the twin bases are being developed simultaneously to ensure medium- and long-term growth, the source of Eastern wealth, the source of Eastern wealth, the source of Eastern wisdom.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that Warluhingl (600426.sh): The industry is under pressure and the twin bases are being developed to ensure medium- and long-term growth.
10 years of research experience in the chemical industry. Has served in the Research Department of China-King Corporation. Many honours have been gained since joining the Eung Heung securities, including the 2017 Crystalball, the first three As second place in the chemical-rich industry.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice involved. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and the authors of the report, to the extent they know, are not legally prohibited from evaluating or recommending the securities or investment subject matter of this report.
If permitted by law, my company and the associated institutions to which it belongs may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.