The company disclosed a quarterly report on 24 April 2024, which generated $7,978 million in revenues in the quarter, an increase of 31.80 per cent in the same year, and a net return to the mother of $1,065 million, an increase of 36.30 per cent in the same year.
The Quarter State Base Project continued to contribute to the increase in production and sales, with a further increase in acetic acid, fertilizer and organamine rings. The Quarter Base Project increased production and sales by 37.38, 113.20, 1594 million tons of acetic acid, fertilizer and organamine, with a 42 per cent increase in ring prices.
1. “Walu Heungl Company Review: Industry runs under pressure and requires 15% and 13% of the capacity to digest, partly to compensate for the impact of the sharp fall in fertilizer and organochlorine prices, the realization of 54110,000 tonnes of new materials for sale, due to spring events and downstream
“Waluhingl Company Review: The State Base — A Time for Production, once again highlights the effects of public stock digestion, which is about 7.7 per cent below the sales ring, and the continued pressure on the profitability of products.” Productions such as pta have increased steadily during the first quarter due to the gradual recovery of the demand for textile clothing downstream.
“Walu Heungl Company Review: Continuous Improvement of Performance, New Base Contributions to Support Demand for Acetic Acetic Acetic Acids, Increased Demand for Acetic Acetics Exports, New Corporate Performance”, 2023.10.29
Acetic acid production is better digested: one quarter of urea demand is supported, new production is digested, leading to improved corporate revenue and profitability of basic coal-chemical products; more than one quarter of new energy materials are still in a state of full capacity, but downstream demand is gradually digesting stocks.
The pressure for further downswings in the profitability of the product has been significantly reduced. The price of coal has fallen in the first quarter, although the price of the product has fallen, but the price differential has also improved over microscopic clothing, contributing to a warming of the profit level in the public sector, with the corporate Māori rate of 21.89% in the first quarter, and the ring is four quarters.
The state base is relatively competitive in terms of its cost advantages, and the company is still further strengthening its cost advantages.
In the future, the company follows a series of planned herbic acids, monic acids, nylons 66 and bdo products.
The company’s profitability is expected to improve in a sustained manner as a result of continued capacity upgrading and project landing, the gradual warming of textile clothing as a whole, and the growth of new projects.
Risk of large fluctuations in prices of raw materials and products; competitive risks associated with the release of new production capacity.
Analysis of rates of related reports in the market