The first quarter of 2024 was a double gain, and the low-cost competitive strategy was not changed.
In the first quarter of 2024, $7.98 billion (+32 per cent year, ring + 1 per cent) was collected, resulting in a net profit of $1.07 billion (+36 per cent year, ring + 64 per cent) from the mother. The increase in income, net profit from the mother ' s return was mainly the result of a smooth drop in the state ' s first phase of the project and the increase in product sales during the quarter compared to the same period last year.
In the first quarter of 2024, s0980022024, sales of company-owned products increased by the same amount.
The production of organamines/acetic acids and derivatives was 102/113/16/370,000 tons, respectively (higher than the 52-week maximum/lowest price compared), mainly due to the self-use of some intermediate products.
The urea landscape remains warm and the prices of isocool, nylon 6, vinylamide and acetic acid have increased by the same amount. In the first quarter of 2024, some product landscapes were repaired, combined with price fluctuations in market demand and raw materials, while prices of urea, adipic acid and carbonate decreased by the same amount in the first quarter, while the prices of isocol, nylon6, nylon6
In the first quarter of 2024, the domestic market for urea as a whole was in shock, supply was loose, demand-side agriculture was in demand for sporadic fertilizer, export controls were tight, and nylon 6, vinylamide and acetic acid were all associated with the textile apparel industry, and demand for spinners increased steadily during the quarter.
Exports and domestic demand both increased, leading to higher prices for related products on a par. The price of raw materials at the end of coal has increased the price differential for the products of Auxiliary Companies.
Market supply and demand and crude oil prices have been influenced by the same price of raw coal and acetylene for purchases, the start-up of the Benzene Warouchin (600426.sh)-Jingzhou project, which is a growing company, and the same price increase. In response to the price weakness of some of the products, companies have played a flexible co-production and marketing role.
The Wallau Henlium (600426.sh) - 2023q3 performance and ring ratio increased, the Qingzhou project synergized, and the production and marketing structure was optimized in a timely manner.
Dutch production, with a balance of production and sales as a whole. The company has always maintained a low-cost competitive strategy, and continues to improve the performance of the Wallau Henglium (600426.sh) - 2023q2, with the addition of new projects taking advantage of cost, technology, marketing, management, etc., to ensure the profitability of the product.
Investment proposals: The company has a relatively strong cost advantage, new projects have increased their post-natal sales, and we maintain the company’s first quarter of 2024, where the net profit from the return to the mother has increased by two times compared to the ring. The company published the first quarter of 2024, which generated $7.98 billion in the first quarter of 2024 (+32 per cent compared to +1 per cent), and the net profit from the return to the mother of $1.07 billion (+36 per cent compared to 36 per cent compared to + the ring).
The Māori rate is 22% (+1.7 pt, ring +4.1 pt), and the net interest rate is 14% (+1.4 pt, ring + 5.4 pt). The main increase in income, net profit return is due to the successful delivery of the Qianzhou Phase I project, with a quarterly increase in sales compared to the same period last year.
Figure 1: Walluhein ' s single-quarter operating income (millions of dollars) Figure 2: Walluhein ' s single-quarter net profit from the mother (billions) Figure 3: Walluhein ' s quarterly Māori rate, net interest rate
Figure 4: Increased sales of company-owned products in the first quarter of 2024, resulting from new projects and technological expansion, increased sales of company-owned products in the first quarter of 2024, new energy materials/fertilizers/organics/acetic acids and derivatives
Tens of thousands of tons of new energy-related products (year-on-year + 24 per cent/+43 per cent/+13 per cent/+144 per cent).
Figure 7: Sales of H.I.O.I.O.D. (tonnes) Figure 8: Sales of H.I.A. and derivatives (tonnes)
urea, isocnol, nylon 6, adipic acid, perine amphetamine, acetic acid, carbonate dimethyl ester prices ranged from 1880 to 2380, partially remediated in the first quarter of the year, combined with fluctuations in market supply and demand and raw material prices, one quarter
The prices of adipic acids and carbonate dimethyl esters have been reduced by the same amount, while the prices of amocols, nylons, and acetic acids have been reduced by the same amount.
urea, same price rises. In the first quarter of 2024, the domestic market for urea as a whole suffered from shock, supply easing, demand-side agriculture with sporadic fertilizer demand, export controls, and subsequent attention to the climate created by the growing demand for staged agriculture.
The price of heknool is more expensive, the nylon 6, vinylamide, and acetic acid are all associated with the textile and clothing industry, with a steady increase in demand for a quarter's spin-off and an increase in export and domestic demand, leading to an increase in the price of the products. The price of coal on the raw material side of the company has increased the price difference between the products of the company. In the first quarter of 2024, the company's main raw materials, coal, benzene, benzene, benzene, benzene, etc.
In response to the weakness of the price of sub-products, companies have used flexible co-production and marketing synergies to optimize production structures in a timely manner, while the main products of the Texas Ministry and the Jianzhou base have been produced at full capacity, and the overall volume of production and sales has been balanced.
With a low-cost competitive strategy, cost, technology, marketing, management, etc., will continue to be used to ensure the profitability of the product. Figure 9: Prices and price differentials for acetic acid (RM/T) Figure 10: Prices and price differentials for antiquated ammonium (MB/T)
Figure 12: urea prices and price differentials (M/T) Author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoned judgement and conclusion, is independent, objective, impartial and free from any third party ' s approval or influence; authors have not studied it in the past, now or in the future