Performance is at the top of the line, looking at the cost advantage of the liabilities, building up net profits at the top of the year, and leading business income at the top. Corporate fundamentals are robust, have traditional advantages in the public domain, and the cost advantage of the liabilities is strong in the context of higher market interest rates.
▪ Performance is at the forefront of the line, looking at the cost advantage of the liabilities, net profit is at the top of the line, major business is at the top, construction is at the top of the line by 1.62 per cent a year, and growth is expected to be at the top of the line.
Business income performance was positive, with a 7.12 per cent increase in year-on-year revenue and a 1.23 percentage point increase over the previous three quarters (+5.89 per cent, yoy). Electronic banking income increased by 13 per cent over the year in terms of fees.
Contribution factors; revenue from treasury and agent fees increased by 3.87 per cent and 2.79 per cent, respectively, compared to the first half of the year (with excellent year-round deposit performance, end-of-liability cost advantages expected to continue)
Yearly deposits performed well, with 12.24% more at the end of the four seasons. Looking ahead, in 2021, we believe that the savings market is still highly competitive with expectations of higher interest rates on market-based funds. Construction is rich in public resources, wage payments, etc. are expected to continue to work. By comparison with industry, construction liabilities are settled.
The savings were higher in the building (80.1 per cent at the end of 2020), the expected liabilities in 2021 were more stringent, the adverse production rate slowed down in the fourth quarter, and the negative rate at the end of the fourth quarter was between 3 bp and 1.59 per cent compared to the end of the third season, mostly due to bad corporate perceptions.
In terms of forward-looking indicators, end-of-season loans of concern account for 2.99% of the comparable end-of-season level, but remain at the top of the line. Given the growth in demand for finance towards good and retail business in 2021, we are moving up the line.
The downside of the economy has led to a deterioration in the quality of assets and regulatory and regulatory expectations.
The construction bank publishes its annual report for 2020, with the parent ' s net profit equal to +1.62 per cent in 2020 (the previous three quarters - 8.66 per cent). Business income is the same as +7.12 per cent, net profits are at the forefront of the big business, and the main business is performing well.
This represents an increase of 7.12 per cent compared to the previous three quarters (+5.89 per cent, yoy) and an increase of 1.23 percentage points. Of this, net interest income and fees are not comparable throughout the year.
Convergence and marketing efforts of the Group, creation of a “think-tank” brand and faster growth in hosting; revenue from finance and agency fees increased by 3.87 per cent and 2.79 per cent, respectively, as compared with the first half of the year (0.99 per cent and 7.46 per cent respectively), and it is expected that the cost advantage on the end of the liability will continue due to the excellent performance of the epidemic on agency deposits throughout the year.
Despite the fact that the cost of deposits rose by 2 bp in 2020 compared to 2019, it benefited from the downside of the cost of market-based liabilities, which ranged from 3 bp to 1.73% below in 2019, and remained industry low at absolute levels. In terms of deposit performance, the construction bank performed excellently in 2020, with a 12.24% increase in savings at the end of the quarter.
In 2020, there was an increase of 16.99% in personal deposits and 1.89 percentage points in domestic deposits; in 2021, we thought that the savings market was still highly competitive with the expected increase in market-based interest rates.
Gold, which is expected to continue to grow faster. By comparison with industry, savings are higher in the construction end-of-debt structure (deprived deposits at the end of 2020 were more stringent, bad generation slowed down in the fourth quarter, bad rate rings at the end of the fourth quarter were 3 bp to 1.59% higher than at the end of the third quarter, and we believe that the main reason is that the company is more stringent.
Loans/non-performing loans that are more than 90 days overdue are 49 per cent, a decrease of 3 percentage points from the end of the two seasons. From forward-looking indicators, the company’s four-quarter risk is manageable. According to our calculations, the company’s annualized adverse production rate at the end of the four-quarters period was 0.77 per cent, followed by 7bp on the end of the four-quarters, and, in the end of the four-quarters period, it fell by 3.9 percentage points to 213.59 per cent from the end of the three-quarters, but it remains at the top of the row.
The growth rate of net profits has been at the forefront throughout the year, with the main business income performing well. The firm’s fundamentals are robust, having a cross-sectional advantage over the public domain, and the end-cost advantage of indebtedness is highlighted in the context of the upturn in market capital interest rates. Given the favourable financing demand in 2021 and the downside of retail operations, asset quality has deteriorated more than expected.
Monitoring economic development affects the operation of the real economy as well as the profitability of the economy, thus affecting the quality of the assets of the banking sector. If the economy falls short of expectations, there is a risk that the quality of the bank’s assets will deteriorate, thus affecting the bank’s profitability.
The policy will continue, but if interest rate regulation is either expected to over-market the concessionary policy, or will affect the bank’s profitability performance.