Construction Bank (601939): Annual Report 2020: Employable Financial Marks, with a clear edge on core liabilities Events: Construction Bank ' s operating income of $755.858 billion in 2020, an increase of 7.1 per cent over the previous year; affiliation to the Bank
The net profit of the shareholders is $271.050 billion, an increase of 1.6% over the previous year, corresponding to an eps of $1.06.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: Building banks as financial markers for inclusion, with the balance and growth of inclusive financial lending in 2020 being the first market, with a positive 1.6 per cent increase in profit growth throughout the year, with a high share of 30.0 per cent in equity returns and a significant boost to the expectations of high-value investors. However, strong efforts have been made to raise the expectations of high-value investors.
The lending of companies has also reduced capital adequacy at the core level of construction banks by 26bp to 13.62% on a year-on-year basis, but it is still in the lead among large banks. Looking forward to 2021, as the economy continues to recover, interest rates on loans have rebounded, net interest differentials on State-owned banks are expected to be stable, asset quality trends have improved, and current trends in asset quality are improving.
1 Asset end: The total asset size of the construction bank grew by 10.6 per cent in 2020, as a major state-owned bank, loans and bond investments were the main driving force behind the growth in scale, particularly in the area of inclusive finance. i) Total lending grew by 11.7 per cent a year, with a high increase of 20.1 per cent in corporate lending, and throughout the year.
The share of new loans was close to 80 per cent, and in the second half of the year the discount on bills was significantly reduced, doubling credit to $138,481 million. At the same time, retail credit with traditional advantages continued to grow significantly, with mortgage loans increasing by 17.0 per cent compared to larger banks, mainly individual clients, with a ratio of individual clients.
The share of current deposits has stabilized at 53.8 per cent, with 1.43 pct at the beginning of the period, without a significant increase as compared to the larger bank and head retail banks, mainly due to the long-term lead and already high proportion of bank-building demand deposits themselves, so that in the context of a “high-interest reserve” that is fully regulated, it can be achieved in a highly regulated environment.
Reversely, some of the incremental clients are driven by more attractive rates of return on deposits. Triannual reviews: asset quality pressure  net interest differential: 13bp below year-on-year ratio for new calibres, loans are expected to remain heavily priced and liabilities accrued
Annual reports adjusted the financial calibre by recategorizing credit card instalments to net interest income (previously recorded as fee income), which, while not affecting the substance of the operation, changed the net difference, interest-bearing assets, hand-on-hand quarterly ratings: assets of good quality
The same-calibre drop of 13bp, which is roughly the same as in the previous three quarters (when the financial calculus was not adjusted), and the net interest income increased by 7.2 per cent on the same calibre, with a relatively positive rate of increase. Specifically, the downfall of 29bp per year is roughly equivalent to a reduction of 30bp per year for the 1-year period of lpr, with a full annual rate of return.
This is judged to be the effect of the high pricing of stock loans.2 Individual loans at the end of the asset were significantly affected by the financial calculus adjustment, mainly because “credit card instalments” were accounted for as interest-bearing assets and the corresponding instalments were credited as interest income, resulting in higher net interest differentials.
The average balance of interest-bearing assets was increased by $40.59 billion under the new calibre, from credit card instalments, while interest income was added by $26.39 billion under the new calibre, which allowed for an estimated average return of about 6.5 per cent on credit card instalments over the average return on individual loans for the construction bank. Thus, this financial calculus adjustment would raise the net difference indicator, but at the same time it would decrease.
The net revenue from fees and commissions resulted in a lower share of intermediate operating income.3 The total cost of the end-of-the-year liabilities ranged from 3 bp to 1.73 per cent, down from 2 bp in the first half of the year, mainly because of the lower cost of corporate liabilities and bond issuance in the second half of the year. The core deposit rate was 1.59 per cent throughout the year, and remained a leader.
Compared to the advantage of large banks, which were up by 2bp in 2019, and up by 1bp in the first half of 2020, there has been a slowdown in the continued upward trend in the cost of deposits since 2018. As noted earlier, considering that the construction bank itself has an advantage in deposit end-of-life and cost ratios, the opportunities offered by a tight regulatory environment can be seized and the rate of return on deposits can be increased with a more attractive rate of return.
After looking to the city, we judge that the net interest differential for state-owned businesses is expected to be stable, and that it is expected to expand gradually in the second half of the year. While the net interest gap is expected to fall slightly after a major price increase, it is expected to fall, but in an environment of sustained economic recovery and inadequate access to credit, that is new.
In general, we suggest that there should be reasonable optimism about the trend of commercial banks’ net interest differentials. ▪ Non-interest income: a 6.8% increase in the same calibre throughout the year, and an increase in transaction costs in the wealth management category.
1 The wealth management category benefited from the boom in equity markets and the deepening of fiscal transitions, which were the general growth points for wealth management banks in 2020. The cost of building banking agents increased by 2.8 per cent, driven mainly by marketing funds; 3.9 per cent in property management operations, driven mainly by a smooth transition in financial management operations.
The balance of assets reached 2.22 trillion, an increase of 3.7% over the same year, of which the balance of capital savings in the table has been largely eliminated, leaving only two bank card charges and credit commitment revenue at the end of the year, which have been hit by the epidemic. However, the increase in revenue from e-banking has been 13.0%, thanks to a steady increase in online operating advantages and a gradual increase in network payments transactions.
In non-interest income other than fees, some subsidiary insurance operations grew at a faster scale, generating 37.1 per cent more revenue from insurance operations than in the previous year, in addition to a 5.4 per cent decline in investment returns from the same year, mainly as a result of an increase in the size of structural deposits and a reduction in the size of external investments. Fair value gains and losses recovered significantly in the fourth quarter, benefiting from a rebound in the valuation of debt market fluctuations.
▪ At the end of the expenditure spectrum: the cost-earning ratio has been at a new low in recent years, with asset impairments in four quarters driving a positive profit increase. The construction bank’s full-year cost-earning ratio was 25.12%, with a marked decrease of 1.41 pct, the company’s current year’s cost enhancement refinement and management, while benefiting from the policy of phased social protection relief in the event of an epidemic, and the employee’s cost expenditure has fallen on the same basis.
At the end of 2020, the rate of non-performing loans was 1.56%, followed by 3bp in three quarters, with three consecutive quarters of “double-litres.”
The impact of the epidemic is mainly reflected in the fact that banks have traditionally been very strict in their determinations, with overdue loans having been fully integrated into the wrong caliber since 2017, leading their counterparts. By the end of 2020, the ratio of overdue loans was 1.09%, 6bp below the same level, but the ratio of loan-of-interest groups was up by 2pb to 2.95%, and the year-round “double-up” was expected to be affected by the intensive lending, but it was not.
With four quarters of credit impairment being narrow,2 we suggest a reasonable optimism about the asset quality of large banks. The current economic growth base is still weak, and the quality of assets still needs attention as a major entity and small state-owned bank that invests large amounts of credit resources.
Quality indicators are more robust than ever, and the negative new generation of pressures has been reduced from the trend without undue worry.
The annualized rate of net creation of non-performing loans = (net increase in non-performing loans + write-off provisions)