On the 28th of February, 2020, a steady development, the epidemic drives more branding and power.
The company ' s annual income and net return profits increased by 20.38 per cent and 25.85 per cent, respectively, in 2019.
Mother-to-child net profits coincide with income trends, subject to a certain exchange rate and interest income, with a small quarterly wave movement. Companies form the main sections of lifelines, vd lines, and video lines, supporting the development of mirror blocks, multi-products, multi-channel expansion, and guaranteeing strong performance support and risk resistance in different years.
Over the next three years, businesses are expected to maintain a steady 20% annual growth rate. The impact of the epidemic, the surge in demand for medical equipment, the rapid response, and the strength of the country’s production poles.
Lifeline plates: Increased demand for equipment such as monitors, respirators, injection pumps, etc. The company delivered more than 1,800 and 1,200 medical devices to the Mt. Fire and Mt.
The effect is that the release of the demand is delayed. Image plate: The mobile dr is preferred to avoid the movement of patients.
In the short term, despite the reduced number of outpatients and the impact of regular bidding procurement, the projected increase in the provision of medical facilities for disease-resistant needs is higher than the reduction, which has a positive impact on the performance of the quarter. In the long run, the epidemic has dissipated.
"Study by the National Dollar Securities Corporation -- Merri Medical Care (300,760) 2019h1 Normal health needs will return, health systems will be built or expected to be strengthened, and the company will be quick to assess: three panels will perform well, platform-based advantages will be highlighted."
In response to high-quality, high-productivity equipment, technology, services, brand image, and strong leadership, Murray’s medical care, as the largest share of medical equipment, continues to be platformed, high-end, globalized, affected by the epidemic, is expected to continue to expand demand, and brands and technology are strengthened during the epidemic.
High-end activity continues, innovation is expected to be rolled out, and there is greater certainty about robust growth. According to common inspiration, research and development for new products has not progressed as expected; policy implementation has fallen short of expectations; exchange rate volatility risks; and product prices
The report is presented independently and objectively, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association. The data used in my commitment report are based on compliance channels, the logic of analysis is based on the professional integrity and professional competence of the author, and the report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and adopts it.
A reasonable judgement concludes that the findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party. A description of the securities investment consultancy business, according to the Certificate of Operating Securities (z23834,000) issued by the CSRC, GSM is qualified for securities investment consultancy operations approved by the CSRC.
The securities investment advisory business refers to the conduct of the institution that acquires the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and its consultants in providing securities investors or customers with relevant information, analysis, forecasting and publication of portfolio investments to the customer.