Murray Medical (300.760.sz)
On 27 February, the company released its 2019 fast-track performance report: operating revenue of $16.65 billion over the period, an increase of $20.38 per cent over the same period; and annual eps of $3.84.
Medical: 3-quarter performances of more than q1 billion, largely non-seasonal performance, with better stability, and almost equal in the first half of the year. Corporate performance continues to grow, drops, and the equipment flagship is worth sustaining.
Mary's leading position in the field of domestic medical equipment is well known, with the first three quarters of 2019 accounting for 15% of the entire industry.
The annual report of the Medicines Corporation provides an annual review of the Merrillians; R & D costs 22.0 per cent, R & D investment more than $1 billion a year, and innovative R & D is being used to strengthen the moat.
The three main lines of activity are expected to accelerate growth in 2020.
"Mary Medical." "Mary Medical." "Mary Medical."
A good track, a real industry leader, influences the demand for life information and support devices, such as monitors, respirators, fogizers, injection pumps, defibrillators, etc., which rises further each year. In addition, demand for medical video product lines to move dr is also on the rise.
In addition to accelerating the innovation of existing products, the research and development innovation is based on the need to accelerate the innovation of existing products.
It also focuses on emerging areas of medical equipment, such as micro-surgery, which have been invested in endoscopic surgical devices and hard mirror systems, with some accumulation of technology that will foster their development as a new business growth point; companies have gradually moved from learning, digesting and absorbing innovation to an autonomous innovation phase, especially in ultrasound images.
With the world's leading technology in leading the world, performance projections and investment ratings, affected by public health emergencies, demand for some of the company's product lines has increased, and we're moving up to 2020.
Exchange gain/loss risk; product sales below expectations; industry competition risk.
The author has the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes without any third party.