In 2019, the company achieved $16.556 billion in operating income, compared to the previous year.
20.38 per cent growth over the period; net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies of RMB 4,681 million, representing an operating income of RMB 4,177 million compared to the previous year q4 companies in 2019, an increase of 20.24 per cent over the same period in the previous year; net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies of RMB 1,009 million, an increase of 22.72 per cent over the same period in the previous year.
In the event of the epidemic, the demand is expected to be positive for the company’s q1 performance in 2020. As a core supplier of domestically produced medical devices, the company is going to 1.
The Mt. Fire and Mt. Thor, respectively, delivered over 1,800 and 1,200 medical equipment, including, inter alia, pagers, monitors, defibrillators, injection pumps, in vitro diagnostic equipment.
There are ongoing/renovated hospitals, and the subsequent sale of the life information series is expected to continue to increase.
We estimate that the number of company blood cell diagnostic orders during the epidemic has increased significantly over the same period last year, but that some of the demand for other vd products has been curtailed by a reduction in regular clinics.
Middle-moved dr and portable ultrasound have increased their purchases during the epidemic, but their impact on overall performance has been limited by the fact that the product in question accounts for a relatively small share of the company’s total revenues. Overall, we believe that the healthy growth of the epidemic for the company is in line with expectations.
q1 sales are more positive than negative, and q1 domestic sales are expected to accelerate. We believe that the strengthening of the public health system following the epidemic is a necessary trend, with companies leading the country as a result of the downgrading of diagnostics, upgrading of hospital equipment, construction of intensive medicine, etc.
The balance of quality and value for money between its core products, such as vital information products, in vitro diagnostic products, medical imaging products, etc., is expected to highlight the advantages of this round of demand escalation, and it is expected that the market share of core products will continue to rise steadily. Companies are expected to continue to enjoy an alternative dividend to national production, with robust growth in the future.
Industrial policy changes: Sino-American trade friction-related risks: exchange rate fluctuations risk: dealer model risk Analysis of relevant report rating ratios in the market, then averaged final rating for average market investment