Merrill's 2019 Quick Report on Medical Performance.
1) Life information and support plate: n series of high-end monitors are growing rapidly, sales are nearly doubling, and the advantages accumulated in marketing channels have led to higher growth in tremors, anesthesia, breathing, etc., we expect 2019 2) in vitro diagnostic plate: chemical luminous products are growing at a high rate, and we expect new loads nationwide.
Nearly 2,000 new global installed machines, close to 3,000, are expected to generate more than 70 per cent of their annual income in 2019, and are expected to remain above 50 per cent in the coming years: five-class blood cells, high-speed biochemistry have also increased the current rate, and (3) medical video plates: ultrasound benefits from re-products and we achieve a much higher rate of growth than industry.
4) In addition, the company has been active in the development of micro-surgery operations, which currently include surgical cavity camera systems, cold light sources, gas abdominal machines, optical endoscopic mirrors, micro-surgery devices, and surgical consumables, which are expected to be new bright spots for future development. Cost containment is strong, and performance growth in the fourth quarter is still higher than income growth.
\triangleright, in terms of operating income in the fourth quarter, we expect more than 20% of the same-year growth in the in vitro diagnostic operations, and in terms of profits in the fourth quarter, the same-year increase in performance is still higher than the same-year increase in income, reflecting public equity.
The Division has strengthened its internal management and further improved its operational efficiency; on the other hand, its performance has increased at a lower rate than in the previous three quarters and in the fourth quarter, mainly as a result of exchange rate movements and reduced interest rates.
According to the Xinhua Network, in response to the outbreak of the Wuhan new coronary virus, the company called back dozens of people at a young age and started small-scale production on 26 January.
As at 17 February, the Murray Medical Production had delivered more than 35,000 medical equipment, including more than 3,000 critical equipment delivered to the Wuhan Fire Mountain and the Mt. Thunder Mountain Hospital. The impact of the epidemic on short-term performance: 1) Life information and support: product demand as the epidemic erupted.
1. The three-quarter reporting point of Méri Medical (30760) 2019 saw a doubling of the increase over the previous period, with the national demand for respirators being six times higher than in the previous period; this led to a significant increase in sales of products, such as suction machines, monitors, injection pumps and so on, which are expected to be driven by the demand for intensive care and treatment.
(ii) In vitro diagnosis: we expect good growth in blood cell products, and the increase in detection demand due to the epidemic is expected to offset some of the decline in demand for regular clinics.
M.M.I.M. (300,760): Life information and support.
In the long run, the outbreak is expected to contribute to the construction of hospitals focusing on infectious diseases, severe diseases, breathing, etc., and deepen the knowledge of strategic clients about corporate product and organizational capabilities, and further show the company's overall leadership.
In the medium and long term, products such as high-end guardianships, chemical light and waterlines, high-end images, etc. have a high yield price of 64, 53 and 44 times the price. Reference is made to the estimated value of the ATM/LKB/Opkang/Ed BIO by an average of 54 times in 2020 in the field of medical devices and correspondingly in the leading market in its breakdown.
In combination with the firm's absolute leadership in the field of medical equipment and the potential benefits of the epidemic for performance, industry policy risks, product R & D risks, price risk decline, trade friction risks in Central America, exchange rate fluctuations Tan Zimei, Research Assistant, Bachelor of Arts, University of South Central, University of Bristol, United Kingdom, one year of experience in medicine and industry, joined the civil securities in May 2019.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and free from any third party ' s approval or influence.