Focus on iC design, acquisition of Linxens for enhanced smart security chip leadership — UV country's first-time coverage report — leading national integrated ic design firm, first-time coverage, rating “very recommended”
MicroFocusic Design Operations in the Purple Nation, which mainly include integrated circuits and crystals, include: smart and safe chips, special integrated circuits, storage of chip semiconductor power devices, fpga. We believe that with the rapid growth of the Internet, cloud computing, and 5g, it is self-sustaining in the country.
In the larger context of the generation, corporate smart security chip operations, fpga operations, and special integrated circuit operations are expected to develop opportunities. The company is expected to return to its parent net profit in 2019-2021 (without taking into account the merger linxens), which corresponds to 66/52/40 times for the first time, with a “strongly recommended” rating.
..downstream demand is good, smart security chips, special integrated circuits and fpga markets are promising, and the security demand for information and connectivity for everything will drive the growth of smart security chips, which, according to gsma information, will reach $1.1 trillion by 2025, benefiting from national production.
The development of interconnectivity between generations and futures, the emergence of a national smart security chip, and the apparent low share of China's investment in equipment informatics, the potentially large market space for growth, the benefits of the trend towards info-equipment, and the company's special integrated circuits, compared to the United States, where the cost of information technology as a percentage of equipment costs is clearly low.
The outlook is wide; fpga is widely used because of its high flexibility, short development cycles, high probabilities of parallel computing efficiency. As cloud computing, physical networking and 5g develop, fpga is expected to usher in a new round of development, with the global market fpga forecast for the next six years.
The global fpga market will grow at an average annual rate of 8.4 per cent, and in 2022 it will reach $11.81 billion.
Source. Linxens, one of the world's largest smart security chip component manufacturers, has a strong synergy with the company's smart security chip business, and once the deal is complete, the company will complete a more complete smart security chip industry chain and further strengthen its leading position in the area of smart security chip.
In the case of fpga, where the strategic layout of the company has become a domestic fpga leader for many years, it has benefited from the replacement of national production and the space for growth.
The country's leading integrated design firm, 1.1, the company's history, was formerly a crystalline electronic (002049) listed in 2005 in a deep-seated mid-point, parent company, Tang Shanjing.
Founded in 2001 in Tangshan, Hebei, the company was the leading supplier of pressurized crystal-crystal units in the country. In 2010, the company acquired 25 per cent of the share in crystal-source electronics through a stock exchange, making it the first major shareholder in the Department. In 2012, it acquired a limited amount of Beijing-based microelectronics by issuing shares.
In December of the same year, the company issued a share in the acquisition of Shenzhen City Emblem Electronics Ltd., a special integrated circuit area. In 2013, the subsidiary Shenzhen City State Emblem Electronics Year, the company changed its name to Purple Light National Hedge Limited, and the securities are called Purple Hint, 2018.
The Division was renamed "Utility Pulse Microelectronics Co. Ltd." and the securities were renamed "Utility Micro."
The company has completed the transformation of its main business through continuous endogenous development and extended M & As, which are currently deployed in five main areas, namely, smart safety chips, storage chips, special integrated circuits, fpga and semiconductor power units, based on the 2018 financial statements, smart security chips, storage chips, special cases.
On 12 October 2018, the company's board of directors transferred storage operations to indirect control for $220 million through a proposal to strip away the company's memory chip business.
The purpose of the fully-owned subsidiary of the Utility Group Ltd., Beijing Purple Storage Technology Ltd., is to reduce pressure on listed companies to invest funds and improve their financial position and profitability. After that, the company’s operations will be more concentrated in the area of smart security chips, which are expected to become industry poles for smart security chips.
Smart security chips, memory chips and special integrated circuits account for the vast majority of the revenues of 1.3, the Ultraviolet Group core chip design firm, which as of May 31st, 2019, the first shareholder of the Purple emblem was the Tibet Purple Springs Investment Company Ltd.
The final beneficiaries of the holding of 36.39 per cent of the company ' s shares in circulation are the Korean Army (2 per cent) and the Co-Spoof (1.99 per cent). The controlling shareholder, Tsinghua Holdings Ltd. and the Beijing Kenkwan Investment Group Ltd.
The stock structure of Violet State MicroGovernance Ltd. has steadily increased its operating income and net profits improved in 2018. In 2014-2018, corporate revenues increased rapidly. Business intelligence security chips, special integrated circuits and storage operations all grew.
The net return to the mother is $348 million, an increase of 24.33 per cent over 2017, which falls short of the growth in operating income, owing mainly to a 3.7 percentage point decrease in the rate of Maori for the smart security chip of the company ' s main product, and a significant increase in the cost of corporate management. The larger increase in management costs is due to higher cost-effective R & D expenditure during the reporting period.
Businesses have grown steadily, and storage operations have continued to rise. In 2018, corporate smart security chips, storage chip and special integrated circuit operations achieved business revenues of $10.36, 645 million and 616 million, respectively, equal to 27 per cent, 93 per cent and 19 per cent, while products that are largely mature have been widely recognized by users during the reporting period.
Of these, the company’s special dynamic memory products, high performance and new-generation fpga products, and second-generation Sopc platform products have all started to move into bulk applications. The company’s dram memory chip and memory module have evolved into a complete product series, with a steady increase in output on servers, pc, top case, television, etc.
Māori rates and net interest rates continue to fall, and are expected to recover once the chip business is transferred. Corporate Māori rates and net interest rates have declined considerably over the past few years, mainly in the case of smart card chips and lower Māori rates.
For controlling shareholders, the transfer is expected to lead to a significant improvement in corporate gross smoothing, owing to a decrease in corporate profitability, a positive contribution of equity multipliers and asset turnover, as well as an improvement in corporate equity multipliers and asset turnover, as a result of the storage chip operation of only 7.62 per cent.
Security chips, special integrated circuit chips, and fpga markets are promising. 2.1, National Substitution + Material Networks are breaking out, and the safety chip is leading to important developments. Smart cards are widely used and market demand is high. Smart cards are also called "iccards" and they are embedded in integrated circuit chips.
To the plastic sheet, and then to encrypt the card for data storage, transmission, processing, etc. The current application of the ic card is extensive, with a wide range of applications in the areas of finance, communications, social security, identity cards, security documents, transport, transportation, medical treatment, etc. In recent years, the ic card has become more and more subject to storage because it is easy to carry.
In the case of bank cards, for example, according to the Chinese Banking Federation ' s report on the development of the Chinese banking industry (2019), the size of the bank cards and the processing of the cards has expanded further, with the worldwide circulation of more than 7.59 billion cards cumulatively, and the number of cards distributed worldwide and the number of cards distributed globally is the number one.
The core of the card is chip design and manufacture. The industry upstream of the card consists mainly of chip design and manufacture, plastic materials, structural materials, etc., with chip design and manufacture being the most central links, downstream mainly for the application industry and sectors, including banking, government, telecommunications, transport, security documentation, education, etc.
The banking system’s security is not only about financial stability and the country’s economic security, but also about socio-political stability. The banking system and the security infrastructure of our country are also now widely applied to foreign products, core systems and security bases.
The facility uses a wide range of foreign algorithms such as 3des, rsa, there are unsafe and explicit cryptographic systems, low-level indentation algorithms, security gaps in protocol design, and in order to ensure the security of economic system passwords, the National Password Management Service issued a Circular on Good PKN upgrades in 2011, requiring banks to issue cards,
At the end of 2019, financial institutions in the banking sector must have a 75% IT security control rate. At present, major banking state secret algorithms have been upgraded and largely upgraded, and a full-scale switch to a national bank card security chip has begun.
Emv migrates to build a new growth point for the domestic financial card chip. The Emv standard is a technical standard for the transfer of bank cards from magnetic to smart ic cards, based on the ic card, which is co-sponsored by three major international banking organizations.
Financial payment standards. The emv migration is based on the emv2000 standard, and the upgrade of the bank magnetic card to the chip card technology is carried out at various points, such as issuing cards, business processes, security controls, receiving markets, information relays, etc., i.e. replacing the current bank card using the magnetic bar with the card using the ic card.
As the global emv process continues, and as non-contact cards are introduced and widely available in an increasing number of areas, the volume of financial ic cards will remain high over the next few years. The third generation of social security cards will be released, and the national production smart security chip will take on a new stage of development.
China's Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security issued a social security card in 2017. Compared to the second generation, the third generation of social security cards has been upgraded in terms of technology and safety. First, using a two-faced communication system, the touch-to-touch approach has been upgraded from a single to a contact + non-toucher approach, increasing the ease of application; second, the chip has been calculated using the sm4 national production password.
Finally, non-contact quick payments should be supported by financial regulation of pboc 3.0. The third generation of social security cards is now gradually beginning to be replaced, with peak periods expected for the next two years.
Beneficiary networking has erupted, and the smart security chip on the Internet is an important development opportunity. iot will create a vast market that is much larger than existing communication networks and the Internet. American research institutions predict that the value of the Internet will be 30 times greater in industry than the Internet, and will be the next trillion dollar in information industry.
The gsma think tank believes that the GFC market (including connectivity, applications, platforms and services) will reach US$ 1.1 trillion by 2025, of which commercial applications occupy half of the entire networked market; the gsma think tank also expects to grow 4.7 times the number of industrial connections from 2017 to 2025, reaching 13.8 billion.
There will be 1.8 billion consumer connection links around the world every year. The need for security for information and connectivity will greatly boost the growth of smart security chips, which will be a huge market space in the future and will be an important development for the domestic intelligent security chip industry.
The potential market space for the Internet is huge, the number of new Internet connections is growing year by year 2.2, the beneficial equipment is computerized, and the market for special integrated circuit chips is vast.
Special integrated circuit chips are the cornerstone of modern equipment, and one of the central factors influencing the performance of information-based equipment. The information-based equipment is also assembled from one component, the core element of which is the chip, the chip that corresponds to the equipment’s brain, which directly influences the performance and development of the equipment.
Equipment informs the future. Equipment informs refers to the construction of equipment into information-based equipment using technical means such as digitization, digitization, intelligence, networking, automation. For example, equipment such as aerospace is computerizedized, computer and information technology modules are added to the equipment, making mechanized equipment condensed.
With its own eyes and brain, China’s military spending continues to increase (in billions of yuan) and China’s information-based construction is still in its early stages, and the market for special integrated national circuit chips is promising.
The relatively late development of information technology and the relative backwardness of technology, as well as the regulation of advanced electronic circuit products in the dry sector, have made it possible for the country to rely on a domestic chip manufacturer for autonomous research and development, which has been slow to inform, so that domestic equipment intelification is still in its infancy.
China has a significantly lower share of investments in dry information construction and a large market outlook. 2.3, cloud computing, object networking and 5g holding, fpga can be highly superior to 2.3.1 and fpga performance, with a wide range of applications.
fpga is a hardware-reconstructable system structure called the Field-Programmable Gate Array, which refers to all software-based modifications, configurations of internal device-connected structures and logical units, and the completion of a digital set of design functions. The fpga internal structure consists of three parts: configurable logic module, output input module, and internal connection.
. Because the logical module and the internal connection are self-configurable, the user can go directly on the fpga custom function. dch
ioe skam clb
clb clb clb
Clb saam fpga is flexible, development cycles are short, and parallel calculations are efficient.
The lack of custom circuits overcomes the limited number of circuits in the original programmable device doors, which are now widely used in all sectors. In the military-industrial field, fpga is widely used in military equipment such as navigational systems, satellites, radars, and electronic warfare weapons because of its good performance, high reliability and cost advantages.
(i) High programming flexibility. fpga is semi-custody circuits, and theoretically, if fpga provides a doorway large enough to achieve the logical function of arbitrary asic and dsp. (2) Development cycles are short. Asic manufacturing processes include several steps such as logical realization, cabling and drifting.
Fpga does not have to wiring, masking, customizing fluids, etc., and the chip development process is simplified. On average, the time taken to develop a design using fpga is 55% less than the traditional asic and soc design cycles. (3) Parallel calculation is efficient. The traditional asic, dsp and even cpu are serial calculations.
Capable of processing a command set, while fpga is a parallel calculation and can execute multiple commands at once. The design process for fpga is significantly reduced asic compared to asic
Fpga funactionalspec.hdl
I don't know what you're talking about, fungalspec.
I'm sorry, synthesis hdl statetimeming
♪ Behavioral presentation diffinference ♪
I'm sorry, equivalency synthesis floorplanning.
Hand-off tofoundry: wait1-3months
Place and rooting place and roote
It's not like we're going to have to do this.
It's not like we're going to be able to do this, either.
Power has been a pain in the data centre, the cloud age.
This brings greater flexibility and lower costs to the enterprise, but large-scale data processing, storage, and interconnection put a lot of pressure on cloud computing firms. Traditional cpu and gpu are von Neuman structures, i.e. command translation execution, sharing memory.
This is a huge challenge to hardware numeracy. fpga can solve this problem, with high performance, hardware programming, very flexible features, cpu+fpga's isomer model, while preserving the hardware identity of the data centre.
It is also capable of achieving software definitions. Intel predicts that one third of the data are expected to be in fpga technology by 2020. One third of the cloud computing is expected to be in fpga+cpu by 2020.
The global iaas market continues to grow robustly, providing solutions for low-cost, small-sized, low-capacity network applications. Because of the advantages of parallel computing, variable hardware structures, and variable operations, fpga is calculated in high performance, multichannels, etc.
Areas can be used as a direct substitute for parts of the asic and dsp, for example, in the area of security surveillance, where fpga has significantly increased its processing efficiency as a result of its parallel approach, and in the area of industrial intelligence, where fpga can simultaneously control large numbers of motor operations and reduce the traditional use of large asic controls to simplify processes and improve efficiency;
In the field of smart households, the fpga works well in parallel. As the Internet market develops, we will face the challenges of a large number of smart, unique Internet devices, including energy efficiency, compatibility between different interfaces, and compatibility of new processors, and currently the fpga can respond well to these challenges, which can be said to provide.
An ideal solution for networking low-cost, small-sized, low-capacity objects. fpga has significantly increased hardware acceleration unit power performance. 5g, fpga has much to offer. Because of fpga's unique performance characteristics, fpga will be at the 5g base station.
First of all, the advent of the 5g era will make the connection between equipment and equipment more demand-blowing, new applications will emerge, and more and more applications will require the designation of more flexible front-to-end connections to allow for different mappings between the straps and the front end of the rf, with fpga meeting such requirements; second,
Hardware acceleration fpga achieves all the computing-intensive functions that are not available on base soc; and, third, highly programmable solutions can accelerate R & D and product listing, mitigating the early 5g deployment, accelerating the separation structure of the 5g listing time.
In recent years, the global market for fpga has been roughly US$ 7-8 billion, with downstream markets predominantly military, traditional communications, aerospace, etc., cloud computing, material networking, etc. emerging markets are still being nurtured. GlobalMarketsintinsight predicts that the global market for fpga will grow at an average annual rate of 8.4% over the next six years, 2022.
The global market space for fpga will reach $11.11 billion. The global market for fpga is vast, growing steadily from year to year, autonomously manageable demand will add market dividends, and domestic fpga manufacturers are expected to open up new opportunities.
The fpga market has long been monopolized by foreign giants. The fpga product walls are so high that only a few companies around the world are capable of producing fpga, and the fpga market has been xilinx (Celings), altera (Altra), lattice (Ledice), microsemi for years.
Four American giants monopolized, of which two companies, Cylinth and Altra alone, accounted for nearly 90 per cent of the market, and most of the world's Fpga professionals and patents were concentrated among the former leading manufacturers, adding that fpga development required advanced manufacturing processes, software development was difficult and patent barriers were high for back-entryers.
The market share of the world ' s major fpga firms in 2017 and the distribution of the global fpga downstream application markets in 2017 is very difficult to overtake in a short period of time.
Autonomously controlled demand adds market dividends, and domestic fpga manufacturers are expected to meet new opportunities. Autonomy of the chip is the lowest level of security for information security, and China needs to achieve the fpga ' s autonomous design and production as soon as possible. The accumulation of technology and the investment of resources over the past few years have enabled the country to achieve the minimum level of security for information security.
Inner fpga has achieved partial self-supply in specific areas, and now promoting integrated circuit development has become a national development strategy, and the need for future self-control will only grow stronger. In the field of physical networking, cloud computing, the domestic market is the most demand for fpga, and in the future, domestic demand for fpga as the network and cloud computing penetrates.
The development dividend of China’s fpga is that domestic market demand is large enough and rapidly increasing, and this is the best opportunity for domestic fpga to overturn. China has now emerged a group of fpga design companies, including national microelectronics (a subsidiary of the UV flag), Xian Jido microelectronics,
High cloud semiconductors, reciprocal microelectronics, aerotechnics, etc., and with the growing demand for autonomous control and the development of emerging markets such as physical networking and cloud computing, domestic fpga manufacturers will come to a new round of development opportunities in the future.3 The three core business lines are opening up opportunities for firms to grow rapidly in the future.
Intra- and extraneous two-wheel drive, smart security chip business is about to begin a new round of development, with 3.1.1, a steady increase in traditional product markets, emerging market surges, and the emergence of smart security chip product development platforms. Smart security chips are mainly responsible for Beijing-based microelectronics.
The corporate smart security chip now covers two areas: smart card security chip and smart terminal security chip. Smart card security chip includes contact cpu card chip and two interface cpu card chip, while smart terminal security chip includes readers chip, usb-key chip and mpos chip.
The smart security chip business has grown steadily. In 2018, the company’s smart security chip product performed brightly, generating an operating income of $1,036 million, an increase of 27.43 per cent. Corporate smart security chip business has grown steadily over the past few years, with a certain decline in product sales and profit contributions only in 2016, as a result of increased market competition.
At present, the company’s products from a number of advanced processes are yielding volumes, and the radio frequency technology, security algorithms, and anti-attack technology of the safety chip are all further upgraded and consolidated. Smart security chip revenues are growing year by year.
The rate of Māori for smart chips is on the decline, traditional product markets are growing steadily and promising. Traditional markets such as sim cards, identification safety products, and financial payments, have grown steadily. Sim card chips, for the benefit of 4g migration in Latin America and Africa.
Card pulls and the global market for simka is rising steadily, especially with regard to high-end cards still having some room for upwards; in terms of personal identification of safety products, second-generation residential identity card chips are growing steadily, and traffic cards and electronics are breaking up, becoming important future growth points; and in terms of financial payment of safe products, the national bank ' s ic card chip opened in 2018.
The full replacement of imported chips, with advanced technological techniques and excellent performances, is expected to result in all of the company ' s products entering banks in the six major countries, which are expected to be replaced by the beneficiary countries, as well as to become a new growth point in the bank chip market as Visa and Mastercard enter China.
By virtue of its strong research and development capabilities and brand advantage, in 2018, the company began to focus on energy network safety chips, and has now introduced multi-purpose, safety-based, product-networked solutions, with strategic collaboration with a number of well-known firms. Companies have acquired medium-moveables.
3.1.2. Acquisition of Linxens, expansion of the industrial chain up and down, and acquisition of 18 billion dollars of Linxens. The company issued an announcement on 2 June 2019, whereby the company intends to issue shares.
The way to invest 18 billion dollars in UVG, UVC, UVC, Red Maple capital and thallium is to buy 100 percent of UVLA equity at a price increase of $35.51/share, and UVC is a stock-holding company holding 100 percent of linxens equity.
The UVG stock structure UV holds 100% equity in linxens, the world's largest firm of smart security chip components. The linxens main business is to design and produce smart security.
Chip microconnectors, rfid mounds, antennas, and ultra-light-soft led lamps are one of the largest producers of smart safety chip components worldwide. Linxens’ main clients cover such areas as telecommunications, transport, hotels, financial services, e-government, and material networking, with products leading the world in the intelligent safety chip component industry.
In addition, Linxens provides a high quality rifid mosaic for electronic document identification in the context of electronic passports and electronic identity cards.
Simcards, bank cards, traffic cards, etc. Exposure, non-contact and dual-interface smartcard producers, chip products, telecommunications, traffic, alcohol, microconnectors.
Smart and safe chips for connectors, producers and modular production stores, financial services, e-government and smart card producers, chips for public transport, non-contact payments,
Scenes of rfid mounds and antennas of rfid maximums and antennas of producers and module producers of forbidden controls and identification
Integrating industrial chains up and down, and enhancing the competitiveness of smart and safe products. The main business in the violet country is the smart and all-chip business, and the labeled company, the linxens main smart security chip connector, is the largest smart, safe chip component manufacturer in the world, and the combination of the two will help listed companies to build a more complete smart chip industry.
When the transaction is completed, both sides will further enhance market and product excellence, building on each other’s technology, and consolidate and enhance the core competitiveness of the company’s products.
3.2. The strategic layout is expected to yield the fpga chip for years, with the country leading the fpga chip manufacturer.
In November 2017, in order to ensure continuous research and development inputs and to accelerate the process of product marketing, corporate shareholders increased their shareholdings by 251 million yuan, and the share ratio in the UV country dropped from 73% to 36.5%, no longer included in the consolidated statement.
Since then, companies have been investing in the first product of the company, pgt180h, which represents the highest level of domestic ownership, both in terms of size and performance. The product lines have expanded, and customer imports have been smooth.
Since tens of thousands of high-performance fpga chips at high-speed interfaces, the company has launched three series of titan, logos and compact fpga products, of which the titan and logos series of fpga chips have been industrialized and started to be produced and sold, and the compact series of chips have been moved to the telecommunications city in 2018.
On the basis of its many years of experience in software technology development, the company has developed a large-scale fpga development software with autonomous national intellectual property rights that can support the deployment of tens of thousands of class Fpga devices to open and the company is expected to benefit from the development dividend.
The launch of the 5g commercial license plate, which officially opened in China’s 5g era, and the 5g base station construction wave, opened. The company launched a new product for the communications market in 2018, and has been successfully imported into its customers. The opening of the 5g building opened a new historic opportunity for the company, fpga, as a company.
The only fpga enterprises in the country that are already in the communications business are expected to benefit fully. 3.3. Special integrated circuit chips are competitive, products enter a high-speed development period. Special integrated circuit research and development is experienced and products are competitive.
Microelectronics is a national high-technology enterprise, a priority software company in Shenzhen City, which has a complete system of special equipment and scientific production, and whose products are awarded prizes such as the National Science and Technology Progress Second Award, the National Technology Inventorial Second Award.
The main products of the company’s special integrated circuit operations are currently in the main categories of special microprocessors, special programmable devices, special storage units, special bus lines and interfaces, special power circuits, special sopc and custom chip, and the company’s special integrated circuit products are mainly applied to aviation, space and some other products that are stable.
The company’s special integrated circuits have grown robustly, the number of major customers has grown rapidly over the past five years, new product applications have been expanding, and business is moving fast.
Product research and development has been successful, and business is entering a high-speed development phase. The company’s new product development project is well under way, with 43 products identified and mainstream products widely recognized by users, and is beginning to be adopted in large quantities.
Dynamic storage products, high performances and a new generation of fpga products, and second-generation Sopc platform products have all started to be phased into batch applications. The new Sopc products have also been successfully developed and are now being used in a user-selected format. The dc/dc power source products have been used by multiple users and will later form batch applications.
3.4. A steady increase in other operations, with a focus on the main industries, and a clear progress in the development of power semiconductor devices, will provide a good basis for future growth. The company’s power semiconductor operations are mainly carried out by subsidiaries with no tin-violet microelectronics, and its main product covers 500 v-1200v high pressure.
Advanced semiconductor power devices, such as supercuted mosfet, 20v-150v low-pressure sgt/trenchmosfet, 40v-1200vvdmos, igbt, igto, sic, etc. are widely used in energy conservation, green lighting, wind power, smart power grids, hybrid power/electric vehicles, instrument instrumentation, consumer electronics, etc.
The development of high- and low-pressure mosfet, medium- and low-pressure mosfet products has made significant progress, forming a full range of products that are market-friendly and provide a good basis for rapid future development. The low-end supply and demand imbalance for rock crystals and the high-end profitability of high-end products.
At a more stable level, with $157 million in 2018 and a steady increase in the Māori rate. With lower entry barriers and currently more intense competition for low- and middle-end stone crystals, the industry is not profitable, but high-end products still have better profit margins due to high skill thresholds and inadequate supply, and companies will further improve product structure and seek poor results.
Detaching the memory chip business, focusing on the main industry, and focusing on the area of safe chip design. The company's chip industry, which is primarily responsible for the company's subsidiary, is now planning to remove the memory chip business from the company's plan to transfer 76% of the stock to the violet core, which is expected to reduce the pressure on the company's financial investment and change.
In addition, the company could focus further on the area of security chip design and strengthen the core.
In 2019, company smart security chips and special integrated circuit operations continued to grow. (3) We believe that the company ' s Māori rate is expected to increase steadily, with the company ' s Māori rate for 2019-2021, respectively.
With the rapid development of 5g, corporate smart security chip operations, fpga operations, and special integrated circuit operations will be able to develop opportunities in the broader context of autonomous national production substitution. For the first time, coverage will be given, with a “strongly recommended” rating.