The Centre for Resource and Environmental Research has seen a rapid increase in business volume during the first quarter of the year. The equity incentive scheme guarantees long-term development.
The business volume increased by the same 40 per cent in the first quarter: the company achieved 915 million transactions in the first quarter, an increase of 40 per cent in the same year; the single income was $22.33 per piece, a decrease of 4.5 per cent in the same year. In terms of business data, the volume increased significantly in the first quarter, the single volume fell, and the express service in the structure of the company was relatively priced.
Low, so business growth is probably due to the accelerated growth of couriers (especially power suppliers), and changes in the weight and distance of heavy goods operations may also affect unit price levels; consumer concerns about the quality of express product services are gradually increasing, with easy access to the lowest level of complaints among courier companies, or moving forward.
1. " New and old business parallels, science, technology and innovation improves efficiency - step up market share: the expansion of new business or also contributes to some of the increase in business volume. " Māori rate declines in the short term or as a result of accelerated capital spending and rising share of new business: company Māori rate in the first quarter of the year. "
2. " Oblast Airport is officially approved, with a four-quarterly high performance (1) the share or upgrading of electricity suppliers in the company ' s express delivery business: (2) the company ' s capital expenditure accelerated, and the company ' s acquisition of fixed assets and cash disbursements of intangible assets in the fourth quarter of 2017 amounted to approximately 2.1 billion, or 37.5 per cent of the year ' s total,
3. Cost control excellent, single-season major performance surged The same figure was $1.5 billion in 2016, and capital spending continued to accelerate in the current quarter.
4. " Lean-Suffiency Rate for Integrated Logistics " , based on express delivery, has declined. There are also new businesses that are growing or will erode short-term Māori rates.
Establishment of long-term incentives to ensure long-term growth of companies; smooth and accurate positioning of mid- and high-end markets, transformation of integrated logistics services, ample cash flow, robust infrastructure (8621) 60230253
Facilities are built and research and development capabilities are prominent, which will be effective in improving the logistics efficiency of business customers. Companies are forecast to be able to use 2018-Su Bo-hung and erode profits: labour and oil prices are rising too fast.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment