The combined power of Zhao Xudong's subsidiary has been on the market and its performance has continued to improve.
New energy vehicle core parts are being built. Combined power to farm new energy vehicle power drive/power systems, such as core core parts, with customers including ideal, wide steam, Chirre, etc. The combined power was reversed in 2023, resulting in a net profit of $190 million for the mother and $280 million for 2024h1 for me, and my performance has continued to grow.
As a result of the rapid growth of the joint engine after ip0, the company's profits will be further increased, and the subsidiary's combined incentives will be accepted, with an estimated $4.9 billion to be raised: more recently, IP0 applications for the combined power of the company will be submitted to the receiving company, and the combined power will be posted on the start-up board, with an estimated financing value of 48.6.
This ipo is intended to issue no more than 705 million shares, and the pre-issuance company holds about 95% of the joint power, which is calculated to be more than 70% of the company ' s share after issuance, and still has control over the combined power. This collection of funds will be used mainly for the production of core parts and components of new energy vehicles.
(US$26.1 billion), R & D centre construction and platform-type research and development (US$130 million), digitized systems Joint power-deeping in the field of new energy vehicle power-drilling control, joining the ranks of the industry: Joint power masters, new energy vehicle power-drive systems (power control, motors and power-drivers combined), power supply systems (car-loaded power supply)
The core components of power systems, such as machines, dc/dc converters and power aggregates, are among the first companies to launch the 800v product mix high-voltage sic power-driven platform in the country.
In terms of the share of the domestic market, the company ' s share of the new energy-car-controlled products in the first half of 2024 was about 11%, ranking first among third-party suppliers (total).
Second, the share of products driving total output, electric power, obc products is about 5.9 per cent, 4.7 per cent, 4.6 per cent and 4th, 5th and 8th, respectively. Joint power performance is growing at a high rate and profitability continues to increase: joint power revenue 2021-2023
With respect to the Māori rate, the combined-driven Māori rate has increased from year to year, rising from $190 million in 2023 to the mother ' s net profit, successfully achieving a reversal of the loss to a gain, and looking forward to the future, we believe that the combined-driven momentum will continue to grow rapidly after ip0 and that the forward net interest rate is expected to rise.
A step-by-step increase will continue to contribute to the company’s profits. Markets are not warming as expected, and overseas market expansion is blocked.