Joint power ipo accepted, third-party power-drive tap.
▪ Incidents: The subsidiary’s joint power ipo is being processed. The combined power is intended to be issued for projects that do not exceed 710 million shares, or 10-25% of the total equity after issuance (the current equity structure is the construction of core parts and components of the Sinkuan technology-owned vehicles) (6.69 billion yuan).
▪ Revenue growth across levels, rapid and synchronized growth of multi-level products, and a prominent leadership position. Joint forces build multi-level components architectures, system levels, component levels, modular-level products. Rapid and synchronized development, with 24h1 power-driven/power-sourced systems sold to 134/37,000 units, with revenues of $5,144.880 billion, or 1.80 billion.
By the time of the ne era, the share of 24h1 joint power-controlled products was about 11%, with a third party in the country in the first place (total ranking 2nd); the share of driver totals/powers/obcs led to a significant increase in profit after the loss, and the platform & scale effect is expected to boost forward net interest rates.
For billions of dollars, with a net interest rate of 24h1, 4.7 per cent, the combined drivers rely on the construction of modular R & D platforms and the scale effect, and the cost of the major drop is mainly due to the fact that the initial period of large-scale R & D investment has passed and the rate of growth in R & D personnel has fallen), and we expect that the future net interest rate is expected to rise.
The top five clients of the 24h1 combined power are ideal, Hiro, Chiré, Chang An, Jili, revenue.
We're expected to be a blending product and a new vehicle. At the same time, the combined power is working in close collaboration with overseas car companies like Volvo, Rey, third-party power-drive taps to release profit elasticity.
And dc/dc has been supplied in bulk to a number of overseas brands. With regard to vehicle-type structures, the combined power is currently in Synchronous Technologies (300124): Three-quarterly reports 2024 provide power solutions for 170+ models, and we expect an increase & plug-in ratio of about 80%.
Looking forward to 25 years, the ideal Mi & Chir & Hiro new vehicle model is expected to contribute further incrementally. Quantified: Engineering controls enter the bottom zone, new energy vehicles  total assets & net assets grow robustly and liabilities are positive. As of 24h1, combined power total assets /
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.