Hitchon Technologies (300124.sz): December Industrial Automation Order Year/Rixen Technology Disclosure, which increased by more than 20 per cent in December 2024 (November year-on-year research equity)
Downstream markets are driven by machines, printing packaging, etc. This is still more attributable to company-specific factors (not industry-wide) such as the power-driven system solutions developed since 2018 (companies news) than the trend of orders from other factory automation partners (most of the rings in December)
+86(21) 2401-8648 National wave of electricization of engineering machinery. The contribution of these new applications, coupled with some improvements in downstream markets, seems to have raised overall order performance, while the contribution of the photovoltaic sector has diminished.
+86(21) 2401-8812 Leaf branch letter Industrial automation plate revenue increased by 6.4 per cent in the fourth quarter of 2024/year-on-year, in conjunction with Sichuan technology in September-November
Accumulated orders for industrial automation increased at a consistent rate, assuming a period of approximately one month from the receipt of the orders to the recognition of revenue;
Sasakawa Technologies (688320.ss, sold) fell by about 30% in the same year (by about 30% in November) and the ring by about 30% in the same year. The same and the ring decline suggests that the weakness performance is not limited to batteries and photovoltaics, but also to traditional goldmansachs.
Segawa technology (300124.sz) gsinterpretedmonthlyindustrialaturesessionorder, basedon company'soy/momcommentsandhistoricnalfinciandata
Segawa technology is a leading enterprise in the field of industrial automation in the country. We look forward to the growth of this technology, and although the market share of the company's two core products, the frequency transformer/server system, has reached 18.29% by 2023 and is second/first in the country, we believe that the company still has opportunities in overseas markets, and we expect that the share of overseas income will be in 2023.
The plc product will play a fundamental role in the company's expansion into the digital domain and its transformation into a provider of material networking solutions; 3) benefit from the rapid growth of the industry and continue to increase the market share of new-energy auto parts and components; 4) the digital industry is expected to grow beyond our expectations. We believe that the main factors underpinning the resilience of the swath technology in the cyclical process are:
Competition moats are: 1) the R & D performance industry leads and new product lines are highly successful; 2) the product mix is comprehensive and downstream market coverage increases the cost of client conversion. We think the unit is attractive and rated as buying. goldmansachs
Segawa technology (300124.sz) Goldmansachs Segawa technology (300124.sz)
I, Ducie, hereby state that all the views expressed in this report accurately reflect my personal views on the company or its securities. Moreover, no part of my salary has been, is not, will not be, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
The Goldman Sachs elements outline evaluates the investment background of the Unit by comparing the main indicators of a stock with the market (i.e. our coverage) and comparable counterparts. The four main indicators are growth, financial return, valuation multipliers (values) and combinations (growth, financial return, valuation multiples). Growth, financial return and valuation multipliers are calculated using normal rankings for each specific stock indicator.
The growth indicator is based on the expected increase in the sale of a stock, ebitda and per share increase in profitability (financial units use only per share and sales increase), with higher percentages indicating faster growth. Financial returns are based on the expected net asset return of a stock, rose and croci (financial units use only net assets returns), with higher percentages indicating higher financial returns of a company. Valuation multipliers are based on the expected market surplus of a stock, net market rates, stock prices/equity, v/ebitda, v/fcf, v/dacf (ev/debt-adjusted cash flow) (financial shares use only market surpluses, net market rates and equity/equity rates).
A higher percentage indicates that the value of the company is many times higher. The combined status percentage is the average of the growth percentage, the financial return percentage, and (100%-valued hundreds).
In our global coverage, we use the M & As framework to analyse stocks, taking into account both qualitative and quantitative factors (which may vary from industry to region) to take into account the possibility of acquisition of certain companies. We then rate companies on M & As from one to three, one of which represents a higher probability of a company becoming a M & A (30-50%), two of which represents a medium probability (15-30%) and three of which is a lower probability of Qantum.
Quantum is a highly proprietary database providing specific financial statement data history, projections and ratios that can be used for an in-depth analysis of a single company, or to compare Sasakawa technology (sale, RMB 38.9), Haiten International (buy-in, HK$21.1).The stock rating of shenzheninovancetechnologyco. is relative to that of other companies within the scope of its research: avijon, best, bochu, crrccorp. (a).
I don't know what you're talking about, crrccorp. (h), centrestingintlgroup, cubicsensor and instrument, estunautomationco., faratronic, hcfa, hataian internationalholds, ha'slatertechnology, hangketechnology, hongfatechnology, kehuadatako., leadintelligent, leaderharmoniousdrivesysystemsco., luster lighttechco., moons'electric, natgjianghaicacitorco., opmachinevisiontechco., ponytesting, raytrontechnoly, sanhua
Intelligentcontrols, shhanghaibaosightsoftware, shenzhenenenvicooltechnology, shenzhenhenovancetechnologyco., shenzhenkstarscience&tech, shuanghuandriveline, techtronicustries, wahanraycusfiberlasertech, yihedaautomation, zhejiangsupcontechnologyco., zhuzhou crrctimeselectricco. (a), zhuzhoucrciclectricco. (h)
Statutory corporate-related disclosures