WuXi AppTec (603259 CH)
Strengthened earnings certainty drives valuation recovery
BUY (Maintain)
Target Price
WuXi AppTec reported a YoY revenue decline of 2.73%, to RMB39.2bn, and a
RMB94.05
2.5% decrease in adjusted non-IFRS net profit, to RMB10.6bn. However,
(Previous TP
RMB78.51)
earnings showed encouraging improvement throughout 2024, resulting in a
Up/Downside
35.0%
positive revenue and profit growth in 4Q24. The TIDES business remained the
Current Price
RMB69.68
primary growth engine, with full-year revenue up by 70.1% YoY. The Company's
China Healthcare
backlog as of year-end 2024 expanded significantly, growing 47% YoY to
RMB49.3bn. Notably, TIDES backlog experienced a substantial 103.9% YoY
Jill WU, CFA
increase in 2024. Fuelled by robust order book, management offered a positive
outlook for 2025, forecasting 10-15% YoY revenue growth in continuing
operations and further enhancement of the adjusted non-IFRS net profit margin.
Benchen HUANG, CFA
Strong order growth bolsters future revenue visibility. WuXi AppTec's
backlog at end-2024 grew by a significant 47% YoY, reaching RMB49.3bn.
Stock Data
This represents an acceleration from the 35.2% growth seen at the end of
3Q24. Positive trends were evident across segments. CDMO business
secured 25 new Ph3 and commercial projects in 2024 (vs 20 added in 2023).
Biology segment returned to positive revenue growth in 4Q24, posting YoY
and QoQ increases of 9.3% and 9.2%, respectively, signaling an improving
trend in early-stage R&D demand. Furthermore, revenue from Top20 global
Shareholding Structure
pharma clients rose by 24.1% YoY (excl. COVID related projects), expediting
from the 23.1% growth in 9M24. These metrics underscore the increasing
Source: Company report
visibility of the Company's future revenue. Given the positive outlook for future
demand, the Company plans to boost capex by 75%-100% YoY in 2025 to
Share Performance
RMB7-8bn.
TIDES business sustains strong growth trajectory. TIDES revenue in
2024 climbed 70.1% YoY, with backlog expanded by 103.9% YoY. Underlying
demand for polypeptide manufacturing remains robust in the market. The
Source: FactSet
Company's polypeptide capacity reached 41k liters by end-2024, with plans
12-mth Price Performance
for a further increase exceeding 100k liters by late 2025, demonstrating WuXi
(RM
603259 CHSHCOMP (Rebased)
AppTec's commitment to meeting the growing customer demand. Mgmt
anticipates TIDES revenue growth of over 60% YoY in 2025.
Ongoing commitment to shareholder returns. Amidst macroeconomic
uncertainties in 2024, WuXi AppTec strengthened its commitment to
shareholder returns. The Company completed RMB4.0bn in share
repurchases and cancellations in 2024 and maintained a dividend payout
Source: FactSet
ratio of 30% for the year. To further enhance returns, mgmt announced a one-
time special dividend of RMB1.0bn, alongside a 2025 interim dividend. Mgmt
also indicated plans to repurchase RMB1.0bn of A-shares in 2025.
Maintain BUY. We raise our TP from RMB78.51 to RMB94.05 (based on a
10-year DCF model with WACC of 9.42% and terminal growth of 2.0%), to
factor in the earnings recovery. We forecast the continuing operation revenue
to grow by 14.4%/ 15.2%/ 16.3% YoY and adjusted non-IFRS net income to
grow by 11.7%/ 19.0%/ +16.1% YoY in 2025E/ 26E/ 27E, respectively. Our
2025E/ 26E/ 27E forecasts of adjusted non-IFRS profit are 6.9%/ 14.9%/
19.6% higher than consensus.
Earnings Summary
Source: Company data, Bloomberg, CMBIGM estimates. Estimates refer to continuing operations
Note: New CMBIGM estimates refer to continuing operations of WuXi AppTec while old estimates include discontinued operations.
Source: Company data, Bloomberg, CMBIGM estimates
Note: CMBIGM estimates refer to continuing operations of WuXi AppTec.
Source: CMBIGM estimates
Source: CMBIGM estimates
Financial Summary
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates. Note: The calculation of net cash includes financial assets.
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities or issuer
that the analyst covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject securities or issuer; and (2)
no part of his or her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by that analyst in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities and Futures
Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue of this report; (2) will
deal in or trade in the stock(s) covered in this research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve as an officer of any of the Hong
Kong listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report.
CMBIGM Ratings
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
SELL
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
NOT RATED
: Stock is not rated by CMBIGM
OUTPERFORM
: Industry expected to outperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
MARKET-PERFORM
: Industry expected to perform in-line with the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
UNDERPERFORM
: Industry expected to underperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
CMB International Global Markets Limited
CMB International Global Markets Limited ("CMBIGM") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly owned
subsidiary of China Merchants Bank)
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all investors. CMBIGM
does not provide individually tailored investment advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual investment objectives, financial position
or special requirements. Past performance has no indication of future performance, and actual events may differ materially from that which is contained in the
report. The value of, and returns from, any investments are uncertain and are not guaranteed and may fluctuate as a result of their dependence on the
performance of underlying assets or other variable market factors. CMBIGM recommends that investors should independently evaluate particular investments
and strategies, and encourages investors to consult with a professional financial advisor in order to make their own investment decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIGM, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of CMBIGM
or its affiliate(s) to whom it is distributed. This report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security or any interest in
securities or enter into any transaction. Neither CMBIGM nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants, directors, officers or employees shall be
liable for any loss, damage or expense whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, incurred in relying on the information contained in this report. Anyone
making use of the information contained in this report does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available and reliable.
CMBIGM has exerted every effort in its capacity to ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or correctness. CMBIGM provides
the information, advices and forecasts on an "AS IS" basis. The information and contents are subject to change without notice. CMBIGM may issue other
publications having information and/ or conclusions different from this report. These publications reflect different assumption, point-of-view and analytical
methods when compiling. CMBIGM may make investment decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views in
this report.
CMBIGM may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for itself and/or
on behalf of its clients from time to time. Investors should assume that CMBIGM does or seeks to have investment banking or other business relationships with
the companies in this report. As a result, recipients should be aware that CMBIGM may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report
and CMBIGM will not assume any responsibility in respect thereof. This report is for the use of intended recipients only and this publication, may not be
reproduced, reprinted, sold, redistributed or published in whole or in part for any purpose without prior written consent of CMBIGM.
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
(as amended from time to time) ("The Order") or (II) are persons falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) ("High Net Worth Companies, Unincorporated Associations,
etc.,) of the Order, and may not be provided to any other person without the prior written consent of CMBIGM.
For recipients of this document in the United States
CMBIGM is not a registered broker-dealer in the United States. As a result, CMBIGM is not subject to U.S. rules regarding the preparation of research reports
and the independence of research analysts. The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report is not registered or qualified
as a research analyst with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ("FINRA"). The analyst is not subject to applicable restrictions under FINRA Rules
intended to ensure that the analyst is not affected by potential conflicts of interest that could bear upon the reliability of the research report. This report is
intended for distribution in the United States solely to "major US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6 under the US, Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended, and may not be furnished to any other person in the United States. Each major US institutional investor that receives a copy of this report
by its acceptance hereof represents and agrees that it shall not distribute or provide this report to any other person. Any U.S. recipient of this report wishing to
effect any transaction to buy or sell securities based on the information provided in this report should do so only through a U.S.-registered broker-dealer.
For recipients of this document in Singapore
This report is distributed in Singapore by CMBI (Singapore) Pte. Limited (CMBISG) (Company Regn. No. 201731928D), an Exempt Financial Adviser as defined
in the Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110) of Singapore and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. CMBISG may distribute reports produced by its
respective foreign entities, affiliates or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under Regulation 32C of the Financial Advisers Regulations.
Where the report is distributed in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor, Expert Investor or an Institutional Investor, as defined in the Securities
and Futures Act (Cap. 289) of Singapore, CMBISG accepts legal responsibility for the contents of the report to such persons only to the extent required by law.
Singapore recipients should contact CMBISG at +65 6350 4400 for matters arising from, or in connection with the report.