In 2022, a successful admission to office continued in 2023 – a report of the incident evaluation of the Kuotai company (600519.sh) published its annual 2022 report on 30 March 2023.
Sunss@cfsc.com.cn — four quarters of steady growth, successful discharge in 2022 (+0.1 pct), increased advertising and market expansion of the sauna series, management
The company’s transfer of alcohol rights in Guizhou has led to a reduction in the amount of money deposited in the bank account and an increase in the amount of time deposits made by the financial subsidiary.
By product, $12.372 billion (17 per cent of the same increase) was collected in 2022, while a steady growth in the supply was accompanied by a series of wines focusing on five single items, 20232, " Kotau, Guizhou (600519): performance instruments " .
The "i-tao" online sales platform continues to operate with $11,882 million, Māori escort, forward-looking layout medium- and long-term sales of 379,000 tons (up 5 per cent), corresponding to a ton of 28,451,000 yuan per ton.
10% increase; 3030,000 tons (0.3% increase) of liquor sales, corresponding to 100 million yuan. Based on the advanced implementation of the Five-Pulse Marketing Act and the insistence on the 23252 Strategy, the company is on target for the entire year.
Subtract macroeconomic risks, less than expected expansion of production capacity, less than expected growth in direct growth, less than expected reform processes, fast price hikes, etc.
Sun Shansan: Master of Economics, five years of food and beverage sellers’ experience, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry, focus on the beverage plate, in-depth study of the white wine industry, etc.
Ho Astronomy: Master of Laws, University of Shandong, University of Warwick, United Kingdom, with a dual master of law, economics, and taste industry research, reflects my research views. I have not been, nor will I be, driven by the specifics of this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.