q4 performance showed resilience, successful year-round, successful year-round, year-round, year-by-year review of Yutai, Guizhou (600519). Company q4 performance showed resilience, successful year-round. Corporate gross operating income increased year-on-year in 2022.
16.53 per cent of the year's target was successfully met, with a steady collection of officials. In a single quarter, four quarters of the country's epidemic was reversed, and the consumption scene, such as the reception, was hit and the consumption of the white wine terminal was weak. But the company, thanks to its powerful brand influence, was relatively limited by the epidemic, adding a smooth boost to the power channel of the i-pot.
Corporate q4 performance shows resilience. 2022q4, the company achieved a gross operating income of $37.768 billion, which was well sold and stocked. As the consumer scene recovers, it is expected that the company's year-round elasticity will be released and its sales channels will increase dramatically.
At the same time, the company continues to increase the distribution of the series and optimize the structure of the series. At the same time, 1935 of the company ' s series of wines showed a bright record in 22 years. According to the product price, 1935 tons of the company ' s liquor series is about four times the average price in 2021, driving the company ' s liquor series.
In 2022, the company generated business income of $15,939 million, compared to the previous year, optimizing the distribution structure, and vigorously developing direct lines. After the i-pot line, the company’s performance in direct distribution channels was further enhanced, and direct revenue grew rapidly. In 2022, the company’s wholesale agent
The company’s profitability rose steadily over 22 years, depending on factors such as the increase in direct-account access and the optimal structure of the liquor series. In 2022, the company’s Māori ratio was higher.
At the same time, the company's two-wheel-drive strategy is clear, the channel structure continues to be optimized, and i-pot is expected to increase the company's performance.
And it is expected that output will release less than expected, macroeconomic impact, etc. “positive” investors will be fit only to use studies with a risk level not higher than “medium- and high-risk” levels, and “radical” investors will be fit to use our divisions.
This report is presented independently and objectively, within the limits of what is known, in a professional manner and with due diligence, and with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business departments of the company, issuers, listed companies, fund managers, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in the present report and have not used it to issue them.