The year-round target was exceeded and the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre was able to deepen its reform achievements.
In 2022, against the background of macroeconomic pressure, the company exceeded the growth target of about 15% of the annual growth rate, showing strong growth resilience. By contrast, the product recorded a revenue of around 10.7 billion yuan, up from 15.2%.
Qualitative growth, with single q4 khokims receiving about $33.3 billion, compared to +17.0 per cent, and a slower growth rate of single q4 series wines than in the previous three quarters, compared to +3.4 per cent, and the expectation that the company would take the initiative to control the flow rhythm, help channel the inventory and maintain price stability,
Deepening the reforms has been a remarkable success, with an active expansion of the production layout over the long term. 1 - 2022, the development tone of the company’s explicit “Red-on” reforms, guided by the “Five Lines of Development” and the “Five Lines of Development” to accelerate the reform of the product and channel system: the product end, the company’s dynamic layout of multiple specifications, multi-priced belt products, and new products.
1935 was prominent as a new and important growth pole; at the end of the pipeline, the online digital marketing platform, which promoted a steady increase in direct sales.2 The company recently announced a plan to invest approximately $155.2 billion in the construction of the Maw Wine 14th Five-Year Technical Reform project, which will allow for the addition of a new pot of wine with a real capacity of about 1980,000 tonnes/year.
After the construction of the project, real production capacity is expected to reach 76,000 tonnes/year, and the company actively promoted the expansion of the production capacity and the stock of the stock of the stock during the 1455s, laying a solid foundation for long-term development.
Against this backdrop, corporate brand power has gone out of shape, and the larger “batch price differential” provides sufficient security cushions, the poo-barrells will continue to grow at full prices, the series of wines are expected to continue to grow rapidly, with clear growth paths driven by double wheels. In the context of deeper corporate reforms, channels and product structures have become more balanced, with medium- and long-term price strategies in place.
The movement continues to fall, the movement continues to grow, and the “buy-in” rating is maintained.
Quantified performance sufficiency (2022-10-17) has not been, nor will it be, obtained, directly or indirectly, any form of compensation for the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.