Double-digit revenue gains, exceeding annual targets \triangleright year, with companies producing about 568 tons of gin and a series of 3.5 million tons of \triangleright;
Long-term goals, highlighting the company’s fundamentals, a strong operating base, and a strong momentum for sustained growth. The “five-fold marketing method” has worked well, driving high income growth.
The marketing law, which brings marketing to a new level, speeds up the improvement of the product structure and actively promotes the launch of the Year of Tigers, the birth of new items such as Xiao Mau, Quixar, 1935, 100ml, Mae Pao ice cream, and perfect marketing, while the `i-Mae' digital marketing platform is officially launched to open new channels for easy shopping.
Wang Xinhai, full-channel marketing drives the long-term high-quality development of Mao Dai.
In 2022, Mao Tai's income increased by about $10.7 billion, a 15% increase over the previous year, and Mau Yu's revenue from the same line of wine increased by around $15.7 billion, together with Zhang Lingyu.
This is a 25% increase, a 12% increase, and the products of the main margarita company have been fully priced, and the supply of kiosks and others is still in short supply. As a high-end product of the mausoleum series, the mausoleum 1935 has already achieved $4.2 billion in the first three quarters of this year, opening up the moat series to develop the ceiling.
In 2022, the company produced about 5680,000 tons, an increase of 0.53 per cent, and the production of a series of 35.5 million tons, an increase of 1.00,519.sh.
Special dividends and increased confidence of major shareholders in the 2022/11/45 “Technology and rehabilitation project, located in the villages of Taiping and China in the town of Maotai, with a 48-month construction cycle, will be established.
With a real capacity of about 198,000 tonnes/year for the production of the new mahogany, and a capacity of about 84.47 million tonnes/year for the storage of the wine, we expect to comment that direct distribution channels continue to grow, a series of wines develop strongly, and postnatal production can reach 76,000 tonnes/year. At the same time, the company will contribute about 2,534 million yuan to the purchase of the land produced.
We expect that the city of the Maupata, Maupata, and Tauphina will gradually expand the supply of semi-annual newspapers in Guizhou (600519.sh) in 2022 to generate incremental performance and incremental benefits for the company.
Investment proposals: companies are willing to adapt to market transformations by continuously integrating social channels, self-employment, electricity channels under the Five-Plus Marketing Act, building a “one-board” channel pattern, continuously adding self-employed channels such as “i-pot” rating: performance highlights certainty, capacity expansion provides long-term security
Direct sales have continued to rise. With the accelerated optimization of channels, the continuous upgrading of the liquor series, the company's performance has been shown: a rapid upturn in direct sales over the past quarter, marketing reforms have continued at $1272,1479,167.2 million, resulting in a net return to the mother of $626,731.82.6 billion, a year-on-year increase.
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.