30 December 2022, Maotai Group, with the theme “The United States is going to the end”
In 2023, a market event was held at the Motau Resort in Sanya Bay.  Successfully dismissed in 2022 and implemented the 5-percent marketing law.
(a) Motivation of marketing; digital integration; digital marketing; cultural convergence; cultural marketing; branding; brand marketing; tie-up; service camp sales); and opening of the “American era” of marketing.
The important products of the community have developed in parallel, with the shares companies collecting hundreds of billions of dollars, the stable 1,000-dollar belt at the hut station of 1935, the poo wine, the poo-care wine, the poo-cheong-cheong, the poo-cheong, the poo-wee-wee-wee-wee, etc., showing a clear and well-positioned view.
In 2022, the Maotai Group expected $136.4 billion, or 16.5 per cent, in total profits implementing the 23253 strategy with a series of alcohol targets of 20 billion.
Three whole life cycles of food, channels, consumers, two cards for the "Mauritine Family Group" and the "Mauritian Conservatives" and the "Foundation of Powty" and the "Foot-Poo-Poo-Poo-Poo" and the "Foot-Poo-Poo-Poo-Poo-Poo" and the "Foot-Poo-Poo-Poo-Poo-Poo" and the "Poo-Poo-Poo-Poo-Poo-Poo-Poo-Poo-Poo-Poo-Poo-Poo-Poo-Poo-Poo-Poo-Poo-Poo-Poo-Poo-Poo-Poo-Poo-Poo-Poo-Poo-Poo-Poo-Poo-Poo-Poo-Poo-Poo-Poo-Poo-Poo-Poo-Poo-Poo-Poo-Poo-Poo-Poo-Poo-Poo-Poo-Poo-Poo-Poo-Poo-Poo-Poo-Poo-Poo-Poo-Poo-Poo-Poo-Poo-Poo-P-P-P-Poo-Poo-P-Poo-Poo-Poo-Poo-Poo-P-P-Poo-Poo-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-Poo-Poo-Poo-Poo-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-
Three interests, three emotions, and three life communities of destiny. In addition, the 2023 series, in keeping with expectations, looks forward and looks forward.
At the same time, the production of the mahogany and the 500 ml of the mahogany is stopped.
Carfine, forward-looking layout medium- and long-term 2022, 2.5l duo, Lai-Mau (precision), Lai-Mau (principal), 3, Guozhou Mao-Tai (600519): first-time special
500 ml, 500 ml, and 500 ml to seven products. The macroeconomic downside risks, the epidemic, the consumption drag, the output expands faster than expected, the growth of the camp is less than expected, the reform process is less than expected, and the price of the batch is rising fast.
Presentation by the Food and Beverage Group: Sunshan Mountain: Master of Economics, five years of research experience in food and beverage sellers, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry, focus on the drink plate, in-depth study of the white wine industry, etc.
To capture short- and medium-term potential shares; to think hard about the white wine plate, and to think deeply and think deeply about the Su wine. What's the word: University of Shandong, Bachelor of Law, University of Warwick, United Kingdom, with a dual master of law, economics, and taste industry research.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes; a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is made by Chinese securities and is intended only for customers with Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.