Multiplier and more effective, high-quality advance event: company annual report 2022, total operating income of $127,554 million, year-round growth, continued profitability and financial strength. 22q4, company gross operating income
37.768 billion yuan, an increase of 16.53 per cent in the same year, a net profit of $18.317 billion in the same year, a decrease of $36.699 billion in net cash flow for business activities, a decrease in the same year, a ratio of +0.33 pct to 91.87 per cent, and a ratio of taxes and surcharges to €1.7 billion, an increase of 17.91 per cent in the same year.
42.68 per cent, mainly due to the transfer of Liquor shares in Guizhou, the decrease in corporate capture deposits and the increase in the deposit of non-premature inter-employee term deposits by the controlling subsidiary Kuthai Group Finance Limited. As at the end of 2022, corporate book-to-account contract liabilities stood at $15,472 million, an increase of $2,754 million over the same period.
Prices have increased by nearly 40%. 1) By sub-products, \triangleright cleans up low-priced products, with a marked structural upgrade, and the first year that Mao has been on the market in 1935.
Five billion dollars in revenue, and 2023 is the target 100 billion-grade single item. Real annual production of a series of wines is equal to that of a single year.
Guozhou Mautai (600519). Boots dropped and annual sales revenue reached $11,883 million, making it an important part of the direct marketing system.
Structural adjustment and a number of expansion efforts are expected to further accelerate the achievement of the 14th “double” strategic goal. Moreover, we believe that the release of 23q1 non-standard products, the stability of the Mautai price system, will also underpin the company’s performance in the first quarter, with the prospect of opening doors.
In addition to the close to 300 million harvests on the poo ice cream, Mao Dai, who has been holding up young consumers, has also made it possible to create a digital world of wine-making interactions through winding apps, to launch a multi-dollar book-making product, and to continue to increase the number of Sunda S.A.S.S.
In cultural terms, the company has continued to deepen its 24-securysco., ltd, which, in addition to the cultural forums, has been working on the 24s.
Building No. 1 of the 9th House of the City of the West Side of Beijing will be expected to contribute to the growth of corporate culture and soft power.
Risk factors: Risks of macroeconomic uncertainty; technology improvement projects that are not as advanced as expected \triangleright coupons to form food-beverages teams whose members are predominantly industrial seniors and leading schools.
Lu Qingfeng, Master, graduate from the Central University of Finance, two years of food and beverage research and two years of bond research. Coverage of pre-processed foods (in-depth research on Ani foods, multi-task cooks, high-end foods) and spices (in-depth study on Angel yeasts).
The master's degree in finance, graduated from the Wang Yanan School of Economics at Xiamen University, two years of food and beverage research experience.
In the morning of Zhao Dan, Master of Economics, Graduated from Xiamen University School of Economics, two years of food and beverage research experience.
Joray, Master of Food Science Studies, Graduated from Madison, University of Wisconsin, United States, followed by two years of U.S.S.S.P.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.A., research and development and operations, one year of food and beverage research experience.
Liquor, two degrees in law and economics, two years in the financial sector, followed by the white wine industry for 13 years.
At the lower and lower end of the scale, there is practical exercise experience, strong industrial thinking, rich alcohol circles, and a unique understanding of the trends in the white industry, especially in analysing the patterns of sub-higher alcohol competition. Tang Jing, B.A., Chinese University of Technology, 15 years of fast-discharge industry experience, 10 years of first-line sales experience.
There's an idea for high-end white wine. It's good at marketing the future of alcohol based on available data and market moves. Wang Xueqian, Master of Management, Cornell University, B.A. Economics + International Relations, Washington University, covering beer (deeply studying Chinese beer, Qingdao beer, Chongqing beer), water and beverage.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.