The Sini Hill Signal Exchange has exceeded the goal in 22 years and high-quality growth in 23 years.
The company published its annual report for 2022, in which it achieved a total gross operating income of $127,554 million in 2022, an increase of 16.53 per cent over the same period; of this amount, $12,772 million was generated by alcohol, an increase of 16.70 per cent over the same period; and a steady increase in profits from income and a continuing high share of direct sales earnings.
The total production of Mau-Dai wine and herbs increased by 8.38 per cent from the same year, of which, in terms of sales, 1) 37.9 million were sold in 2022 and 30.3 million in 2022. Mau-Dai earned 10.783 billion yuan, an increase of 15.4 per cent from the same year; 22 q4 were sold.
The current revenue was $33.43 billion, an increase of 17.4 per cent over the same period; the revenue from the series was $15.94 billion, an increase over the same period.
The number of domestic distributors throughout the year was 2,084, down by five, to further optimize the marketing network layout and enhance the overall strength of the distributors. With market-based reforms and the continued optimization of distribution channels, 22 years of companies exceeded the growth target of 15% at the beginning of the year, and the overall business activity was strong.
According to the company's previous announcement, the company intends to invest in the construction of the "1450" technology improvement project, which, when completed, will allow the addition of a new "198 million tons" of real production capacity, providing a basic guarantee for sustained growth in the company's performance. The Māori rate remains stable and profitability continues to increase.
49.17% Māori rate remains stable and profitability continues to increase. The company’s sales cost and Chen Zhenzhi have increased by $3.6 billion over the year, and the dealer’s incentive remains.
In 22 years, the Department continued to adapt its product structure and channels.
Precision marketing is gaining momentum for new items such as Precious Maows, Maos, and 100ml flying to the Towers. On the side of the pipeline, the “i” Mae Digital Marketing Platform is officially online, opening new channels for easy shopping, while facilitating medium- and long-term price adjustments and ton price increases for the company’s products, and the company is expected to work together to create a sales match through multi-dimensional channels.
According to feedback from sources, the current spread of bulk prices is around $2750, its in vitro profits are still strong, corporate reforms are firm, and recovery of in vitro profits is still a long-term direction. The steady increase in profitability from this helper company and the growing brand influence continue to grow.
We believe that the future value growth of the company comes mainly from three sources: the continued strength of brands \triangleright and the increased resilience of brand moats.
Third is the increase in the price of tons brought about by structural upgrading, and we look at the company's long-term investment prices, the slower pace of macroeconomic warming, the slower pace of growth than expected, the slower reforms than expected, and the rational basis for the industry. This report clearly and accurately reflects my own research. I have no cause, no reason, and will not be specifically recommended in this report.
The opinion or opinion is in any form directly or indirectly compensated.