Under the fence and with the return of property, the new business is in its release phase, the Bulls Group (603195.sh) 16 February 2023
Investment rating: Purchase (maintenance) below the fence and improvement of real estate, new operations entering the release phase, maintaining the “buy-in” rating, the overall rate of increase in the wall in 2022, disturbed by the real estate and the epidemic, and the converter growth robust.
Underline passenger flow and sales warmer, improvements in real estate and expected improvements in overall sales; structural upgrades of converters Average price increases: improved distribution systems under orphan lamps and new power grids, 2023 or better performance for improved passenger flow and real estate, structural upgrades, cost fallbacks, 2023 major industries or better performances
(1) The structural upgrade of the converter will continue to support a steady increase in the average price. Recapitulation history, the demand for the replacement of the new national tender, which in 2022 contributed to the main increase in the converter. Orbital spot sales were 1.84 per cent in 2022, assuming an increase to 2.5 per cent in 2023, with an average price decrease of 5 per cent, while the overall converter price was higher.
The year's focus is high-end, and the introduction of space overload switches is expected to capture a second-line share of the city, and small and medium-sized brands on three or four lines and below are expected to upgrade, adding up the warmer passenger flow and improvements in real estate, with the expected marginal increase in sales. (3) Led lighting, along with falling costs, is expected to improve the company's price policy and return policy.
• The distributioner system is well-developed, with new energy connections and headlamps in 2023, or the arrival of the Quantities Year.
With the development of the web site and the prospect of accelerated growth. On the one hand, a light brand has been created, and shops have been set up around two-line cities.
It is expected that by the end of 2022, the Bull brand will have a stand-up and develop a perfect clientele, and that it will be in its release phase in 2023.
2022q3 battalion growth robust, high base disturbance