Valium International: proactive globalization and high-end market layout, digital reform, rapid growth in performance - Haile
In 2021, my country's electricity market recovered completely and retailed 88.1 billion yuan, an increase of 5.7 per cent.
It is recommended (for the first time) that the whole return largely to pre-epidemiological levels. From 2022q2, prices of raw materials have fallen from high to high, and the Māori ratio in the domestic electricity industry has improved continuously.
The size of the country’s electricity market is expected to increase even further. There is a trend towards easing the country’s anti-epidemic policies, which are expected to fuel a recovery in below-line consumption, and drive back below-line sales in the domestic electricity sector. Financial support for good policies in the real estate sector is frequent, with the hope of leading the rapid valuation of up-to-and-down plots and companies as industry leaders with sustained high growth rates.
Hale insists on creating a global, competitive and broad-based world that is different from the way most competitors in the same industry choose to replace their workers, a 35-year-old Heir Jit.
Globalisation is achieved by buying a brand. Companies outperformed the domestic market for the first time in 2021 by $11,472.6 billion in overseas operating income. The company’s seven major autonomous brands are wide-ranging, and its future share in developed markets abroad is expected to increase further.
According to the latest data, in January-August 2022, the company's market share in the home power industry was 27.1 per cent.
The company's long history of market ownership in refrigerators, washing machines, and now, guided by a high-end strategy, has been increasing market access for a slightly short air conditioner and cookboard. This is in line with the company's insistence on technological innovation and the development of customer resolution in a number of product categories.
The pain, the product that meets the needs of its customers, is closely linked. In addition, the company has a stable Māori rate, the cost rate continues to be high, but there is still a gap between optimization and industry leaders, and there is scope for improvement in the future. As the rates are optimized, net profit returns over the next three years will remain at a compound rate of 25.35%.
At the macro level, our economy has grown steadily, our small and prosperous society has been fully built, and the disposable income of the population has grown year by year, which is the driving force behind the sustained growth of the domestic electricity sector. The disposable income of our inhabitants has been from 25974 yuan in 2017 to 35128 in 2021.
With the rapid upgrading of our industrial structure and consumption structure, the domestic electricity sector will be at a new economic growth point. At the micro-level, domestic appliances have already moved into thousands of homes, and thousands of homes have become an integral part of our lives, with the upgrading of home appliances into smart homes and green homes.
The main factors influencing the development of the domestic electricity sector include the wind cycle of completion, the export schedule and the rise of online power channels, which are still in the dominant position in my country. 1. My country’s electricity sector is highly competitive and market demand is stable.
In recent years, the growth of most electricity businesses has become a bottleneck with the decline in retail sales. According to the National Electric Institute and the National Electrical Industry Information Centre, the total annual retail sales of my country’s electricity market has not crossed the 90 billion yuan mark.
The power industry, represented by the industry group, has a wide range of home-based appliances, branding effects, and the grouping of home-based products, which can easily foster a firm’s loyal customers. The variety of other electricity products, the homogeneity of products, their large number and their replacement, require that a company must focus on innovative capabilities and constantly develop new ones in order to quickly capture its market share, otherwise.
2. The electricity sector has been affected by the epidemic, and the country has put in place policies to support the development of the sector. The outbreak of the new coronary pneumonia outbreak in 2020 has had a significant impact on the electricity sector.
In 2021, the country's electricity market recovered to 88.11 billion yuan, an increase of 5.7 per cent compared to the previous period. The domestic electricity sector is an important pillar of the national economy, and the industry's development process is supported by national policies in its entirety.
In the context of the globalization of the economy, ensuring the sustainable development of the domestic electricity sector: in the Twelfth Five-Year Plan, it was pointed out that the country would become a major powerhouse over the next ten years: in the Thirteen-Five Plan, it was pointed out that accelerating the shift in the way of economic development required industrial restructuring of the electrical industry; and in the Fourteen-Five Plan, innovation was identified as a top priority for the domestic electricity sector and that it would be applied with a sense of control.
Technology tools such as production, voice control, remote control, development of smart household power, smart lighting, smart security surveillance, smart sound boxes, new apparel devices, service robots, etc. 3. The power of front-line brands continues to rise, and the market is well underlined.
Data from the National Electronics Industry Information Centre show that consumers have increased their preference for traditional electronic brands. In 2021, I had a higher overall concentration in the country ' s top four products. From the online market, the first four categories have a concentration of more than 80% of air conditioners, washing machines, and a slightly lower concentration of 62.4% on the television line. From the offline market, the first four categories are concentrated.
In sales, the combination is the direction of sales in the area of domestic appliances, and the market has been growing continuously with the growth of the Internet and electricity suppliers. According to the China National Institute of Electrical and Electrical Research and the National Information Centre for the Electrical Industry, mid-2021.
The country’s retail sales on the electricity line were 466.3 billion yuan, an increase of 11.05% over the same period, and China’s domestic retail sales on the line again exceeded the bottom line. The growth rate in the offline market has been negative, and, as the epidemic continues to deepen, in 2021 the country’s zero sales on the line accounted for 52.9% and more than 50% for two years in a row.
(i) Attention is paid to the sunk market, which is encouraged by State policy, with green smart households starting off from the countryside, and the sunk market having great potential. According to the China National Electrical and Electrical Research Institute, the National Information Centre for the Electrical Industry (INAEI), 70% of the population of cities, counties and rural areas are below three lines.
In 2021, the market was 277.5 billion yuan, or 31.5 per cent, an increase of 8.9 per cent over the same period. The increase was much higher than in the overall market and was the most critical growth area for the domestic market. Universal household electricity was still the market’s market’s market’s market, the main selling power, and there was a large gap between the ownership of major household electricity products per 100 households in rural areas and the urban population’s.
In addition to this, the penetration rate of kitchen appliances, environmental appliances, and individual household appliances in rural areas is even lower. As the rural population’s consumption capacity is constantly improving, the network and logistics infrastructure are improving, and urban and rural household consumption is rapidly integrated, the sunk market has become ours.
On March 5, 2022, Prime Minister Li Keqiang, in his report on the government’s work, advocated that local governments launch green smart household power displacements and replace them with old ones, which will drive the domestic electricity-deficit market, the global supply chain is accelerating adjustment and re-engineering, and my country’s electricity market is showing a trend of “intract and out-heating.”
Domestic firms in the electricity industry are competitive, and export markets are growing at a remarkable rate. China, as a manufacturing centre and a home-based power company in the global electricity industry, is accelerating its journey to the sea, operating through localization and deep integration into the global supply chain system, capturing the markets of different countries.
With the development of the Internet, the idea of “into-the-world” has gradually become a trend, with young consumers demanding new domestic electricity, and household intelligence being the main trend in the future, with both small and large household electricity now turning to intelligence, and home-based producers having to constantly improve their scientific capabilities, respond to consumers' needs, and produce more intelligently.
Humanized products. In the choice of home electricity, factors such as value for money, brands, energy consumption are a major factor for consumers, and household appliances are typically larger in size, more space occupied, and consumers also focus their purchases on the appearance of home-based electricity products. So, when developing new products, firms should take into account such factors as intelligence, energy efficiency, simplicity, individualization, etc.
According to the national electricity market report in 2021, good quality goods have become the mainstream of the domestic electricity market, with demand shifting from a “saturated” to a “quality” type that meets basic functions. The demand for diversity has created a new generation of household electricity. Game TV retail sales have grown by more than 600%, dryer sales by 124%, and integrated stoves by 41%: the epidemic has continued to grow.
In traditional household electricity, there is a larger frequency of air conditioning, multi-refrigerated refrigerators, a large capacity washing machine, a large wind smoker, and a large wind smoke smoker.
The demand for new wind air conditioning, partition washing machines, dryers, water-purification units, multi-purpose wall breakers, air fryers, integrated stoves, land washing machines, beauty machines, pet appliances, etc. is more disaggregated, quality-improved products continue to be sold.
The increase was 39.2 per cent, the average price of the top four categories of household electricity and the growth of the same value.
1. Insist on the path of self-inflicted creation and globalization into the harvest season (1) The path of Heir ' s globalization is different from the way most competitors in the same industry choose to substitute workers.
The path to corporate globalization is clear: the introduction of technology (1985) – the generation of export revenues (1990) – the establishment of a joint venture (1993) – the construction of overseas plants (1999) – the acquisition of overseas equipment (2011). In 1985, Heil was heavily invested in the introduction of key equipment and full-scale technology for the production of German Ribbon Hale refrigerators.
In 1990, the company began exporting its products abroad to more than 20 countries and territories, including South-East Asia, the Middle East, Hong Kong and Australia. In 1991, Haile became our first Chinese enterprise to enter the U.S. List, was recognized by Canada ' s csa and Germany ' s vde, and in 1992 it became the country ' s first home company certified through the Iso 9001 International Quality Standards.
In 1993, the Heir Group established a joint venture with Mitsubishi Heavy Industries, Mitsubishi Heavy Worker Haile, the largest central air conditioner in Mitsubishi Heavy Industries, and in 1998 the company achieved the strategic objective of globalization of “one third of domestic, one third of domestic and foreign production and one third of overseas production”.
In 1999, Haile established the first overseas industrial park in South Carolina, United States. In 2000, five new overseas factories were successfully built and successfully launched.
In 2002, the Hale Group, in joint venture with the Miyagi electric power plant, established the “Syyen Seal Club.” In 2007, Haile acquired the Indian refrigerator factory and built the plant in India, and in 2015, Qingdao Haile acquired from the group a white power business in Japan and South-East Asia.
In 2016, Qingdao Haile purchased gebular electricity for $5.58 billion. In 2018, Qingdao Heil acquired from the Group the New Zealand State treasurer Fiji Pike. In 2019, Qingdao Heil acquired the Italian Candy Company for €475 million.
(2) Multi-brand, multi-layered access to major overseas developed country markets, and now Hale thinkers have completed multi-brand, multi-layered and 100% autonomous branding in foreign markets. The company owns “haier, Casati, leader, Gepplicances, fisher&paykel, aqua, Candy” all over the world.
Seven major autonomous brands. Each brand has a rich range of products to meet the needs of consumers at different levels.
In addition to the seven major brands in major mainstream markets, Hale has 33 industrial parks and 133 manufacturing centres around the world, 54 of which are overseas, and globalization is truly global. In R & D, also globally, 143330 marketing networks, run and linked by “10+n” marketing centres, make it possible for Hale's products to spread across 160 countries around the world.
Homes and regions, serving more than 1 billion user groups. The 7* 24-hour service system created by the Heil thinker abroad, with 7200 service centres worldwide, with more than 15,000 engineers, covers most of the countries and regions of the world.
According to Euro-Wise, the share of companies in the global electricity market (retail volume) in the major regions in 2021 was as follows: Asian markets ranked first with 20.4 per cent market share; Americas ranked second with 15.1 per cent market share; Australia and New Zealand ranked second with 11.6 per cent market share; the Middle East and Africa ranked third with 7.4 per cent market share; and Europe ranked second with Europe.
Fourth, the market share was 8.1 per cent, with $11,47.26 billion in 2021, representing an increase of 13.2 per cent over the previous year and a first-time excess of 50.6 per cent over the share of domestic revenues.
(1) High rate of growth in all product categories, sales areas, in terms of income categories, the highest percentage of refrigerators in 2021 and faster rate of increase in air conditioners and waterhouse electricity. Refrigerators: 71.57 billion yuan (+16.3 per cent) in 2021, representing 31.5 per cent of corporate collections.
A refrigerator product, embedded at zero distance from the cabinet, leads to a trend toward the integration of home electricians. Laundry machines: $5.476 billion (+13.0%) in 2021 for the class, representing 24.1% of the company’s revenue.
Air-conditioning: 37.53 billion yuan (+25.1%) in 2021 for the class of goods, representing 16.5% of the company ' s revenue. Industry insists on a middle- and high-end breakthrough in the intellectual and healthy product main line, and the market end continuously improves business competitiveness through retail transformation and network expansion. Cooking electricity: 35,240 million yuan (+12.4%) for the class of goods in 2021, representing 15.5% of the company ' s revenue.
The end-of-cycle strategy competed with the three-wing bird kitchen scenario. The result was a 95.1% increase in the income of Casati's cooking power and a 90% increase in the income of the dishwasher in 2021, of which the income of Casati's dishwasher grew by 137.9%. Waterhouse electricity: $12.47 billion (+26.5%) in 2021 in the class camp, accounting for 5.5% of the company's revenue.
Innovation, innovation of channels, with 51 per cent increase in income from gas-heating water heaters. Billions (+13.0 per cent).In 2021, China achieved 11,185.1 billion yuan in income from smart household operations, an increase of 22.2 per cent over 2020;
Operating profits of $7,456 million, an increase of 27.5 per cent from 2020. Business growth is due to a further expansion of the company in the domestic market, which has grown by more than 40 per cent per year; upgrading of terminal access capacity and transfer through the network layout of contact points, digital platforms and operating systems; and, in the overseas subregions, the company's revenue of $70,280 million in the North American market, an increase of 10.3 per cent, the best ever, in Europe.
The continent market generated revenues of 19.737 billion yuan, an increase of 19.5 per cent over the same period; the Australasia market achieved revenue of 4.74 billion yuan, a growth of 15.0 per cent over the same period, through product high-end and channel networks; and the Japanese market achieved revenue of 3,491 million yuan, a decline of 3.4 per cent over the same period, excluding exchange rate-impact revenue growth of 6.3 per cent, which was well performed at the overseas end, largely thanks to the firm's reliance on global branding.
Matrixs, fine local operations, and the contribution of global resource synergies. (2) Refrigerators, washing machines, absolute first, and other product markets have increased overall, according to the data from Mid-Iengang, in January-August 2022, the industry's share of the Top3 brand as a whole was two to one. Specifically, Haile
The share of the wise man is 27.6%, an increase of 2.3 pct over the same year; the share of the United States is 13%, a decrease of 0.8 pct over the same year; the share of the power is 9.1%, an increase of 0.3 pct over the same year.
In 2015, about 27% went up to 44.1% in 2022, an increase of 2.4 pct in the same year; the washing machine went up from about 26% to a solid level in the subcategory, with Hale Ji's still in the first place in the refrigerators and washing machines. The air-conditioning market “three points in the sky” pattern was stable, with the strength of the power first in the share ranking, and the beauty next to it, with the Hale Ji's third in the ranking;
In terms of share growth, Hale's wiseman +2.3 pct is the only positive growth in Top3. (3) Kasati's growth rate has increased, becoming the country's high-end first brand, and, in the larger context of rising consumption, Casat's hair is thin with multiple advantages in products, channels, marketing, and camp 2021.
In the company’s annual report for 2021, the share of Kassati in the refrigerators, washing machines and air-conditioning markets in excess of $10,000 was 36.2%, 73.9%, and 30.3%, respectively.
Māori rates are stable and cost rates are continuously optimized 2022q3, with companies achieving a net profit of 11,711 million yuan, an increase of 16.37 per cent over the same period; a net return profit of 11,666 million yuan, and (1) the sales Māori rate of Haile has been consistent with the continuing decline in the Māori rates in recent years of competition between the Grail and the United States.
Stable at 30%. The 2022q3 Māori rate is 30,49%, an increase of 0.28 ptt from the same year. The increase in Māori rate is mainly due to the absorption of cost pressures through measures such as higher end sales ratios, optimization of product structures, digital change in the supply chain to improve operational efficiency, and disposal of low Māori operations.
(2) The sales and management costs of the company have always been higher than those of the main competitor (Gree, beauty), and there is still much room for improvement as the number of companies has changed in word. We can see that in recent years there has been a clear trend between the sales and management costs of Haile. The sales costs of the company 2022q3 have been 14.88%, while the management costs have been 4.18%, and a 0.48pt drop in the same year.
0.27 pct. Optimization of cost efficiency is due mainly to the continuous digitalization of the Chinese market and the optimization of organizational and cost-investment efficiency: rapid growth in the size of the overseas market and improvement in operating efficiency. (3) The company ' s 2022q3 financial cost rate is -0.34 per cent, an optimal 0.52 pct compared to 2021 and the highest financial cost rate.
Subsistence positive and negative. Mainly, the conversion of corporate convertable bonds to equity, repayment of loans and replacement of high-interest-rate borrowing, resulting in lower interest-rate costs and more efficient fund management.
Sub-products: The company has been leading the industry in refrigerators, washing machines, brands, and technology-led industries, and is expected to grow at a very high rate. In recent years, the company has grown in the category of washing machines (dry, considering that the price of raw materials has now fallen from a high position, we estimate that the Māori rate will increase slightly in both categories.
In the air-conditioning market, companies adhere to smart and healthy product lines, create the best air solutions for users, and adhere to efficient retail models and medium-to-high-end breakthroughs, the growth rate will be further accelerated. In the context of the digitalization of channels and new retailing, companies will be able to further enhance user coverage and experience upgrading, and future channel reform dividends will be released gradually.
Price rivalries have driven up the market share, raw materials prices are now falling, companies are expected to move steadily toward high-end air conditioning, industry prices have returned to benign competition, and the Māori rate is expected to rise steadily. Companies are insisting on Casati’s high-end strategy on the cook business plate, leading market-type products on a continuous basis; and through three-wing bird cooks
The front-end business of the housing landscape programme, market terminal displays and experiences, and differential competition; promotion of full-scale coverage of the pre-placed sites such as home-based construction materials markets, and better access to user flows. The company’s technology for overseas branding of cooking power is strong (in particular gea and fpa) and will continue to provide high-end domestic products in the future, with relatively low pricing being noted.
The company's ongoing technological innovation in water and electricity, its channels of innovation, and its customers' pains and needs. It is expected that the company's leading position in the water and electricity class will not be exceeded in the short term, that the company's market share will increase significantly further, and that the company will continue to lead the market in the Home Garage Department. Although the overall Māori rate is currently low, the service is mainly geared towards changing users in the community.
The construction of small-service shops, the introduction of community services, such as curtains, electricity and water maintenance, the transformation of home-based services from home-to-house to home-to-house, and the introduction of user-to-house profiles, adding user stickyness, as a basis for local kitchen modifications, home-to-house appliances, and other operations such as the replacement of old ones. With the upgrading and expansion of the tentage network system, it is expected that the revenue of the Department will increase at a rate of 22-24 years.
On the cost side, companies’ reliance on digital business transformations, organizational restructuring, and marketing-channel changes will continue, gradually leading the industry. In addition, firms’ prior deployment into harvest periods in overseas channels will be smooth, with the company’s “one-person” strategy on the ground and the level of digitalization at the end of the manufacture expected to continue to decrease.
The company's investment in product upgrading and intelligence has been increasing in recent years, so we're predicting a further increase in R & D costs, which we expect to benefit from the overall recovery of the industry as the leading company in the electricity industry, in 2022-2024, respectively.
A matrix that can meet the diverse needs of consumers at different levels: powerful offline distribution channels and growing online distribution channels, which will also provide good support for corporate performance as the domestic and foreign epidemic gradually improves, and belowline sales recovers.
Compare the average and median value of the second-tier industry with the relevant comparable companies in the domestic electricity sector, taking into account factors such as the size of the company and the scope of the main business, and the selection of the best and the power as the comparable company. We can see that a conglomerate is at the lowest level of the industry in the domestic electricity industry, probably because the conglomerates tend to have large market value and to be financially funded.
Overconsumption is difficult to support high valuations: second, leading companies, because of their already relatively high rates of market ownership, will acquire on this basis 6.90 and 10.93 times higher than the industry average and the industry median, respectively, and are now double the value of the electric taps, 17.83 times the median value of the valuation, which is higher than the company valuation level.
In the block, companies vary significantly in their valuation levels, and the median industry valuation and the weighted average industry valuations better reflect the return of industry leaders to valuation levels. Given Hale Ji's brand advantage in the home power industry, forward-looking globalization, and high-end market layouts, which increase certainty about the company's future high-performance growth, the future corporate valuation levels are close to the overall plate value added.
The average weighting of the industry-pe valuation in 2022 is reasonable, so we use the dcf model for the company at the same time. The main assumptions are as follows: (2). Equity market risk premium: as at 31 October 2022, the bottom 300 stock market was measured on the basis of Tushare data.
(4) Debt capital cost kd. Based on the latest publication by the People ' s Bank, based on lpr over five years, and taking into account the company ' s own situation, we have a measure of 7.2% wacc, corresponding to the forecast of fcffs for each year, leading to a fall in the price of raw materials for the company as a whole, which is expected to increase the profitability of home-based enterprises on a continuous basis.
The price was $7634/tonne, a 24.20 per cent decline over the same period; the price of lme aluminium was $2212/tonne, a 22.73 per cent decline over the same period; the price index for China's plastics city fell by 88.45 per cent over the same year, and the spot price for chilling plain sheet 1 mm was $4682/tonne, a 22.85 per cent decline over the same period. White power production had a strong scale effect, with the cost of raw materials accounting for more than 80 per cent of the total cost, as raw materials were priced.
On November 10, a meeting of the Standing Committee of the Central Political Bureau was briefed on the prevention and control of the new coronary pneumonia epidemic and called for precision control.
To minimize the impact of the epidemic on economic and social development and correct the “one-size-fits-all” and “layer-plus” practices. The next day, the Health and Welfare Board issued a circular to determine in a timely and accurate manner the passwords and not the sub-coveries. And, for close contacts, the Department of State adjusted the “7+3” management measures to “5+3.
Financial support for 16 measures is expected to lead to the restoration of the value of the estate sector up and down. Financial support for property financing policies has been frequent in recent years, policy improvements have been clear and rapid, markets have responded positively to policies and have effectively stabilized investors.
Expectations of real estate credit and the quality of bank assets, as well as the promotion of broad credit for the banking sector. Household panels as plates associated with real estate power, the restoration of the quality of the property chain, i.e., the expected improvement in market risk, the expectation that domestic electricity market demand will be matched by Ti Hal thinkers as lead sheep for digital reform of household panels, benefiting from forward-looking globalization and high-end market layouts, companies, companies.
According to the latest data, 27.1% of companies in the electricity sector in January-August 2022 remained in absolute leadership, twice as high as in the second place. Companies have been in the forefront for years in refrigerators, washing machines, and are now guided by a high-end strategy, with a slightly short void.
The company’s overseas revenues of $11,47.26 billion in 2021 exceeded domestic markets for the first time. The future is expected to rise further in developed overseas markets, and it will be difficult to overtake the global layout when it is short-lived.
On the smart manufacturing platform, companies focus on using digital means to improve the efficiency of smart manufacturing, procurement, supply chains, logistics, etc., and on the efficiency of park logistics by 30%.
The Division’s global design cycle for new products was reduced by 30%, and design costs were optimized by more than 0.9% in the third quarter. In addition to the efficiency gains, digitalization, changes made more value-reforming business models in the industry.
Benchmark indicator description: a share-headboard benchmark is 300 indexes, start-up panel benchmark is 300 indexes, start-up panel benchmark is 50 index, and the North Pass benchmark is 50 index; the Hong Kong-side benchmark is the Helium Index; and the United States-side benchmark is 500 index markers.
At the end of sales, the situation affects consumer confidence and thus reduces the consumption of alternative products. At the end of production, when the epidemic is repeated, the failure of the factory to control the country’s epidemic will affect the company’s production to some extent.
2. Risk of exchange rate fluctuations. As a result of the continuous increase in the share of the company ' s overseas operating income, which is now more than half, exchange rate fluctuations may result in higher exchange rate risks for the enterprise. 3) The risk of rising prices of raw materials is high. White power production has a strong scale effect and costs more than 80% of the total cost, if the raw materials are original.
Following a rise in prices, the company’s Māori rate will be squeezed. (4) The end demand will fall short of the expected risks. Since 2022, the global market has increased interest rates, the population’s willingness to save has increased, and the cost of consumer durables is generally weak and is still recovering; moreover, the replacement cycle for consumer durables is itself more resilient.
This report has been produced and published in Hong Kong by H.E. China-Toon Securities International Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) and is a 33-year-old voucher dealer with license plate No. 1/4/5/9 issued by the Hong Kong CVM.