The world's leading cro leader, sharing domestic innovation dividends, South-West Securities Research and Development Center.
• Recommended logic: As one of the world's largest platforms for pharmaceutical research and development services, drug Minding Condt provides one-stop services in the entire industry chain of availability, screening, clinical research, production, etc., not only improves the efficiency of research and development by multinational drug companies, but also contributes to the pace of development of the domestic innovation pharmaceutical industry through the dividends of China's innovation drug policy.
The pharmaceutical R & D outsourcing industry is at a very rapid stage of development, and companies are expected to take advantage of their goods and size as industry leaders, and to be able to perform in the future.
The top 20 multinational pharmaceutical giants in the world, such as Novartis, have accumulated a great deal of innovative drug research and development experience for companies over the years. In recent years, domestic innovation drugs have opened up historic opportunities, domestic pharmaceutical companies have a strong demand for new drug research and development, and companies can provide compound discovery -- clinical research -- market production, etc.
At present, the country’s pharmaceutical giant is the largest domestic customer, with the company’s sales of $140 million in 2016, making it its ninth largest customer; in addition, a number of companies, such as reputations, popular medicine, etc., have become clients of corporate innovation medicine.
• Companies have benefited from the rapid development of the pharmaceutical industry, and the city’s share is rising. On overseas markets: companies have a cost advantage, so global pharmaceutical research and development is shifting to China and other low-cost countries.
In terms of domestic markets, our pharmaceutical industry is at a stage of transition from generic to “innovable” strategies. According to the South, China’s combustible market grew at an average annual rate of 20.32% in 2017-2021, and our coro industry will develop across borders. As the largest coro in the country.
Corporations, we believe, will benefit from the rapid growth of the industry. • Building on the Innovative Medicines Service platform to develop mature precision medical products.
Cooperation to introduce mature car-t treatment technologies into the country has not only succeeded in evading established barriers in the industry, but has also enabled companies to successfully enter a mature provider of precision medical products, and is expected to become one of the largest providers of precision medical services in the country in the future.
Powder Mind is one of the most comprehensive and powerful platforms for the development of integrated services for the discovery, development, production and accompanying testing of small-molecular drugs, clinical testing services and testing of medical devices.
The dollar grew to $1.23 billion, with a compound annual growth rate of 87.5%. In the first quarter of 2018, corporate profits fell, largely due to higher exchange losses due to exchange rate movements.
Company operations consist mainly of contract R & D services (cro) and contract production/contract production R & D operations (cmo/cdmo). 1) Contract R & D services (cro) China District Laboratory services: in the Chinese region, companies mainly conduct small molecular chemical discovery and drug analysis and
Testing services, covering a range of related operations such as synthetic chemistry, biology, pharmaceutical chemistry, analytical chemistry, drug metabolic dynamics and toxicological, biological analysis services and testing services.
There are laboratories in Philadelphia, São Paulo, and Atlanta.
Operational areas such as services, which can be tailored to the needs of pharmaceutical companies, scientific institutions and medical devices, mainly for United States clients Clinical research and other cro services: mainly clinical trial management, surveillance and clinical trial data analysis clothing \triangleright
Services, clinical coordination and on-site management services, cro support services. 2) Contract production/contract production R & D (cmo/cdmo) Small Molecular New Pharmacology Development and Production, i.e. company cmo/cdmo operations, mainly through its holding subsidiary
The whole industry has one of the largest and most research and development teams in the country that can provide integrated services for new drug intermediates, raw materials and preparations from pre-clinical process development to commercial production.
\triangleright Management rate: annual decline starting in 2015, reflecting optimized corporate management model and improved management efficiency; \triangleright
The company’s core advantage is that it has an open, comprehensive, integrated R & D service platform.
The in-depth and forward-looking knowledge of the pharmaceutical research industry has created a unique industry platform for integrated services, leading to changes in the global field of small-scale pharmaceutical research and development. Companies have comprehensive business coverage and provide small-molecular drug discovery, development, production, and testing, clinical support.
The ability of experimental services, medical instrument testing and precision medical research and development production services to provide both a phased service to clients and a full range of services from the discovery of compounds to the listing of final drugs. Since the most important aspect of medical research is research into data bridging at various stages and the credibility of the results, only a single service is available.
Firms that offer staged pharmaceutical research and development services are unable to meet the needs of large firms in the whole industry chain. And companies, with their full-scale, holistic service platforms, are involved from the early stages of innovation medicine development, without compromising their clients and deepening their trust in long-term professional services, leading to a stable and reliable long-term strategic partnership to promote corporate revenue collection.
3.1 Building on years of experience in overseas markets to tap into domestic markets, especially clinical operations The early operations of the drug Ming Conde were concentrated in the United States, building up their own industry-wide chain system in the mature United States cro market. Companies were privatized in 2015 to optimize their operations and restructuring.
Because of the huge costs of pharmaceutical research and development, global pharmaceutical research and development is moving toward low-cost countries like China, while national policies encourage research and development of new medicines, China’s future market is still very promising. Although in China’s pre-cro industry, the drug Minding Condt is a leading business, it is starting clinically.
Lately. The company will strengthen its clinical surveillance operations and smo operations in the future. Therefore, there is still much room for escalation in the company’s domestic clinical market. 3.2 Develop precision medical operations and explore potential market flashpoints.
In the United States, Pharmacy Condé works with a number of clients through its subsidiary apptec (Pharma Condex America) to provide clinical trials and customized production services for cell and gene therapy products. Apptec has developed products for cell and gene therapy production and processes.
Mass particle carrier research. The following specific services are provided: 1) production process research, including process optimization, platform development, process magnification and process validation; 2) cell therapy for clinical trials and small batch production of genetic treatment products;
3) Commercial production of cytological and genetic treatment products; 4) related testing services. Cell and genetic therapy is the most promising direction for the medical community.
China’s pharmaceutical research and development industry is supported by national policies and is growing rapidly, leading directly to the development of the cro and cmo industries. There is still much room for global development in the cro industry, and global pharmaceutical research and development is moving toward low-cost countries like China.
2) As a leading Chinese pharmaceutical research business, the major clients cover the top 20 pharmaceutical companies in the world, as well as new drug research and development institutions of all kinds, with good credibility. The company’s pharmaceutical research and development capacity has gradually increased, and its size continues to expand.
Cro Services: The company’s cro service covers all the stages of pre-clinical trials when drugs are found, and currently earns more than other Chinese companies of the same type. Meanwhile, the company is preparing to expand operations such as consistency evaluation tests and drug safety assessments, and the company’s output can be increased and the Māori rate is growing steadily.
cmo Services: The whole industry is the main carrier of the drug’s cmo business, with steady growth in its performance. In the future, as its capacity expands, production process research matures and its operations expands to new and higher value-added formulation areas, the Māori ratio of the drug industry will increase further.
The company, based in China, is world-oriented, integrating the capabilities of the industrial chain and the technological and human resources at home and abroad. Considering the global shift of the pharmaceutical outsourcing industry to China and other low-cost countries over the next three years, and the rise of China’s own innovation, the company will continue its two main trends.
The company is expected to have an eps of $1.62 in 2018, as determined by the industry’s leading performance growth. We have chosen the same stock listings in a stock, and will not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, as a result of, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.