The company's depth reports... the pharmaceutical bio-industry has been growing at a very high rate, and the medical outsourcing leader has been running the country.
It's recommended to cover Lee Ping-hoon for the first time.
The semi-annual report shows that the company's revenue of 18h1 amounted to $4.409 billion, an increase of 20.29 per cent in the same year; net profit on shareholders in listed companies amounted to $1,272 million, an increase of 71.31 per cent in the same year; and the deduction of Wang Xiaoqi.
2.267 billion yuan, or 19.52 per cent more than the previous year; net return to the mother of 981 million yuan, or 141.94 per cent more than the previous year; net gain to the non-mother of 563 million yuan; and net gain to the company of 0.94 yuan.
Meng Yung Wei leads the country with a strong R & D capability for leading companies, while expanding the R & D base. On the other hand, Investing in Innovative Medicines + In-depth Strategic Cooperation Model, helping
To provide information for the preparation of this report, S.E.L. has expanded its potential clients and increased the visibility and long-term sustainable development of its operations through early intervention and deep binding.
In addition, the corporate business model is becoming more rich, the customer base is decreasing from year to year, foreign clients are becoming more solid and expanding and domestic business is moving forward, the pharmaceutical outsourcing industry has a high profile and market demand is increasing from year to year. We look forward to the company's long-term future.
Research and development (R & D) investment continues to grow, and R & D capacity leads the country. Companies insist on technology-driven investment, and R & D investment continues to increase. 218 million yuan (+53.75 per cent) is spent on R & D, which rises to 4.03 per cent, while the intensity of R & D investment remains high.
Enhance R & D capacity, and R & D capacity to lead the country by providing clients with support for new drug discovery, integration of R & D and production, and open service technology and capacity platform services. Watch corporate innovation investments + in-depth strategic cooperation models.
In terms of strategic cooperation, a joint venture was set up with the Mayo Clinic in the United States to host China.
There is a wide range of equity incentives and a gradual improvement of the talent incentive mechanism. (1) There is a wide range of incentives. (2) The aim is to motivate core and technical teams for the long-term development of the company.
We look forward to a high rate of growth in the company ' s future performance, with a projected high rate of growth in net return (i) from 2018 to 2020, with good cost control during the period.
The company’s performance during the first half of the year continued to grow at a high rate. The 18h1 company registered a 20.29 per cent growth rate (which, when measured by the average remittance rate for the same period last year, was about 27.87 per cent), mainly due to the continued growth of the main business, the continuing growth of the current customer industry and the continuous expansion of new clients, with more than 800 new clients in each sector during the reporting period.
The increase in the net return was 71.31 per cent over the same period and the increase in income was due mainly to the increase in the fair value of the investment listed companies uniity biotechnology, inc. and the non-listed innovation companies huamedicine and adgeneinc. Of this, $432 million was accounted for in current gains and losses. The deduction of the non-mortality net gain was 32.30 per cent over the same period, and the increase was higher than the revenue growth rate.
Due mainly to a corresponding increase in the profitability of the firm ' s steady growth in its main business operations, while a period of lower cost increases during which cost controls were good, while a slight decline in the Maori rate was good and a slight decline in the Maori rate. At the cost end, expenditure controls were good during the reporting period.
As a result, most of the company’s operating income is generated overseas and denominated in United States dollars, the exchange rate of the United States dollar against the renminbi fluctuated between 6.2 and 6.5 in January and the beginning of June 18, and during the same period last year it fluctuated at about 6.8. If measured at the average exchange rate for the same period last year, 18h1 Māori and operating costs resulted in increased operating costs, which in turn affected Māori rates. (See changes in the rates of Māori or Māori in the business segments.)
(ii) Bright business performance in the lead business in the future and long-term sustainable development 1. Strong corporate business performance and high growth during the reporting period
The company ' s main business performed well and achieved high growth during the reporting period. 2018h1 achieved major operating income of $4,403 million (+20.88 per cent), combined Māori of $1,767 million (+11.08 per cent), which, if measured at the average exchange rate for the same period last year, grew by 27.87 per cent over the same period and Māori over the same period for the main business of 25.14 per cent over the same period.
This is due mainly to the fact that, on the one hand, existing client relationships have been consolidated and maintained and the volume of existing clients has been increasing; on the other hand, the growth of new clients has been sustained, with more than 800 new clients added to the company ' s portfolio during the reporting period. Of this amount, cro achieved income of $3.194 billion, representing 72.43 per cent, Māori $1,272 million and Māori 72 per cent, which is the main source of corporate revenue.
(a) The income from laboratory services in the Chinese district was predominantly United States dollar (about 65%) and the average exchange rate between the United States dollar and the renminbi was higher than during the same period last year. Meanwhile, the Chinese district laboratory services made a series of advances during the reporting period: one small molecular compound discovery service provider
During the reporting period, the company completed the declaration of clinical trials for eight research new drug (ind) projects and obtained eight clinical trial batches (cta) for the same purpose, accounting for about 16% of the total number of new drug declarations for the same type in the country. By 2018.6.30, the company had cumulatively completed the ind declaration for 36 projects for the domestic pharmaceutical firm and 25 projects for the same period.
During the reporting period, the company received $16.8 million in the second milestone in the transfer of international development interests in the Hepatitis B Hepatitis B group.2 With regard to drug analysis and testing services, the company continued to promote pre-clinical development and integration of declarations during the reporting period.
In addition, during the reporting period, companies increased their investment in the launch of the Dna Coding Pool for Drug Screening Capacity Platform, which is expected to further accelerate the development of major new drugs in the future. Figure 3: Corporate ind declarations and cta approvals (up to 2018.6.30)
(b) U.S. district laboratory services, with an increase of 5.85 per cent in revenue over the year. The Māori rate is 22.93 per cent, mainly due to increased corporate investment in precision medicine (cell therapy and gene therapy) operations, which resulted in higher operating costs for the business plate, resulting in lower profits during the reporting period.
The breakdown shows an increase in revenues during the reporting period in the production services of precision medical research and development, which provided services to 24 clinical i-programmes and 7 clinical ii-iii projects, but is still in capacity-building and capacity-building.
The outsourcing strategy and the completion of a one-off short-term large project in the same period last year. We believe that cell therapy and gene therapy have not been developed with good prospects and that, with the future release and utilization of precision medical services, the company’s performance in the United States is expected to be c) clinical research and other co-services.
The rapid development of the pilot market and the significant increase in the volume and capacity of the company’s clinical coro and smo services. Māori $564.47 (+35.52%) and Māori slightly less than the rate of income increase are due to increased human costs, including the recruitment of more experienced PB project managers.
Clinical centre management services are provided in 600 hospitals in nearly 100 cities throughout the country. (2) cmo/cdmo operations measure an increase of 35.48% in income over the year, mainly due to increases in income from clinical iii and commercialization projects.
On the other hand, 218q1 all-United States branch added a new gmp pilot production service, with an initial higher input but a higher capacity uphill and a higher related operating cost. During the reporting period, the company ' s cmo/cdmo operations implemented 484 projects in the pre-clinical and clinical stage and 90 in the clinical phase.
In addition, in June 2018, the company helped Gonorrhea C, the new hepatitis C drug in the gory medicine industry, to be marketed in the country and to be approved for the first innovative drug under the mah (mah) system for China's listing holders.
The whole industry has one of the world’s largest and most powerful R & D teams that can provide integrated services to domestic and international clients from pre-clinical process development, trial production, process validation, and commercial production.
Figure 4: Statistics on company cmo/cdmo operations in 2018h1 2. Corporate business models are rich, client concentration is decreasing year by year, corporate business patterns are increasing and client concentration is decreasing year by year.
New pharmaceutical research, including screening of lead compounds, pre-clinical research, clinical trials, optimization of structural scale production, one-stop service for production, and, on the other hand, a full range of services from scientific innovation to product research and development for start-up pharmaceutical research companies and even individual scientists. As corporate business models are enriched, client concentration is reduced from year to year, and resistance is reduced.
Foreign clients have been further consolidated, domestic operations have been gradually expanded, and domestic operations have been gradually enhanced. By client region, foreign operations (the United States, Europe, Asia except China) generated $6,078 million (+24.22 per cent) in 2017, representing a share of income.
To strengthen and expand the United States and European markets to serve the international giants Johnson, Mossadung, Glassowschuck, Rhodes, Pfizer and others, and to further strengthen foreign customer relations; to step up domestic operations and sustain their efforts in the domestic market, and to develop and develop productive bases in Tianjin, Chengdu, Guangdong and Su States, and to deepen and strengthen their interaction with domestic clients.
4. The high profile of the pharmaceutical outsourcing industry, the growing demand for markets over the years, the high profile of the pharmaceutical outsourcing industry and the growing demand for markets over the years.
More than 50% of the world’s pharmaceutical companies have now chosen to hire professionals to assist with new drug research and development services in order to reduce their own research and development costs and to control risk of future external recruitment of cro is expected to increase. According to the South, the global market for cro is projected to be $34.39 billion in 2017, and 2022 in 2017.
Growth: On the other hand, the country will achieve cross-cutting growth in the coro sector as a result of recent domestic policy dividends in the pharmaceutical sector and growing domestic demand in the market. According to forecasts by relevant institutions such as the South, China’s coro market pattern reached $8.35 billion in 2017, $20.17 billion in 2022, and cagr in 2017-2022 was about 19.3 per cent globally.
The global cmo/cdmo market will grow further rapidly. According to the South, the global cmo/cdmo market is projected to be $5.831 billion in 2017, over $102.06 billion in 2022 and capr in 2017-2022.
Late in this area, but our cmo/cdmo industry has played an increasingly important role in the context of the development of new medicines and the introduction of the mah (mah) system by China, which has been spearheaded by large international pharmaceutical companies. According to forecasts by relevant institutions such as the South, China’s cmo/cdmo market reached $4.75 billion in 2017 and will reach $11.64 billion in 2022.
Cagr, 2017-2022, is about 19.6 per cent, and we believe that the growing demand for the market for medical outsourcing, with companies as leading medical outsourcing companies, is expected to continue to grow at a high rate in the future. (iii) Sustained growth in R & D inputs and the ability of R & D to take the lead in the country
The firm insists on technology-driven and on increasing R & D inputs. The firm insists on technology-driven and on increasing R & D inputs. The R & D investment of 2018h1 company is $178 million (+53.75 per cent), the R & D cost/business income ratio has increased to 4.03 per cent, and the R & D input intensity has remained high.
Research and development (R & D) has continued to grow rapidly, increasing to 11721 by the end of 17 years, representing a high proportion of the total workforce.
Support for the production of integrated, open-service technology and capacity-based platform services. A series of research and development developments were made during the reporting period. With respect to cro operations, 2018h1 helpers completed eight research new drug ind declarations and obtained eight clinical batches, representing 16 per cent of the country ' s declarations of new drugs of the same kind. As of 2018.6.30, 36 project ind declarations had been accumulated.
In its operations, cmo/cdmo implements 484 projects, 90 projects during the clinical phase, 39 projects during the clinical phase and 13 project varieties that are already on the market in the order being executed. In addition, companies make full use of external resources, funds and technology.
Capacity, focusing on research and development activities such as the dna coded compound bank, synthetic chemical ai/mechanical learning, new pharmacological studies and animal modelling, research on new process synthesis technologies, etc. We believe that companies, as the cro leading companies in the national chain of research and development of new medicines, are investing continuously in research and development
It will ensure the sustainable development of the company, the development of research and development capabilities in the country will help to maintain the industry ' s leading edge, consolidate the vanguard of (iv) investment in innovation + deep strategic cooperation, and enable long-term sustainable development of the company.
The company’s main investors are Pharmatech Healthcarefund Phase 1 (p.) and Capital Holdings (wuxihealthcaresl.p.), which manage two dollar funds totalling more than $350 million, which have invested in such excellent enterprises as the State of Pati during the reporting period.
Listed companies, unitybiotechnology, inc. and non-listed pharmaceutical innovation companies, Humedicine and adage inc. have generated $432 million, which has contributed significantly to the increase in the net return to mothers. In addition, 2018h1 continues to make progress in investing in innovative medicines, investing successively in the field of oncological treatment research and development.
Biosciences and unitybiotechnology in the field of geriatric treatment. We believe that companies actively promote innovative drug-related investments, which can benefit greatly from market-based exits or milestone payments, on the one hand, and, on the other hand, by investing in innovative pharmaceutical companies to increase their medical outsourcing operations, to achieve early intervention and depth of quality projects and to invest in them.
Strengthen in-depth strategic cooperation at the global level to help sustain steady growth in corporate operations Establish in-depth strategic partnerships with global clients to promote steady and sustained growth in corporate operations.
The company’s global clients include not only major international pharmaceutical companies, but also new and innovative drug research and development companies, as well as individual scientists, and contribute to the steady growth of corporate business through deep strategic partnerships. During the reporting period, the company and the United States of America contributed to the steady growth of corporate business.
We believe that this time a joint venture with the Mayo Clinic will be authorized to provide the testing services developed by Mayo for Chinese hospitals, health-care providers and patients, and that the help company’s diagnostics will gradually mature.
In August 1818, the company introduced a restrictive stock and equity incentive programme, which is proposed to award 8.8569 million shares, or approximately 1.7714 million shares, or 20 per cent of the total award.
A total of 1528 persons, or 10.37% of the total number of companies, were targeted, including company directors, top managers, middle management, and the individual release factor based on performance assessment. Our understanding of this equity incentive is as follows: (1) The range of incentives is wide. The total number of incentives is 1528, or 10.37% of the total number of companies, and the range of incentives covers company directors, directors and directors.
Senior managers, middle-level managers, technical cadres, grass-roots managers, technicians, etc., have a wide range of incentives. (2) The aim is to motivate core and technical teams, improve operational efficiency, and help retain and attract excellence for the long-term development of the company.
The completion of the performance appraisal is an approximate event, which is actually aimed at retaining and attracting excellence, tying the personal interests of the core team and the technical team to the development of the company, thereby stimulating motivation and increasing operational efficiency. It also shows the public that the company’s focus on talent helps attract more talent. (3) Equity incentive amortization costs have an impact on performance.
Less. Assuming that this restricted share is awarded in September, the release of the share of amortized costs corresponding to the first portion of this restricted share in 2018-2021 would be much greater than the increase in amortization costs. Table 4: Discharge of terms and arrangements for this equity incentive programme
Table 5: For the first time in this equity incentive program, a portion of the corresponding amortization costs was awarded The company's semi-annual performance has been growing at a high rate, and we are looking forward to its future development. The company is an absolute leader in the field of domestic medicine outsourcing, with an international leader in open, comprehensive and integrated new drug research and development services.
The company's strong R & D capabilities in the country, the launch of a Dna coded compound bank to enhance drug screening capabilities, the expansion of research and development bases in the United States into precision medical projects, and the active layout of production bases in Tianjin, Chengdu, Kaidong, Suzhou, among others, have helped to continuously upgrade the platform's technical capacity to help clients improve R & D efficiency and develop clinical projects.
On the other hand, we look forward to the model of Innovative Medicine Investment + Deep Strategic Cooperation, the investment of Innovative Medicines, the creation of a joint venture division with Meow, etc., which helps companies to reach out to potential clients, and is expected to increase their project stocks by early intervention, deep binding, and high customer stickyness. In addition, the pharmaceutical outsourcing industry has a high profile, growing market demand, and companies are expected to lead the industry.
Towards a high-growth phase. Overall, the strategic layout of corporate integration continues to evolve, and we see the future performance of companies. Competition in the industry increases the risk: the risk of loss of core skilled personnel: the risk of friction in international trade.