Cheuk Shengwai (300782); rapid increase in the number of models, year of the launch of the Fablite, annual report 2021 and one quarterly report 2022: the year 2021.
The net profit from the return was 2,135 million yuan, an increase of 88.26 per cent; the operating income of q1 was 1.33 billion yuan in 2022, an increase of 65.95 per cent in the same year; and the income of q1 q1 q1 q1 q1 q1 q1 was counter-market growth in the same year.
By product, radio frequency separation devices and radio frequency modules were collected in 2021, with 55,52 per cent of radio frequency separation devices and 55,52 per cent of radio frequency modules, respectively, and seasonality in the radio frequency front-end chip industry, usually with relative sales in the second half of the year.
High, hit in 2021 by a complex and volatile international political situation and a new crown outbreak, and a panic reserve for downstream manufacturers led to seasonal anomalies during the quarter. The high base of q1 in 2021 and the weak demand for q1 downstream in 2022, the new crown.
When the epidemic caused the closure of the city to affect logistics, corporate revenue continued to rise in the same proportion.
By the end of 2021, the cumulative sales of the company's radio-frequency front end chips and modular products were close to 26 billion, and as the first home company to launch the receiving end radio-frequency module system, it had received the approval of a large number of well-known smartphone branders.
It was decided, and it entered into the supply chain system to become the main supplier, that in 2021 the company would receive the advance of the previous configuration of the company's radio-frequency filter construction project, and that the company would make further breakthroughs and open a wider development space in the field of the receiving end model cluster.
In 2021, the company launched a major collection of dispatch and distribution module products for the 5gnr band, i-pamif, which has already produced a large volume of goods for brand clients, with a cumulative sales volume of q1 in 2022, close to 6 million.
The complete matrix of the front-end product lines of the radio frequency and, by taking advantage of the synergies of the various types of products at the front-end of the radio frequency, accelerates the growth of the company’s track in the front-end field of the radio frequency.
The 6-inch filter crystal circle production line in the company ' s layout in 2021 has been phased in and is in the commissioning phase, with full construction expected in June 2022, and the initial product is expected to enter the production phase in the second quarter of 2022, with capacity projected
By the end of 2022, crystal-crystal production is expected to reach between 1 and 13 thousand metres per month, with a matching size of crystal-crystal envelopes being achieved simultaneously.
(c) Design R & D and process technology R & D are highly compatible and market-based needs are quickly captured to further optimize the whole industry chain of products and to safeguard the ability of companies to produce.
Autonomously controlled, 2022 will be the beginning of a company’s transition from a workables model to a fab-lite model. Industry downside risks, new product R & D less than expected, production lines
• The Electronics Group presented Mao Jianxian: three years of US semiconductor company work experience in the world.
Master of Arts in Integrated Circuit Design, Nanyang Polytechnic University, Singapore.
I will not receive any form of compensation either directly or indirectly because I did not, nor because I did not receive any form of compensation for the specific suggestions or opinions in this report.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.