1022 with a high level of income innovation, bulk delivery from the main collection of send-and-over modules, Shinko Halfconductor.
In 2021, net profit from maternity rose by 99%, and income innovation from 1q22 was high. The company collected $4,634 million in 21 (Yoy66%), net profit from maternity (2,135 million (Yoy99%) and net profit from non-mortality (1,939 million) (Yoy huhui2@guosen.com.cn)
In 2021, the company earned 3,352 million yuan (Yoy36%) in radio frequency separation devices.
The main collection of distribution module products in the 5gnr band, l-pamif, has already produced a large volume of goods for brand clients, with a cumulative sales volume of nearly 6 million. By taking advantage of the synergies between the various types of products at the front end of the radio frequency, corporate technical barriers are expected to continue to be strengthened, and applications will range from smartphones to telecommunications bases.
The business model is overstretched from fables to fab-lite, where self-built filter production lines are expected to reach production levels of 2022. The company’s dynamic layout of the Fab-lite business model, which builds filter crystal production and radio frequency module encapsulation
Pilot production line, $2.858 billion in cash on purchases of fixed assets, etc. in 2021, and 1022 continue to spend current steps to match the size of the crystal-circle encapsulation capacity. As the company’s Fab-lite business model stabilizes,
Camp, which will comprehensively upgrade corporate synergies and strengthen autonomous control over the various links in the industrial chain, will enhance the market position of the company from the perspective of the new performance forecast for the 3-quarterly report, Chewie-300782-2021: radio frequency chip taps, continuous product technology and process development, industrial chain synergies, product delivery, etc.
Investment proposal: Self-build filtering lines will enhance the competitiveness of companies and maintain the “buy-in” rating.
Shao Seung Wei - 300782 - Dynamics Review: Semiconductor Dragon Series: Hundreds of Billion Track Radio-Ray Rope Platform, self-built filter production lines will enhance competitiveness and maintain a “buy-in” rating.
Figure 3: Net corporate return profits and growth rates, Figure 4: Quality of corporate profits, Figure 5: Single-season revenues and growth rates of companies
Figure 6: Company single-season net profit return and rate of increase, Figure 7: Māori rate of the company, changes in net interest rate, Figure 8: Main rates of the company
Figure 9: Quarterly Māori rates for companies, net interest rates, Figure 10: Quarterly rates for companies The author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion,
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author