Long-power technology (600584), electronic control tap, ready for launch, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
• China’s sealing industry’s leading business, with a new board of directors, injects new energy. Long-power technology is the world’s third largest sealing enterprise, with the largest number of cities in the country. Its main business is an encapsulation test of integrated circuits and separate devices, covering the world’s major semiconductor markets, and is constantly approaching leading international firms in advanced containment technologies.
In April 2019, the company changed its board of directors for the seventh time, and two of the non-independent directors came from China Point International, together with the company’s second-largest shareholder, the Cycetic Semiconductor, as the Cycenic International. Two factors contributed to the company’s concerted development with China Point International.
The company's former Senior Vice-President and President of the Great China District, Enchipo, will be re-emerging with 30 years of experience in long-term electricity and technology in integrated circuits.
The advent of the 5g era, the acceptance of the frequency of mobile ends is a great test, and the fine-tuning and modular development of the front end of the radio frequency has created huge market demand for the sealing industry. The need for multifunctional, low-cost, small size networks has also led to the need for sip and fan-out.
From 2018 to 2024, it is expected that companies with advanced containment technologies will continue to benefit as domestic anchor companies. Industrial funds will help accelerate integration, and are expected to move to a peak.
The company’s participation has been successful in expanding the size of the company and has led to a significant increase in the company’s global market share, from 3.9 to 10 per cent, reaching 13 per cent in 2018. Currently, 85 per cent of the top 20 semiconductor companies in the world are company clients.
We value the company mainly by reference to pb and ps valuation methods, regardless of historical valuation of water.
Ping, or the company’s pb and ps levels are currently at a relatively low level compared to the industry’s companies, and we see that the company, as the home-grown pole of growth, covers for the first time and gives an “enhanced” rating. The risk that the project will fail to produce as expected; the risk that downstream demand will fall short of expectations; and the risk of exchange rate fluctuations.
One focused on chip sealing, covering the world's major semiconductor markets. Long electrotech was established in 1972 and successfully placed on the board in 2003. After more than 40 years of development, long electrons have become a world-renowned integrated circuit encapsulation test company.
There is a wide range of professional production services, technology accumulation and solutions. Long-electric technology production, R & D, and marketing networks already cover major semiconductor markets around the world. Long-electric technology offers a global range of specialized production services for encapsulation design, product development and certification, as well as for measuring, encapsulating, testing and exporting finished products from chips.
Long-electric technology has a wide range of technological accumulation and product solutions, including fun-outewlb, wlcsp, bump, pop, fcbga, sip, pa, etc., with autonomous intellectual property rights (IPRs), as well as line frame covers and separate devices with autonomous brands.
According to the company announcement, on 25 April 2019, the company held the twenty-third meeting of the sixth board of directors and held a new election for the board of directors. The list of nominations for the board of directors changed considerably, with three of the six non-independent directors added to the list.
After the change of office, the company’s seventh board of directors consisted of two members from China Hari International, while the second largest shareholder of the department’s new single-and-half-conductor is also an all-embracing Sino-Chryshaw International subsidiary, which will facilitate the development of synergies between the two.
Lee Chun-hsing was appointed CEO of the company (ceo). At the second interim meeting of the seventh board of directors on 9 September 2019, Li Chun-hsing resigned from the position of director and ceo of the company and assumed only the position of Chief Technical Officer (cto).
Mr. Li, former Senior Vice-President and President of the Great China District, Njiura, has been working on the integrated circuit industry for over 26 years. Serving a number of senior management positions, including the President and Chief Executive Officer of Reza, E-China and Hong Kong, and the President and Chief Executive Officer of Japan, E-China and Hong Kong, are well aware of the specific needs of the Chinese market for semiconductor products.
In August 2018, the company implemented a non-public distribution of a share, targeted an increase of 243 million shares, and raised funds.
The acquisition strategy is well structured, and the advantages of industrial chain cooperation are highlighted. In 2015, long power technology completed a snake-bumping cross-border M&A. At the beginning of the year, long power technology announced the acquisition of the fourth largest star-guiding industry in the world.
On this basis, a cooperative company was established with the Industrial Fund. The company was then established with $140 million in equity-funded loans and production-based loans of $520 million to establish the acquisition company Jcet-sc (Singapore).
On the basis of US$ 660 million in funding, China’s bank loan commitment of US$ 120 million was taken up, with 780 million in final acquisition funds, and the advanced containment technology at the top of the chain of 780 million, which has greatly improved the state-of-the-art containment technology of long-power technologies. In the areas of eewlb, Tsv, 3d envelopes, sip, pip, pop, etc., HSKK is providing top international and high-end customers.
One of the fastest growing niche markets in the semiconductor industry is the long electrotechnology wlcsp, bump, and Starcomb, which allows for seamless processing of multiple silicon-specific siliconses on the same line of life, bringing unprecedented flexibility and high-value sealing services.
In addition, the system integration (sip) technology owned by HSKP is the dominant technology in the new generation of mobile smart terminal circuit seals, a high-growth engine for the company’s business in the coming years. Long-power technology has expanded its business base after the acquisition, and production capacity has covered low-high-school integrated circuit containment.
The business covers all high-end customers, both domestic and foreign, including high-speed, Botun, Sandisk, marvell, etc. Starcomb and U.S. customers account for 79% of their annual operating income, and long electricity, in cooperation with high-end domestic customers such as Haeth, Exhibition, and R.D.C., are the first suppliers in the country.
In terms of market share rankings in recent years, the competitive pattern of the global chip-testing market has been largely formed, with leading firms occupying major market shares at 57.7 per cent of the world ' s top three largest firms in 2018.
Integrated circuits are at the heart of the entire semiconductor industry because of the complexity of its technology, the highly specialized nature of its structure, which can be broken down into three sub-sectors: integrated circuit design, integrated circuit manufacturing and encapsulation testing, and the semiconductor sealing of long-powers, which, according to sia, had a total annual sales value of $468.8 billion for the global semiconductor market in 2018, up from 2017.
13.7 per cent of the Central American market grew by 16.4 per cent, the European market by 12.1 per cent, the Asia-Pacific and other regions by 6.1 per cent, the Japanese by 9.2 per cent, and the Chinese market by 20.5 per cent. According to China ' s semiconductor industry association, in 2018, China ' s integrated circuit industry sold 653.2 billion yuan, or 20.7 per cent, of which the integrated circuit manufacturing sector grew by 25.6 per cent.
Sales amounted to RMB 1,818,200 million, with the design and seal industries growing by 21.5 per cent and 16.1 per cent, respectively, and sales, with the growth of mobile smart terminals such as artificial intelligence, 5g communications, automobiles, consumer electronics and the Internet, the demand for integrated circuit industry development will also grow, and market demand for the sealing industry has been rising year after year since 2012.
The Government attaches great importance to and supports the development of integrated circuits, which are supported by investments in capital from all over the country, as well as from all sectors of the population. The sealing of the industry has opened up important development opportunities.
1) Sip increases the internal integration of the encapsulation and creates a high performance low-power chip sip module as a fully functional system or subsystem that integrates one or more of the ic chips and passive components into one envelope, thereby achieving a basic complete function.
Currently, the semiconductor manufacturing process has reached the physical limits of the diode, and as input costs increase, the more expensive it is to lift a chip. Sip, by increasing the internal integrity of the envelopes, will put different cores in a module that reduces the size of the chip, enhances its performance and reduces its power.
Figure 10: Applewatchs1sip module iot (internetofthings) is an important application for the development of sip wrapping technology, ready to be worn in the field of potential future applications of system-level wrapping technology, fingerprint recognition sensors in the applewatch, 3d face
Functional modules such as recognition sensors, wifi wireless circuits, etc., have been enclosed, using the Sunlight system encapsulation (sip) module technology, to successfully integrate integrated circuits, separation devices, optical devices, memory, multilayers of ceramic capacitors, fragmentary resistance units into a light, small base plate, without interference with each other's information.
At the same time, the advent of the 5g era will redefine how the front end of the radio frequency interacts between the network and the modem. This directly affects the semiconductor and the advanced containment industry. Because smartphones will have more and more devices in the front end of the radio frequency chip, more and more companies will choose to solve the problem by using the sip technology. According to Yole data, the first end of the radio frequency is 2023.
In the year, the front end of radiosip market for cellular and connectivity will account for 82% and 18% of the market, respectively. The front end module supporting 5g will account for 28% of the 2023 rfsip market total according to cellular air standards. High-end smartphones contribute 43% of the front end of radiosip assembly market, followed by low-end smart phones (35%) and flagship smartphones (13%).
At the same time, idm, foundry and the sealer are currently producing most of their output in crystal round production using advanced containment technology. So, now, and even in the future, the sip chip at the front end of the radio frequency will be more in the hands of the sealer, which is also due to the high input burden that the technology places on the assembly technology, which makes most of the manufacturers prefer to outsource it.
2)fan-out: The evolution of containment technology during the 5g chip era. Crystal circle sealing (waferlevelpackage, wlp) means the completion of most or even all of the encapsulation and testing processes directly on the crystal circle, then cutting them into a single component.
The design of the film is considered in conjunction with the design of the encapsulation, which improves its efficiency. A wide range of applications have been implemented, including flash storage, high-speed dram, sram logical devices, power management and simulation devices.fan-out is one of the wlp, split into fan-in and fan-out, and traditional wlp uses mostly fan-in.
With the advent of the 5g era, in order to gain a higher rate of data mass transmission and tolerance, a higher frequency of electromagnetic waves is required as transmission mediums, and the wavelength is shorter into the millimetre wave level. Fan-out becomes a much lower-cost, advanced envelope option, which basically narrows the components that could have been found on pcb and places all the components in one envelope.
The fan-out package does not require a base plate, which can further reduce the cost and size of the chip based on the integration of multiple chips, so fan-out is expected to become the dominant technology for the 5g chip envelope. In 2015, the Fan-out market was in a state of initiality, consisting mainly of standard equipment such as bb, rf, and pmu.
The market value increased fourfold in 2018. At present, Fan-out is the fastest growing market, with a 25% annual compound growth rate, and Fan-out will have nearly $3.8 billion of market capacity in its full year.
Currently, long-electric technology products are qfn/dfn, bga/lga, fcbga/lga, fcol, cip, wlcsp, bumping, mems, fan-outewlb, pop, pip and traditional wrap-ups, sot, dup, to, among others. Products are used mainly in computers, network communications, consumer electronics and smart mobile terminals, industrial automation control, electricity.
Sources management, electronics of cars, etc., electronic wholes, and smarts. For sealing firms, an increase in the value of 5g radio frequency terminals and 5g cell phone sip containment technology will benefit in the short term.
The target is consumer electronics such as mobile phones, and future new demand depends mainly on the production of 5g, the Internet, the ai, and other downstream applications.
Mainly as a result of the acquisition of the strategic value of Starcomb, both the Ministry and its subsidiaries are operating well, and long power is returning to a better level of water in history. The stabilization period began in 2017, with a revenue of $23,860 million in 2018, the same level as the previous year, mainly due to the complex external environment of the company, increasing trade friction between China and the United States, large fluctuations in the digital currency market, and weak growth of 4g mobile phones.
As we look forward to it, the global decline in the volume of 4g smartphones and the delay in some customer-controlled stocks have led to an underutilization of production capacity. In 2018, net corporate returns fell significantly to $940 million due to impairment of assets, and in the same year the decline in goodwill readiness and bad net profits of mothers continued to fall by $260 million, mainly because of a larger sales-by-year decline and a corresponding decline in operating profits.
With the resumption of production capacity in Starcombing, the Māori rate has gradually stabilized and the downward trend has been mitigated, with 11.4 per cent in 2018. The Māori rate declined slightly to 9.3 per cent in the first half of the year, mainly due to market factors, falling orders, low capacity utilization leading to a decline in Māori and lower profit levels, while net interest rates have declined overall throughout the year.
Research and development (R & D) investment has been rising year by year, and in 2016-2018, R & D expenditure was $64, 780 million and 890 million, respectively, and R & D cost rates have been rising year by year.The companies have two major R & D centres in China and Singapore, with “high-density integrated circuit containment national engineering laboratories” and “doctor”
Research and development platforms such as post-research workstations, “National Enterprise Technology Centers”: 201 patents granted to companies in 2018, 195 new patent applications covering medium- and high-end areas of containment.4 Deep-deep-dry chip containment is the leading industry.
The main operation of the long-electric technology is the encapsulation and testing of integrated circuits, separate devices: a set of semiconductor encapsulation test solutions covering interior and offshore customers, design, welding, needle exploration, assembly, testing, distribution, etc. The company currently produces mainly qfn/dfn/bga/lga, fcbga/lga, fcol, sip, wlcsp, bumping, mems, etc.
The products should be used mainly in the areas of computers, network communications, consumer electronics and smart mobile terminals, industrial automation controls, power management, automobile electronics, etc.
More than 95% of the revenue from long-power technology comes from sealing operations, and the ratio is on the rise, indicating the company’s leading advantage in continuing to strengthen advanced containment testing techniques. In December 2018, the company stripped off the separateware self-distribution business and stopped doing chip design, manufacturing, and self-distribution operations, concentrating the company’s business entirely on integrated electricity.
The companies will also continue to enhance the development of front-line containment technology to meet the needs of their customers and prepare for applications in emerging markets. Long-power technology is currently in advanced containment technology (e.g., Fan-outewlb, wlcsp, sip, bump, pop).
The company's market share of global sealers was ranked in China and Singapore in 2018, with research and development platforms such as the National Engineering Laboratory for high-density integrated circuit containment, the Post-Doctoral Research Workstation, and the National Enterprise Technology Centre: with experienced research and development teams.
As of the first half of 2019, the number of patents on long-power technology was 37,35, of which 2,889 were patents (1,812 patents in the United States) covering medium- and high-end areas of containment. Compared to this, sales abroad are still dominant.
Assumption 1: The Department ' s priority client outreach is steady, the process reform is steady, the personnel are stable, and for the next three: the high priority clients of long power are continuing to make breakthroughs, the Fan-in and Fan-outecp are entering bulk production, contributing to major increases, maintaining a steady 10 per cent increase in the order volume over the next three years;
Assumption 3: steady progress in the integration of S.S. goldbon, smooth coordinated imports of 4.5g and 5g strategic clients, consistent with the previous year in 2019 and 5% and 10% growth in the order volume with 5g in 2020 and 2021; and continued loss of S.S. goldbon as management changes bring about efficiency gains in the integration;
Assumption 4: Long Power Korea, mainly in high-sip product encapsulation tests, benefits from increased customer demand, fixed for the next three years, with a steady 5% increase in volume: Assumption 5: with warmer industry demand and large client turn orders in the second half of the year, the company is able to produce its full capacity, while Starcomb is at the same time at the same time
Management strategy adjustments have led to improvements in business efficiency, with a steady increase in the Māori closure rate of companies expected to continue over the next three years, respectively, assuming that: the company achieved a reversal of its losses in 2019 as a result of the impact of China's turnbill and the continued loss of Singapore Gold Plum; capital expenditure continued to increase as a result of the construction of 5g in 2020 and 2021, and the company achieved high performance rates as the largest beneficiary of China's national turn-over.
Each year and 2019h1, there is a certain level of loss, the current level of profit during the consolidation period does not fully reflect the value of the company, and the pe level is of little relevance to the valuation method. So we value the company mainly by reference to the pb valuation method and the ps valuation method, and the current levels of pb and ps are at a relatively low level, both in terms of historical valuation levels and in comparison with the industry companies.
At this level, we believe that the company still has the space to grow as a domestic seal, covering for the first time, with an “enhanced” rating, figure 24: the company's commercialization process of psband 1) 5g in the last 10 years is not as risky as expected;
2. Risks of less than expected integration; risk of less than expected completion of the fund-raising project; risk of less than expected downstream demand; risk of exchange rate fluctuations;
5. No direct or indirect compensation for exchange rate fluctuations has not been obtained as a result of, and will not be obtained as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report, and Southwest Securities Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “MSC”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.