Retail transition continues, asset quality pressures remain in place 30 August 2019: in recent days, CKB recently released its performance for the first half of 2019, the company achieved business income of $9.3150 billion during the reporting period, an increase of 14.93 per cent over the same period: belonging to the parent company
The \triangleright loan size and the rapid expansion of financial investments, the rapid increase in deposits and the small recovery in net interest differentials were the main reasons for the faster growth in corporate income in the first half of the year.
During the year, net corporate interest income amounted to 61.4 per cent, down 0.1 percentage points from the same period last year. Compared to the same period last year, loans contributed nearly 80 per cent of the additional interest income. On the one hand, companies continued to restructure their assets and increase their lending efforts. By the end of June, corporate loans had increased by 12.8 per cent compared to their total assets by 10.2 per cent.
Increased financial investment, especially the allocation of non-target assets, increased by 28.7% on a year-to-year basis, and the contribution of equity equity schemes, measured at amortized costs, increased as a result of increased peer competition, higher market-based deposits and higher corporate deposits, but the average cost of deposits increased by 10.54% from the beginning of the year.
During the same period of the year, the company increased its poor disposal and provision, resulting in net profits growing at a rate less than 5 percentage points. In the first half of the year, the company further increased its non-performing lending service \triangleright
In the first half of the year, losses on corporate credit and other assets amounted to $34.190 billion, an increase of $8.03 billion, or 30.7 per cent, including losses of $33.60 billion on loans and advances, an increase of $9.98 billion, and a slight increase in loan-led coverage and lending rates compared with the beginning of the year.
In spite of the decline, asset quality pressures remain high. The company’s negative rate at the end of the second quarter was 1.72%, the same as in the first quarter, which was 5 bp lower than at the beginning of the year, but the negative net production rate for the second quarter was 1.78%, with an increase in the ring by 54 bp. In the context of macroeconomic pressure, the quality of corporate assets remained under pressure in the second half of the year.
The pressure on public loans is relatively high, with a negative rate rising from 3 bp to 2.64 per cent at the beginning of the year, and a high rate of manufacturing, rising from 16 bp to 7.50 per cent at the beginning of the year.
However, the company has actively adjusted its credit structure to deal with this situation. First, it has continued its retail transformation and increased its retail credit lending, which rose by 1.81 percentage points at the beginning of the year, and secondly, it has reduced the share of the manufacturing and real estate sectors where risks are rising in terms of public loans, and has increased the allocation of low-risk sectors such as infrastructure, leasing and commercial services.
Eighty-nine per cent, with stricter criteria for adverse identification; risk factors: 1; macroeconomic growth at a slower rate than expected, affecting asset quality; 2; excessive cost increases, affecting profit levels. \triangleright
This report has been prepared and published by the CVM. This report is a unique research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVS, providing support and reference for investment decisions for this group of clients, with strict mutual agreement on rights and obligations. This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not open to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of securities or investment objects should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. At different times, or through the use of different assumptions and criteria, different perspectives and analytical methods have led to the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which special notice may not be given.