Retail transformation has continued, and asset quality has intensified further, and as structural adjustment has been put in place, the size of the Sino-Tribunal assets has been steadily expanding. Companies have been investing in the transformation of retail business in recent years, increasing retail block contributions, retail customer size and assets.
Management is growing on a growing scale, while companies strengthen public and retail linkages. Companies increased their exposure to and disposal of high risks in 2018, with poor one-time digestion of bad scissors, further tightening asset quality.
Ending the scale-up of structural assets has grown steadily, pushing forward the strategy of three carriages and driving together. In 2017, with an ambitious economy, regulatory influence, a company entering a phase of financial restructuring, and as structural adjustment progresses.
In recent years, companies have invested in the transformation of retail operations, the promotion of a “troika” of public, retail and financial market operations, and the respective pre-tax profit ratios for corporate banks, retail banks, and financial markets in 2018.
Retail transformations have been effective, with solid advances in the construction of the public stock. In mid-2018, IBS retailed more than 88.3 million customers, an increase of 22.65 per cent over the same year; retail sales aum exceeded $1.8 trillion, an annual increase of nearly $300 billion; credit card operations increased significantly, with credit card transactions exceeding $2 trillion.
The loan structure continues to tilt in favour of retail sales, which account for 42.9% of the total.
The quality of assets is further strengthened, with 40 billion long-term debt effectively replenishing capital. In 2018, the company increased exposure to and disposal of wind risks, a one-time poor digestion of bad scissors, a negative decline in loans more than 90 days overdue, to 92.4%, and a steady trend in the quality of corporate assets in the first quarter, with a negative rate of 5bp, accompanied by a provision.
The coverage ranged from 12.1 pct to 169.9% in 2018, and the resilience to risk has been strengthened. Companies have successfully released $40 billion in debt swaps during the quarter, while issuing announcements of no more than $40 billion in long-term debt, which, according to static estimates, will raise the first-level capital adequacy rate by about 80 bp and effectively replenish the first-level capital.
Sino-Soldier International Securities Inc. is qualified for portfolio investment consulting business.
The economy is over-expected and financial regulation is over-expected.