Businesses have been investing in the transformation of retail operations in recent years, the increased contribution of retail panels, the size of retail customers, and asset management.
It is growing in size, while companies strengthen their mechanisms for public-retail linkages. Given that companies value lower than average industry, have higher security margins, and maintain higher ratings.
The net profit from the first half of the year increased by 10.1 per cent on a year-on-year basis, largely in line with expectations, with a slight increase over the first quarter, mainly due to the increase in the investment return base during the same period last year, with net interest income increasing by 14.8 per cent, compared to the first quarter.
(Yoy) The absolute rate of growth remains high, with credit card, trusteeship, and agency growth continuing, and the effects of the retail transition gradually taking shape. A smooth middle of interest differentials, and credit structures continuing to tilt in favour of retailing
In the first half of the year, the difference was 1.96 per cent, and in the first half of the year, we measured the two quarters of the company at the end of the period. The difference was 1.89 per cent and the ring was an improvement of 3bp, although it should be noted that the cost of the company's deposits in the first half of the year resulted in an overall reduction in the cost of the company's debt on interest payments in the first half of the year from 2 bp to 2.46 per cent over 18 years, driving the improvement in the difference.
In the first half of the year, retail lending grew by 11 per cent compared to the beginning of the year, accounting for nearly 70 per cent of new lending and 3 per cent compared to the beginning of the year.
The negative rate ring continues and the write-off has increased, resulting in a low provision of 1.72 per cent at the end of the second quarter and a flat rate of the first quarter, with the company measuring an annual negative rate of 1.78 per cent for the first quarter of the second quarter and an increase of 54bp with an improvement of 200bp over the same year.
The level of funding for this impact has been further increased, with a slight downswing in the level of coverage and loan comparison points between Sino-China and Sino-Sino-Soldier International Securities Co. Ltd.
Qualified for portfolio investment consulting business, sensitisation, lucidity.
The first half of the year saw a 10.1% increase in net profit compared to the previous quarter, a slight increase of 1.4 percentage points over the first quarter. The first half of the year was 14.9% increase compared to 4.6 percentage points below the first quarter, mainly due to an increase in the investment return base over the same period last year, resulting in a net gain.
The success of the retail transition is reflected in the company’s continued dynamism in credit card and wealth management, which reached 34 per cent/45 per cent in 37 per cent, while the credit structure continued to tilt in favour of retailing to 3bp, although it is important to note that the cost of corporate deposits increased continuously in the first half of the year, from 18 bp to 2.06 per cent in the first half of the 1900’s.
We believe that this is related to the rapid increase in retail term deposits in 19 years, which was 23 per cent at the beginning of the year. However, as a result of the downside of the cost of corporate debt, the overall cost of the company’s interest-paying debt fell by 2 bp to 2.46 per cent in the first half of the year compared to 18 years, driving interest spreads.
The negative rate is continuing and the write-off has increased, resulting in a low level of write-off, a low rate of 1.72 per cent at the end of the 2nd quarter and a flat rate of 1.78 per cent at the end of the 1st quarter.
The ratio of loans to non-performing loans over Tianjin has been reduced by 4 percentage points to 89% at the end of 18 years, and the negative perception has become even more severe. The company has been steadily expanding its assets in the second quarter as the restructuring has been put in place.
The banks, as a pro-cyclical industry, have a strong correlation between corporate business development and economic development. An ambitious view of economic development affects the business and profitability of the real economy, thus affecting the asset quality performance of the banking sector.
Downwards, banks’ asset quality is at risk of deterioration, thus affecting their profitability. At present, US-American trade pulls saws, macroeconomic uncertainties, and, as a follow-up, economic dynamics need to be closely monitored.