Starwoo's share (601799): Autonomous headlights, deep-beneficial light upgrade trend 23 January 2019.
The company’s clients include a pop-up public, a toyota, a pop-up public, a pop-up general, a Chirí automobile, a cellular group, etc. 2013-2017.
During the year, corporate compound revenues grew by 21%, and net profit compound returns by 17%. In the first three quarters of 2018, companies achieved $3.724 billion, with clear competition patterns and core advantages for the Quaker Lights industry.
The lighting market is almost monopolized by giants like Marelli, Fareo, and Heila, with the top five in the industry accounting for more than 70% of the market. The domestic lighting industry shows “over a dozen company fundamentals” (update)
"A Super" refers to Chinese vision, "How strong" refers to domestic and foreign firms such as Guangzhou Stan Ray, Chang Chun Haira, Faleo City Light, and Starwoo shares. As the largest domestic domestic firm in the car-light industry, companies have a market share of about 8%.
With the advantage of excellent cost control and rapid customer responsiveness, companies are close to other joint ventures in terms of their market share, and are ranked first among the domestic firms.
There is a significant trend towards leding, and intelligence is the way forward. As car technology progresses, the led lights become a trend for future lights, based on a living advantage of compact structures, low energy consumption and light performance.
Gradually, high-end vehicles accelerate to medium- and low-end vehicles. At the same time, as the technology of the lights evolves, the smart lights move into the application phase, and the penetration rate starts to rise. We expect that by 2020, the market space for the light will reach $12.3 billion.
The market space for smart lights is expected to be more than $30 billion. The company has a lot of space to do with a led and a smart car light. The company's product is initially based on small lights, and it's mainly equipped with autonomous brands. As the company's customers keep on driving.
The company is now actively setting up the areas of led and smart lights and building new production bases to meet the demand for capacity. The company’s products are now gradually entering the joint branding complex.
The company’s share of the market is expected to increase further, with major customers coming into the new product cycle with a large number of new cars on the market and selling them. The quality, the light, is entering the led and the intelligent accelerated application phase.
For the first time, we covered the company’s “carefully recommended” investment rating. We were weak, and car sales dropped sharply; and (2) trade friction between China and the United States continued and continued to rise.
(c) The company focuses on the manufacture of car lamps and the quality of the customer structure.
The company, which was listed in 2011, focuses on the development, design, manufacture and sale of car lamps and currently has a national centre for enterprise technology, recognized as the national centre in November of the year.
The company actually controls Zhou Xiaoping and Cho, both of whom are father-daughters, holding 57.29% of the company's shares, and Ms. Xiaoping has been President and Managing Director of the company since October 2007. All other senior managers of the company have extensive work experience in the automobile lighting industry, and the main technical leaders are experts in the relevant fields in the country and have a great deal of experience.
Rich product and technology development research experience. Corporate equity structures are now concentrated, with companies owning six major holding companies.
Staring shares focus on the development, design, manufacture and sale of car lights, and are one of the country's leading manufacturers and suppliers of automobile lamps. The products include, inter alia, front lights, back-to-back lights, fog lights, day-to-day street lights, indoor lights, turning lights, etc., while the company's controlling subsidiary i&t specializes in flexible flat-line cables.
The company’s products are sold mainly to domestic customers. Currently, the company receives more than 85 per cent of its revenues from carlights. In recent years, the structure of the company’s products has been optimized, with light-to-lights gradually being upgraded from traditional to led lamps, smart-lights, and about 75 per cent of the sales of lamps and post-combined lamps prior to 2017.
The overall weak environment in the automobile market, with revenues of 3,724 million yuan, an increase of 23.84 per cent over the same period, shows a significant downward trend towards repatriation, mainly because of the firm's low-profit light in the customer supply chain at this stage.
The company’s Māori ratio is expected to increase further in the future as the volume of high-value products, such as Led front-lights and smart car lights, evolves. In terms of cost rates for the period, the company’s three rates show a significant downward trend, with company sales rates and sales costs in 2017.
The management cost rate decreased by 0.33 and 0.02 percentage points, respectively, in the first three quarters of 2018 by 0.58 and 2.24 percentage points, respectively, in the same quarter, while the fall in the cost rate during the period reflected, on the one hand, the spread of costs resulting from the expansion of the capacity of the company and, on the other hand, the continuous improvement in the management capacity of the company.
1.3 The existing client structure is of high quality and new clients are developing and producing results. Corporate clients cover major car-making enterprises in the country and abroad, including the public, the public, the public, the toyota, the Chiri, the car, the sedan, the general purpose, the gas, the Toyota, the gas, the Japanese, the German Bo.
Corporate client concentration is high, but in recent years it has been declining year by year as new clients have expanded. In 2014-2017, the top five clients combined sales income as a percentage of operating income were the top five clients in figure 10 (2014) (unit: %)
The company has established a long-standing and good long-standing cooperative relationship with its clients, and has been awarded one of the highest prizes ever awarded by the public: the "Ten Best Vendors of the Year" award, the "Quality Improvement Award" by Hiro and Toyota, the "Good Service Award" by Gilling, the "Special Contribution Award" by a car, and the "Excellent Cooperation Award" by Chire.
New customers are being opened up, new customers such as Gilley and Congtai are getting orders, and there is much room for high growth in the future. 2. The pattern of competition in the carlight industry is clear, and companies are expected to benefit in depth, with a high concentration in the light industry of 2.1 and a very strong pattern in the country.
The international lights market is in the midst of oligopolistic competition. Competition in the international lights market is now almost out of control by giants, with major enterprises such as Marelli, France, Hira, Japan, and Stanley, Italy. The top five markets in the industry are more than 70%, with Japan’s share of the global market reaching around 25% and the industry’s total.
Carlight companies are closely connected to the whole company because of the need to synchronize the development of the lamp with the development of the whole vehicle. Carlight companies usually choose to build a plant around the entire factory to increase the speed of response. Big companies, with their own strength and ability to expand, have a much stronger response and support capability.
Households have been included in the global vehicle fleet, with almost full coverage, client coverage expanding beyond their own region, and, in the long term, the oligarchy will maintain a competitive pattern of oligopoly in the lighting industry.
The domestic car-light market presents a competitive pattern of “super-high” competition. The domestic car-light industry presents a competitive pattern of “super-high” competition.
The share of Shanghai visuals in the domestic car market is about 20%, the share of the stock is about 8% as the country’s largest domestic business in the lighting industry, the share of the market is close to that of other joint ventures, and the market share is the highest among the domestic firms.
Figure 152017 The market share of the domestic carlight industry 2.2 is based on the local market, with a strong competitive advantage.
The domestic car market is becoming more competitive, the joint venture brands are gradually starting to compete with autonomous brands, some of the joint venture brands that used to buy only from foreign investors and joint venture parts have opened their doors to high-quality domestic zero components, and industry barriers are opening up.
Starting with the autonomous brand, which is now the rare domestic domestic domestic front-loading business, it has started to compete directly with foreign headlights. In 2017, the company sold 57.712 million headlights, an increase of 11.8 per cent, from about $43 in 2014 to around $67 in 2017, mainly.
In recent years, companies have been active in expanding their clients, as a result of improved product structure. For example, in recent years, companies have gradually upgraded their car packages from the original Golf, Bluebird, Bolai, etc. to Odyq5, a3, a6l, and from the original halogen light bulbs to the level of thorium gas, which has led to higher sales and prices of corporate products. In the future, as the joint venture brands have reduced demand.
Cost control and customer responsiveness are important competitive advantages for companies. As a high-quality car-lighting enterprise, the share of Star is now in the joint venture support system to compete directly with foreign firms and compete for competitive advantages.
On the one hand, the Division is in the area of R & D and cost control in terms of design R & D, management, production costs, etc., and on the other hand, the advantages of response speed. On the other hand, the cost side, as a result of integrated production by companies and their autonomous production of plastics and controllers, can significantly reduce procurement costs compared to foreign firms, and on the other hand, the firm's performance in net interest rates is significantly higher.
In terms of the speed of response, firms are working to be close to customers, fast-track services, quick-response to customers’ needs in product design, production, logistics, after-sales, etc. Foreign and joint-venture competitors are increasingly faced with the demand for fast-tracked headlight projects because of the foreign company’s decision-making power.
The ability of firms to understand and respond to the needs of their customers is weaker than that of companies.
3.1 The trend towards ledification of the car lights is remarkable, the product is rising in volume, and the car lights are increasing as the technology progresses. The quality and performance of the car lamps are directly linked to the overall performance of the car, so that in the hundreds of years since the automobile industry was born, the major car companies have been in the area of the carlights.
Retrospectively from the history of car lamps, which initially evolved from the candles and kerosene lamps in the wagons, to the evolution of acetylene lamps, incandescent lamps, halogen lamps, americ gas lamps, and led lamps. As the future car industry upgrades to electrified, intelligently, car lamps will not only serve as lighting, but will become the weight of the vehicle owner's passive safety configuration.
Figure 21 Classification of car lights b Automobile lights, headlights, fog lights, sign lights, instrument lamps, headlights, suitcases
Turns to signal lights, danger alarm lights, broadlights, tail lights, brakes, reverse lights, chart 22 traffic lights, evolution history.
Led lamps have the advantage of having a compact structure, low energy consumption and flexible light performance. There are currently several types of car lamps, such as halogen lamps, argon gas lamps, led lamps, and laser lamps, of which halogen lamps, due to their low cost and stable performance, have the largest market base to apply to most low- and medium-end models; and beryllium lamps are more expensive and absolutely bright than halogen lamps.
It is generally configured in high-prescription and high-end vehicles; laser headlamps are expensive, and the main advantage of the current led lamp in luxury high-end brands is that it is more compact, more energy-efficient and flexible. Structurally, the led headlamps are smaller than the size of the halogen and the thorium headlamps, and can therefore be based on car enterprises.
In terms of life, led lights can last about 100,000 hours, far beyond the useful life of halogens and thorium gas lamps. In terms of light-emitting effects, the light-emitting intensity of the led lamps and the direction of exposure can be arbitrarily regulated because of the characteristics of led.
In the future, it will be able to match the smart driving module, dynamically regulate vehicle lighting exposure, intensity and direction, and significantly improve vehicle safety and vehicle value-added. The led lamp will gradually become a trend, and the application of the model will accelerate the spread to the lower and middle ends.
Impact, mainly in high-end vehicles, where the Lexus flagship model Ls600h, released in 2007, was the first one equipped with a led lamp, followed by the Audir 8, Benz cls and other models carrying a full Led lamp, which has been gradually expanded as the production has led to a decline and technological maturity. At present, the Led lamp has moved from the Luxury brand to the center.
Low-end brands explore that high-end vehicle-based LEDs in joint ventures are now more common, and the more autonomous brands use the full LED lights as a flag-loading model. The domestic market space for LED lights is expected to reach $12.3 billion in 2020.
Led Car Lighting Sector Study 2017, Domestic Led CarLight Infiltration Rates of about 10-15% in 2016, we assume that domestic passenger cars will increase at an average annual rate of 0% and 3% respectively between 2019 and 2020, and that in 2020, Led LLA penetration is expected to reach 28%, while single set costs are expected to decline gradually with the increase in the number of Led packages
In the meantime, we estimate that the domestic market for the reed lights in 2020 will be about $12.3 billion, and the pre-light market will be about $24.870 billion. There will be plenty of space for industrial development, so that the reed lights will be the weight of the future of the carlight industry.
As the technology evolves, the smart lights gradually enter car applications. The current owner of the smart lights should include the adaptive front-lighting system, short affs and short adb from the adaptiveddringbeam.
Afs are a smart light-regulating system. By percepting information such as driver handling, vehicle driving state, traffic surface changes and weather environment, afs automatically control frontlights in real time to adjust up-and-down light angles to provide the best road lighting for drivers.
Chart 26afs light system. Chart 27afs light system use effect. adb is an intelligent control system that automatically adjusts the light type to the condition of the road. With the machine's vision and complexity.
The development of techniques such as sensors and array light sources, as well as market demand for smart driving aids, can be adapted from the distant light system-adb. The adb can automatically open or exit the remote light for the driver, depending on the vehicle's driving state, the state of the environment, and the state of the road vehicle. At the same time, adapt to the distance light, depending on the location of the vehicle in the forward view of the vehicle.
, in order to avoid dazzling other road users. Compared to traditional distant light, adb uses intelligent control to replace hands, toggles light control, making light control easier and more comfortable; and, at the same time, the dazzle-resistant light-forming changes replace remote near light switching and expand the light of view on the basis of securing road safety.
In the context of the trend towards car intelligence, which is about 10% and 4% of domestic penetration per year, car safety and intelligence will continue to be valued, and the market penetration of smart car lights is expected to increase in the future.
They conservatively estimate that domestic traffic will reach around 25 million vehicles in 2020, when afs and adb are expected to have penetration rates of 19% and 10%, respectively. Against the backdrop of increased penetration and a gradual reduction in unit prices of the system, based on the afs system of $2,800 and an adb system of 7,300, the domestic market space is expected to reach $13 billion.
The adb market space is expected to reach $17.8 billion, the smart car lights market space will total over $30 billion, and the smart car lighting system will be the key growth space for the carlight industry.
The structure of the company's products has been gradually upgraded from small lights to rear lights and large lights.
The company began to move gradually into the joint brand supply chain system, and started to match it with lamps, including one for the public, one for the Toyota apparel, a post-combined lamp, and so on. The average price of small lamps was around $20-40, the unit price of traditional front lamps was around $600, and the unit price of the thorium gas and led front lamp could reach more than $2,000.
At present, the number of lamps has been increasing in the company ' s new succession projects. In 2016, 138 new projects were undertaken, of which 19 were for front lights and 45 for subsequent combination lights; in 2017, the company took on 72 new projects for lights and 104 new projects for batch lights: in the first half of 2018, the company took on 35 new projects for lamps and a new project for bulk lights.
There are 47 new, high-quality projects that provide strong guarantees for the company’s future development. The field of led lights, which is actively deployed, is gradually entering the joint venture brand system.
The company assumed responsibility for the national torch project, the Led CarLight Industrialization Research Project, and participated in the development of the national standard for Led Headstights for Automobiles, with three proprietary technologies: Led Activated Vehicle Headstights, Led Lights for Vehicles, and Led CarLights for Vehicles. In 2016, the company signed a strategic partnership with China.
In 2013, the company invested $588 million in the construction of the "500,000 annual reed lights and accessories" project, which was launched in June 2014. In 2016, the company ' s Led lights were introduced into the Dia3, q5 front lights and the BMW ' s 45/f46 post-package system.
The company has completed the development of first-generation, second-generation endb headlights, and has a wide future. At present, the company afs car lights are available in 2015 with a wide-blown distribution of gs4 high vehicle configurations.
The first generation, second generation of endb headlamps have been successfully developed and project applications are currently being negotiated with the mainframe plant; the company-assisted long-light (blue-to-white laser) headlights have been successfully developed; the aided long-light (rgb laser) headlights are under development; and in the future, the company is actively developing smart-light field layouts based on stocks of products and technologies.
The company is expected to expand its market share even further by expanding its downstream customers and making room for future growth. 4.2 The company’s major clients enter a new product cycle with a high level of certainty of performance growth, a large and many new cars are on the market.
The first customer, 1.91 million vehicles sold by the public in 2018, is currently used as a vehicle-lighting package for the company’s model. During the next two years, the public and the Odys will enter a new product cycle and enter the Sov market for the first time through the new t-roc model.
The new suv model and the new car, including the brand new, the new cc. In the future, a large number of cars will continue to be marketed by the public and the popular Odys, which is expected to generate a rapid increase in sales. The company, as a large crowd, is expected to work with partners to increase the penetration of products through the public branding of new cars.
At present, the company’s production base is located in Changzhou, Changchun, and Fushan, the largest of which comes from the Changzhou Starwood base, which produced 45 million units in 2015. The Changchun base was built in 2013 and, as of 2016, all of it was completed with 1 million headlights and 1 million back-sets.
Together, 1 million pre-smoke lamps are currently in the initial production conditions of the company's Changchun base. In 2016, the company will invest $800 million in the build-up of the former Gilling Starwood Plant, a project to expand the Gilling Changchun Production Base, with an increase of 1 million post-production and 1 million aerobic lamps.
In 2017, the Changchun base expansion project was changed from Changchun to Changzhou City in Jiangsu Province, owing to changes in the layout of mass production by major clients, the transfer of new vehicle-type development projects to other production bases, such as the east and southwest of China, and the transfer of Star Woo to follow orders. The company Fushan base started operating in June 2015
Construction. In 2017, the first phase of the company ' s factory in Foshan was completed, resulting in the production of 500,000 front lights, 800,000 post-combined lamps. Meanwhile, the second phase has been launched, and construction is proceeding as planned and is expected to start in the second quarter of 2019.
Figure 33 Distribution of corporate capacity 5. Corporate profitability projections and valuations. We expect that the growth rate in the automobile industry will continue to slow over the next three years and that the domestic automobile market will enter the stock game phase.
The company benefits from the new cycle of core customer products in the area of headlights, as well as from the trend towards led and intelligenceization of headlight products, and is expected to grow in reverse. At the same time, in the context of product upgrading, the company's headlight products will enter the price and volume two-way, and the Māori rate is expected to rise steadily. On this basis, we assume: 1.
Given the quality of the company's customer structure, the lights enter the fast-tracking phase of the led and intelligentization applications, while downstream customers are in a full new product cycle with high levels of certainty. For the first time, we cover, giving the company a “precautiously recommended” investment rating.
(a) The continuing macroeconomic downturn, the continued weakness of the consumption of the automobile market and the sharp decline in the volume of automobile production and sales; (b) the continuing and escalating frictions in Central American trade and significant fluctuations in the renminbi exchange rate; and (c) the unanticipated opening of new customers and the transformation of orders by companies;
This report is produced by Chinese securities for the sole use of customers of Chinese securities. The company does not provide any assurance about the accuracy and completeness of this information because the recipient receives it. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the information and the views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for the sale of the said securities, and the information and opinions do not take into account the information obtained.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment objectives, financial status and specific needs.