iii q4 vehicle spare parts ii q4 slowed down, and the medium- and long-term competitive advantage remained apparent
The company released its annual report for 2018, which achieved operating income of $5,074 million, an increase of 19.24 per cent, and its net profit on maternity of $611 million, a decrease in the volume of automobile sales, such as that of the client population, the upper-gas public, which slowed down the performance of 2018q4.
We believe that the competitive advantage of the company over the next two years is still relatively clear, and that performance is expected to continue at a relatively rapid pace, benefiting mainly from three factors: (a) continuous upgrading of the lamp products, the trend towards higher volume and higher Māori rates; and (b) the introduction of higher quality new projects.
Most of the new R & D products are on the move; (3) new factories in Changzhou, Fuoshan, Changchun and Changchun continue to be in operation, and the upward trend in product upgrades has largely emerged. In keeping with industry trends, corporate carlight products continued to upgrade “blow, led, smart” in 2018: one light: companies
The product is gradually being upgraded from an in-car light to an out-of-car light, and with the higher value of the front and post-combined lamps taking up their share of the business, a favourable situation is emerging (the sale of company lights in 2018: the company ' s Led front lights were produced in 2018, accompanied by a popular t-roc, a new treasure, etc.).
The value of large lamps (more than $1,000 per lamp) and the Māori rate (more than 25 per cent) are higher than the traditional halogens or thorium lamps, which are expected to increase faster as output rises and product excellence rises.
Lugamin has completed the development of a high-resolution imaging smart front-light system, matrix adb from distant lights, and a netas smart front-light three smart car lights. The future volume of smart-lights will facilitate average single-light prices and Maori rates.
New projects, new technologies, and new production capabilities are important guarantees of the firm’s steady growth in its future performance.1 With regard to new orders, according to Starwoo shares: performance continues to grow high and is accelerating.
In 2018, the company announced 73 new projects to take over the lights and 102 bulk-car light projects.2 In terms of new capacity, the company continued to expand its capacity in Changzhou, Fushan, Changchun, and in 2018, the factory in Fushan was completed in phase one.
Phase II is under construction and is expected to be completed in the second quarter of 2019; the company also launched the “Sung Woo Ji can make industrial parks” project in 2018, and phase I of the project is expected to be completed in 2019.3 With regard to new technologies, the company plus the share in 2018: performance meets expectations and growth logic increases
New orders, new energy and new products are more than available.
Quite well, it will provide a strong guarantee for the company’s future development. Starwoo’s shares: improved business structure drives performance ahead of expectations, and led’s production capacity is not as fast as expected.
I. The performance of q4 slowed down, with performance slightly slower than expected for the year as a whole and slightly lower than expected for the year as a whole. Companies issued annual reports for 2018, which achieved operating income of $5,074 million, an increase of 19.24 per cent over the year; net return to mothers of $611 million, an increase of 29.91 per cent over the year; and the Maori rate of 22.56 per cent,
The net interest rate increased by 0.99 percentage points over the same period; the net interest rate increased by 0.97 percentage points over the same period. Of these, 2018q4 achieved the effect of a decline in business performance, resulting in a decline in the volume of car sales by the company’s main customers, the public at large and the public at large, so that the performance of 2018q4 slowed significantly, resulting in a slightly lower performance than we had previously expected throughout the year. We believe that the company’s competitive advantage over the next two years is still more pronounced.
Performance is expected to continue at a relatively rapid pace, benefiting mainly from three factors: (i) the continuous upgrading of lamp products, with a trend towards higher volume prices and higher Māori rates; (ii) the higher number of new high-quality projects undertaken and the continued landing of new products; and (iii) the continued production of new factories in Changzhou, Fushan and Changchun, with higher capacity.
The net interest rate is 11.99%, an increase of 0.97 percentage points in the same year. The company’s main business car lighting product is gradually being upgraded from a small light to a light, and from an annual low of the company’s medium- and long-term Māori ratio.
The three cost rates have been reduced year by year: the company ' s sales rate in 2018, the management rate, and the financial cost rates of 2.85 per cent, 6.14 per cent and 0.03 per cent, respectively, combined with a cost rate of 9.03 per cent, representing a decrease of 0.88 percentage points in comparison to the corresponding period. The modal effects of the gradual expansion of production capacity have been spread over time, combined with good cost control capabilities, and the company ' s three cost rates are being reduced year by year.
In response to industry trends, corporate lights continued to be upgraded in 2018 to “big lights, ledization, intelligence” : Upgrade path one: big lights drive single-light prices continue to increase.
In 2018, we expect the domestic market for headlights to be about $55 billion, of which the market size is about two-thirds. The structure of the company’s product is gradually being upgraded from a small in-car light to a higher-value out-of-car light, with a higher share of front and post-package lamps earning more and more money in the light business.
Quantities (64,595.53 million company lights sold in 2018, an increase of 13.30 per cent in the same year; average single lights, an increase of $69.75, an increase of 5.97 per cent in the same year); Upgrade route II: Ledification leads to an upward migration of the Māori. The Māori rate of company lamps continued from 2011 to 2016, mainly because of the low-cost strategy of the company to take over the markets of joint-venture brand competitors while the lamps were still in the early stages of the opening of the market.
As a result, the average price of corporate single-lights has been rising over the past few years (largely higher than the price of light), and so the Māori rate has fallen (the Māori rate is lower than the light rate in the early stages of development). As the market opens up, prices are expected to return to the same level in the future, and Māori rates are expected to improve. In addition, the company ' s led headlights have been produced in 2018, accompanied by a mass t-roc,
The value of Led lamps (more than $1,000 per lamp) and the Māori rate (more than 25%) is higher than the traditional halogens or thorium lamps, and as output rises, the revenue from the company's carlight business is expected to grow faster, and Māori rates are expected to grow faster.
The Division has also completed the development of a high-resolution imaging smart headlight system, matrix adb from distant lights, and an Ndas smart headlight three smart car lights. The future volume of smart car lights will facilitate a further upscaling of single-light prices and Māori rates, ensuring future performance growth for companies III, new projects, new technologies, and new production capabilities.
New projects and new production capabilities are an important guarantee of the company ' s future performance growth. 1 With regard to new orders, in 2018, the company announced 73 new projects to take over the lights, 102 under the batches, and high-quality new projects and batches to provide strong guarantees for the company ' s development. 2 With regard to the original capacity, the company has three major production bases: Changzhou, Changchun, and Fuoshan, which are close to large clients.
In Changzhou, the long-triangular motor industry cluster, which is located close to the sea, can be close to the general public, upper gas, upper gas, car use, Chirre, Gilly, and other new cars. The Changchun base was launched in 2016, near the Changchun motor industry base, and close to the top customer of the company.
In terms of new capacity, the company has continued to expand its capacity in Changzhou, Fushan, Changchun, and the first phase of the factory was completed in 2018, while the second phase of the project is under construction and is expected to be completed in the second quarter of 2019. According to the deployment of the third five-year strategic plan, the company has launched a project entitled "Star Smart Manufacturing Industrial Park".
With regard to new technologies, in 2018 the company strengthened the development of new technologies and the development of research and development centres. In addition to smart car lamps, new products such as pixel headlights, low-cost double-lightled lenses are successfully developed.
IV. Profit forecasts and investment proposals led to less than expected growth in the flow of lamps; lower-than-expected growth in sales by downstream customers of companies; and lack of progress in the delivery of new plant production