Crystal energy is returning, integration is expected to increase, company channels and brand dominance are expected to lead the world, components are expected to be released quickly, and new production can accelerate as soon as they are marketed.
With the release, integration rates are expected to increase further, while the initial topcon battery penetration premium is expected, and overall profitability is expected to increase; for the first time, coverage is expected to give a higher rating.
The company was listed on the New York Stock Exchange in May 2010 and then on the Shanghai Stock Exchange in January 2022. The company focused on R & D and the global layout, with a global leader in component sales, with a cumulative excess of component shipments by the end of 2021.
90gw, the fourth year in a row between 2016 and 2019, ranked first in global sales of components. Photovoltaic component demand is not worrying, corporate channels and brands are ahead: we expect global photovoltaic unit demand for 2022-2024 to be about 220gw, 280gw, 350gw, global photovoltaic component demand, respectively
Some 254gw, 331gw, 418gw. In the current pattern of competition in the industrial chain, the company’s integrated component leader is expected to retain some of the profits from silicon, cellular links, and to enjoy some of the excess profits from brand premiums.
Channel networks, deep-farming core markets abroad, and first in many major markets. Companies have a good brand image and have been rated by bnef for eight years as one of the most financingable photovoltaic components, with strong channels and brand advantages.
The level of corporate integration is expected to improve and profitability is expected to improve: in 2021, in the face of a sharp rise in silicon prices, the integrated component taps were able to transmit pressure on the price of silicon in a timely manner, and to maintain price resilience and profitability while silicon prices were down.
The company’s basic profitability as a front-line manufacturer is expected to remain robust as the subsequent production of silicon production becomes more productive and end demand is released. The corporate financial pressure is expected to ease after listing, the pace of expansion is expected to accelerate, and the integration rate is expected to increase, while enjoying it.
Topcon battery premiums are expected to increase further profitability in the early stages of penetration.
Price competition over-expected; international trade friction risk; material cost decline below expectations; technology selection for generation risk; photovoltaic policy risk; exchange rate change risk; impact of the new crown epidemic over-expected.
Year in which the integrated components of the global layout were listed on the New York Stock Exchange in May 2010 and then on the Shanghai Stock Exchange in January 2022.
The market is dominated by investors, developers, contractors and end-users of distributed photovoltaic systems worldwide, the scale of sales and market share.
Single-crystal silicon, single-crystal battery, single-crystal component.
Single-crystal silicon sticks, centralized photovoltaic power stations, multi-crystal silicon.
A multi-crystal cast. A multi-crystal silicon. A multi-crystal battery.
Single crystal components Focus on R & D and global layout, driving corporate component sales to the top of the world: companies focused on technology research and development and, in 2014, corporate R & D teams achieved 1,000 hours of Pidfree under double-85 test conditions.
25.25 per cent, with a maximum conversion efficiency of 23.01 per cent for the n monocrystal assembly. In addition, the company is accelerating the process of global capacity-building, which was completed in 2015 and in 2019 in the United States. After more than a decade of robust global layout, the company’s photovoltaic components are sold on a steady scale, with a cumulative output of more than 80gw at the end of the first half of 2021 and a global group for four consecutive years between 2016 and 2019.
Figure 2. Crystal energy development history. Photovoltaic components are the company’s main end product and overseas its main market: photovoltaic components are the end product of the company’s production chain and the main market-oriented product. From 2016 to 2020, sales of photovoltaic components accounted for more than 96 per cent of the income of the main battalion, reaching 98 per cent in 2020.
Corporate business income comes mainly from offshore areas, with sales abroad accounting for more than 60 per cent in 2016-2020 and up to 80 per cent in 2019 and 2020. Chart 4. Composition of company-owned business income (by region) Differentiated component products to meet end diversification needs: company photovoltaic component products are now dominated by single crystal components combined with global diversification
For market demand, companies have applied technologies such as perc, topcon, double-faced (both-bond and transparent backboard technology), half-pieces, welding, multifast, large-sized battery assemblies, etc., and have introduced multi-column differentiated photovoltaic component products.
The stock structure is stable, and Li Xingde, Chen Qingping, and Li Xinghua are the real controllers of the company: the shareholders in the company are the limited public department with 58.62% of the shares. The company actually controls Li Xingde, Chen Qingping and Li Xinghua. As of 21 January 2022, Li Xingde, Chen Qingping and Lee Xinghua indirectly had 10.65% of the share in the crystal energy through the crystals.
The Interstate Controler, the general partner of the upper Qi Quanping, the general partner of the upper Qi Ping as shareholder, the general partner of the upper Qi Xinghua as shareholder, the general partner of the upper Qi Qi Qi Tian Xi, and the combined 10.34% share of the crystal energy. Corporate management is experienced: Director Lee Xingde, Director and Managing Director Chen Kang Ping, and Director Lee Xinghua have all had bright and new energy sources for more than 20 years.
In addition, the management team has a great deal of experience. Mr. Joo-Wo Guo, Deputy Managing Director, Mr. Kim Ho, has served as Chief Technology Officer, Chief Scientist, Trina Light Energy, Inc., and Information for Crystal Energy Management, respectively.
Short-term fluctuations in profitability, stable Māori rates, steady growth in operating income and fluctuations in profitability: from 2018 onwards, benefiting from a rebound in demand in the photovoltaic sector, firm growth in operating income of companies, with a 17 per cent compound increase in operating income between 2018 and 2020. However, higher prices have been associated with industrial policies, international trade barriers and chain prices.
These factors are influenced by the volatility of corporate profitability, which recovered significantly in 2019 at a rate of 404.52 per cent in the same year; and by the rise in the price of raw materials under the epidemic, the continued downswing of product components in 2020, the loss of currency exchange due to the appreciation of the renminbi, the shift in demand from one-sided parts of the United States market and the larger loss in the disposal of fixed assets resulting from the phasing out of the company ' s production capacity in 2020.
In 2021, the price of silicon material continued to rise, the company’s reduction in the execution of low-price orders led to a smaller increase in profitability, while losses on exchange and the cost of expanding production also slowed the rate of profit growth. The Maori rate remained stable: the effects of the removal of double counter-guarantees, 201 tariffs, and freight adjustments, and the company’s overall Māori rate had remained stable in recent years.
In 2019, companies increased their own capacity for monocrystal silicon bars, increased their integration, and higher levels of income from single crystal components contributed to the overall increase in the overall Māori ratio. 2020-2021h1, influenced by rising prices of silicon materials, a small decline in the Māori ratio of companies, overall stability, mainly in the execution of strategic low-cost orders by companies, improved integration of upstream profits, and
The share of revenue from overseas operations with a high Māori rate has increased, and the demand for photovoltaic components has grown rapidly, and the advantage of integration has been evident in the vanguard of global “carbon decarbonization” that supports demand for photovoltaic components.
(a) We plan to achieve carbon peaks by 2030, carbon neutrality by 2060: on 22 September 2020, the Secretary-General of Xi Jinping stated at the 75th United Nations General Assembly that we would achieve a carbon peak by 2030, i.e. a peak in carbon dioxide emissions by 2030 and a gradual decline thereafter;
On December 12, 2020, the Secretary-General further stated at the Climate Summit that our gross domestic product (GDP) would drop by more than 65 per cent in 2030 from 2005, that non-fossil energy as a share of primary energy consumption would reach about 25 per cent, that the forest stock would increase by 6 billion cubic metres from 2005, and that the total capacity of wind and solar power would be reached.
The construction of the wind and light base has accelerated and the first 100gw project has begun in an orderly fashion: on 12 October 2021, President Xi Jinping, in a speech entitled " Building a Community of Life Together " , delivered at the Fifteenth Summit of the Conference of the Parties to the Convention on Biological Diversity, proposed that, in order to advance the achievement of carbon peaks, carbon neutrality and targets, China will issue successive programmes and a series of support guarantees for the implementation of carbon peaks in priority areas and industries.
China will continue to promote industrial structural and energy restructuring, and the development of billions of kilowatts of projects has begun in an orderly fashion in the near future. The big-base vision is expected to support the country’s photovoltaic demand: the National Development Reform Commission, the National Energy Authority, and the publication of a report on the use of deserts.
The plan focuses on the Kubuzi, Ulaanbaatar and Tengri, Badanjirin deserts, complemented by other deserts and Gobi areas, considering coal-mining areas, and planning for the construction of large wind and light-voltage bases. By 2030, the plan is to build a total wind and light base of about 455gw, of which Kubuzi, Ulaanbaatar and Teng.
Gry, Badanjirin Desert Base Planner 284gw, Coal Repository Planner 37gw, and other desert and Gobi Area Planner 134gw. Of these, the 14th Five-Year Planner has a total of about 200gw, including 150gw. 50gw for local use; The 15-Year Planner Planner is about 255gw, including 165gw for local use 90gw.
The non-fossil energy consumption ratio has laid the foundation for the 14th Five-Year Plan of Action for the Energy Development Strategy (2014-2020), issued by the Office of the State Council in 2014, which states that our share of primary energy consumption will reach 15 per cent by 2020, and according to the National Statistical Office, our total energy consumption in 2019 was 4.86 billion tons of standard coal, of which the share of non-fosssil energy consumption will have reached 4.86 billion tons.
15.3 per cent, one year ahead of schedule. Taking into account our target of 25 per cent primary energy consumption in 2030, it is expected that our share of primary energy consumption in 2025 will exceed 20 per cent, which would allow us to extrapolate the average annual installed capacity of our photovoltaic plus wind power during the “145” period to 130-160gw, of which 85-100gw is expected to be installed on average during the PV year.
Global decarbonization underpins medium- and long-term demand: Now that carbon neutrality is achieved as soon as possible and has become a global consensus, the United States has re-entered into the Paris Accord, with plans to invest $2 trillion in transport, construction and clean energy, to politically integrate climate change issues into United States foreign policy and national security strategies, and to continue to push the United States carbon neutrality process of 3550, or carbon neutrality in the electricity sector in 2035.
By 2050, 100% clean energy and zero net emissions will be achieved; recently, the United States Reconstruction and Better Bill passed a House vote, extending the photovoltaic policy until 2026 and applying for the first time to storage assets, ptc restoration and wind power retention to 2026, which is expected to stimulate the US new energy generation loading machine into a high-growth corridor. According to the latest release of the US Energy Data Authority (eia), the US will be able to do so.
The European Commission proposes to take the lead in achieving carbon neutrality globally by 2050, with a medium-term reduction target for 2030 that would reduce greenhouse gas emissions by at least 55 per cent compared to 1990 levels. In March 2022, the European Commission proposed a repowereu programme, a 480gw wind loader and 420gw by 2030.
According to the European Commission’s latest energy strategy, Solarpowereure is optimistic that the EU is expected to achieve 1 tw (1,000gw) of a total solar power plant in 2030. Japan’s Prime Minister Shin Yi Wai announced in October 2020 that Japan would be carbon neutral by 2050.
The demand for components is expected to grow rapidly: the photovoltaic component is located at the end of the photovoltage industry chain, directly towards the downstream terminal station, directly linked to the photovoltage machine. There is a relationship between the demand for the photovoltaic plant and the demand for the photovoltaic component, and the capacity of the plant to install the component.
Ratio to power grid power. Because of the loss of efficiency in the generation process, components are often installed on a larger scale than the grid size (the size of the unit), i.e., the tolerance ratio is often greater than 1, with a ceiling of 1.8:1. The current photovoltage ratio in the country is around 1.2-1.3. On the basis of the compatibility ratio, global photovoltage component requirements are projected in figure 16.
Figure 17. Quarterly demand split between global photovoltaic components Channels and branding component patterns, dominant advantages of integrated components Channels and branding component patterns
Key competitive elements in the non-component-scale production sector: relatively small investment in fixed capital relative to other main components of the light-voltage industrial chain, the expansion of the component chain, in silicon, silicon and battery project units at around 300 million yuan/gw, while in component project units at least 200 million yuan/gw. The construction cycle of component projects is also shorter than the other components, together with large-scale component production processes.
A relatively high degree of homogenization with production equipment, so that the photovoltaic component chain capacity is generally in a relatively surplus state, the scale of production is not the key competitive element in the component industry. Components have consumer characteristics, and overseas distribution channels are a necessary condition for competitive advantage: components are at the end of the photovoltaic manufacturing industry chain.
At the end, there is also a distribution model for distribution power stations that is directly directed to the owner of the photovoltaic terminal or to the integration of the power station system, the distributors and the distributors. The business model of the component chain has a certain degree of toc properties and consumer characteristics, compared to the model of the silicon, silicon, battery, etc. b2b. Photovoltaic power generation has gradually become economically unsubsidized worldwide, for almost two years now.
The share of overseas markets in global light-voltage demand has risen to over 60%, and is expected to continue to rise. The direct upstream construction of photovoltaic power plants, the globalization of the distribution channels for photovoltaic component enterprises, localization are the inevitable option to approach the terminal market, maintain sensitivity to market requirements, and, in the long run, improve customer stickyness, stabilize sales and performance in overseas markets, and be adequate.
In recent years, the size of the distribution machines has grown rapidly, and their share has increased steadily. The number of new distributed photovoltaics in the country has grown from 0.8gw in 2013 to 29.17gw in 2021, and the number of distributed photovoltaics has increased.
In 42gw year, the share of additional distributed light-voltage machines is maintained at 30-35%. The distribution of demand in overseas-distributed photovoltaic projects is characterized by a relatively small size and a need for relative dispersion.
The long-term value of component brands: unlike silicon, silicon, battery, major changes in the pattern of the photovoltaic industry, though dramatic, have not led to the collapse of some of the long-standing component brands, such as Chandler, English, etc., which have been or are still on the market in overseas capital markets.
In previous years, photovoltaic component enterprises, which had been subject to such factors as the relative lack of access to capital markets abroad (market gains, net market rates, etc., which were significant relative to a comparable firm ' s discounts, or even a constant net market rate of less than 1), continued to be in the forefront of the global component ' s share of exports, with only Lungi ' s shares in recent years becoming new entrants stable to the world ' s first echelons, to some extent, showing that they had been able to enter the world ' s first echelons.
The long-term value of component brands in the toc-character market abroad is common for two-line brands: there is generally a small difference in product prices between the two-line firms in the component chain, where, according to the Sobi Photovoltaic Network, the price of the first-line manufacturer in 2021 was generally 0.05-0.10/w higher than that of the two-line manufacturer.
Of the components, the average price of the first-line manufacturer was $1.767/w, the average price of the second-line manufacturer was $1.665/w, the difference was $0.102/w, the average price of the first-line manufacturer was $1.786/w and the average price of the second-line manufacturer was $1.732/w, the difference was 0.0154/w; the average price of the first-line manufacturer was $1.86w and the average price of the second-line manufacturer was $1.763w and the difference was 0.097 w in the second-line manufacturer was the difference between the second-line manufacturer and the second-line manufacturer in the second-line manufacturer.
Financeability is the main manifestation of brand value: bankability refers to the ability of component brands to obtain bank financing and non-recourse loans when selected for overseas photovoltaic power station projects. It is represented by the most credible third-party research institution, Bloomberg New Energy Finance (bnef), which is selected for financingability by means of banks, technical advisers, engineering directors from around the world.
Surveys of major global photovoltaic players such as contractors and independent power producers, together with a combination of factors such as product quality, long-term reliability, performance of the project department and the financial strength of the manufacturer, result in an assessment of the financingability of global brands of components. Component firms with long-term financial advantages are expected to reach out to a wider market on the basis of their existing performance and further expand.
Market share of components, positive feedback on “brands-performance-brands” that eventually result in long-term barriers to competition in firms, building up a competitive pattern of growing market concentration in front-line firms. Companies have a well-developed network of overseas channels, leading by brands.
The company has a well-developed network of global production and distribution channels: in line with its sales strategy of “globalization, home-based business” the company has a global service centre covering more than 160 countries and territories. To avoid the negative impact of frequent trade protection measures such as US “back-to-back” investigations on direct exports from the public sector, the company has deployed production bases in South-East Asia, the United States, and supplies overseas through overseas production bases.
In addition, companies organize local specialized marketing teams around the world to serve local customers, effectively avoid language barriers, quickly build trust and build partnerships; local teams are close to the terminal customers, who are able to capture end-user needs in a more timely manner, and quickly and in-depth dig and meet local customer needs. Global distribution, local camps, etc.
Stereotyped distribution networks are an important basis for companies to continue to lead the world in the flow of photovoltaic components. Figure 26. The company’s main global production base, deep-ploughing core markets abroad, has the largest share of many major markets: Asia, Europe, and the United States are the main markets for domestic overseas exports.
In 2020 and 2021, Europe, Asia, and the United States accounted for more than 90% of China’s component export markets. The company’s sales in the three core overseas markets continued to grow at a rapid rate, benefiting from the global distribution of corporate production and distribution networks.
Households, with long-standing partnerships with a number of large customers; in 2020, affected by land factors, the demand for centralized power plants in the European market fell, companies had a slight decline in sales in the European market, companies had adjusted their marketing strategies in a timely manner, and sales customers (end-users of distributed photovoltaic power stations) had been significantly expanded.
The main markets, such as Australia, Brazil, India and the Netherlands, have the highest market share.
Component exits kept growing at a high rate: at the drive of the overseas market, the output of the company component was growing rapidly, with 22.23gw in 2021, an increase of 18.24 per cent. By the end of 2021, the cumulative output of the company component was 95gw, with an average annual compound growth rate of 61.75 per cent.
Awarded by Bloomberg New Energy (bnef) as one of the most financingable photovoltaic component brands; in a quarterly rating issued by pvtech, the company received aa rating for the sole component supplier for 17 consecutive quarters; the company ' s product was endorsed for seven consecutive years by the United States Independent Photovoltaic Group Test Laboratory ' s best performance component, pvel scorecards, which is in parallel with the Tsi-Ion energy, two companies that have won this distinction in the industry.
The company has also been invited on several occasions to participate in international conferences such as “Summer Davos” organized by the World Economic Forum, the United Nations Climate Action Summit in New York, United States of America, and the New York Climate Conference, on behalf of China's Photovoltaic Enterprise, which has a good brand image and international influence.
Figure 34. Corporate pvtech ratings Figure 35. 2014-2021: Recognition of the best performance component of the pvel Broadening finance and new technology ownership, with a promising increase in profitability
Silicon prices have risen rapidly and remained high: new production of silicon released less in 2020-2021, combined with partial second-line shutdowns with offshore enterprises in 2020 and progressive release of silicon chain production in 2021, overall supply and demand patterns of silicon chain supply and demand from 2021 to date, silicon materials.
As of the beginning of March 2022, the average price of silicon material was $242/kg, an increase of 190% compared to the beginning of 2021, creating a certain squeeze on the profits of the photovoltaic manufacturing industry as a whole.
Also affected by additional supply constraints, there has been a marked increase in prices, with high prices exceeding the price increase in 2021 when supply and demand eased by more than 220%, and a recent fall to about 160%, which also has a clear impact on the cost of PV components. End demand remains tenacity: light-voltage terminal demand remains more resilient in the face of tight price increases in the supply of parts of the industrial chain.
According to the National Energy Agency, in 2021, we achieved a similar increase of almost 10% in the price of silicon, with additional photovoltaic power grids growing by 54.88gw. The distribution of this additional 29gw, representing 55% of all new photovoltaics, contributed to a steady increase in demand. According to data from the national monthly grid, the demand for monthly PVs has increased steadily, and silicon prices for terminals have increased steadily.
The price of the component leader is focused on silicon, and the profitability is largely robust: in the face of the rise in supply chain prices, the prices of the component leader throughout the year 2021 are largely subject to changes in silicon prices. After the first half of the year, silicon prices entered more than 200 yuan/kg.
The average price was approximately $1.8w, and the price of the first line of firms generally exceeded $1.80w, and in late September, after the price of silicon rose to $260/kg, the price of the component chain rose rapidly to $2/w or more. When the price of silicon material fell in November-December, the price of the component was reduced.
Thus, the profitability of component tapers has not been significantly squeezed by silicon price hikes, and it appears on a quarterly basis that following the first wave of fast-growing silicon in 2021q1, the profitability of first-line component manufacturers has remained largely stable.
One-line integrated component companies are expected to realize brand channel value and futures profits: based on a two-line price gap, the first-line component business is expected to enjoy a partial overprofit on a premium basis, while the integrated enterprise is expected to retain silicon, part of the profit from the battery chain, and we expect that the basic profitability of the first-line component manufacturer will continue to be guaranteed as the subsequent production of silicon is phased in and the end demand is further released.
Firm. Together with a long component settlement cycle and a higher share of overseas market sales, front-line firms are expected to follow through with faster integration, with new technologies leading to improved profitability: companies form vertically integrated industrial chain layouts, better control costs, higher costs.
The product adds value and ensures the quality of the product, directs it to the market, and takes ownership of the market. The silicon and battery production capabilities can partially cover the supply needs of the component. The output gap in the battery relative to the component is a business model of “silicon for battery” that sells silicon to third-party battery producers while purchasing full battery clips to ensure vertically integrated production. By the end of 2021, corporate silicon, batteries, etc.
Component production capacity is 32.5gw, 24gw, 45gw, plus battery upscaling integration levels, and the layout topcon is expected to increase profitability.
It is easy to form boron-oxygens after light, capture electrons in silicon substrates to form complex centers, resulting in photo-degradation, whereas cell type n silicon substrate phosphorus, with little or no loss of co-demonstration from boron-Oxygen, is highly optimized. Based on laboratory results, p-type batteries have lower combined currents and higher efficiency potential.
N-topcon batteries use passivation contact structures and conversion efficiency: Tunneloxide passivated contact solar cells (topcon) formed a passivation exposure structure for silicon siliconses at the 28th European Pvsec Photovoltage Congress in Germany in 2013 and then a layer of sedimentation with multiple crystalline silicon (n+-poly-si), which together formed the back of the silicon.
The face provides a good interface passivation. Among these, the presence of siox allows asymmetrical deviations, leads to differences between electronics and cave silos, selectivity of loaders, prevents a few currents from passing through interfaces, and allows most currents to pass through interfaces, leading to passivation. The presence of n+-polly-si allows bending of crystal silicon interfaces, leading to a reduction in the accumulation of electronics at interfaces and a reduction in the number of caves, which leads to a passivity.
The structure of the topcon technique further reduces the number of subsurface collusive rates, greatly optimizes battery switching efficiency, which is expected to reach 28.2% ~ 28.7%, with efficiency advantages and cost advantages compared to perc and hjt, respectively, at this stage: in terms of efficiency, topcon is better than perc.
According to data on British and new energy sources, the current production efficiency of Topcon is 24.2 per cent, but is currently relatively less efficient than Hjt, Topcon. In terms of cost, the current cost of investment in topcon battery equipment is about 2 - 250 million yuan, which is lower than the cost of investment in hjt. Topcon battery production costs are also lower than hjt, but are projected to be higher than perc batteries.
The company added to the code tocon batteries, with a further increase in the integration rate: in January 2022, the company was listed on the board, and the ipo collected $7,872 million for the 7.5gwn toncon battery and 5gw high-efficiency battery assembly project, the Heining R & D centre construction project and the replenishment of liquidity. In addition, according to the corporate environmental review document, the company synchronized the construction of 8gwn topcon batteries and 8gw high-efficiency batteries.
The project is expected to produce 39.5gw battery capacity and 58gw component capacity, and the integration rate is expected to increase further. Since the company’s own battery is less expensive than out-of-pocket purchases, the increase in integration rate is expected to boost the company’s profitability.
Large-scale n-topcon batteries designed by the company for autonomous research and development achieved 25.25 per cent conversion efficiency in laboratory research, 23.53 per cent conversion efficiency in single crystal components, and the level of efficiency is in the industry ' s lead; in terms of volume production, the company ' s Topcon battery line was completed and, by the end of 2020, exceeded 0.8gw, with a volume conversion efficiency of 24.2 per cent on average, with an alternative perc battery for industrial applications.
Base, 10 gwtopcon battery capacity is expected to be achieved by 2022; in terms of good rates and cost, the company ' s Topcon battery product is already close to the perc battery product, while the cost of single-watt production continues to decline as a result of continuous optimization of the production process and equipment selection, with the result that the company ' s product conversion efficiency has broken the world record 18 times.
Figure 48. Comparison of efficiency of industrial n battery R & D topcon layouts is expected to lead to higher corporate profitability: at present, topcon batteries have an increase in conversion efficiency of around 1% relative to perc, and efficiency advantages may result in a premium for topcon batteries. Moreover, as companies accelerate the process of topcon battery industrialization, their equipment will increase.
Investment and manufacturing costs are expected to decrease further. Corporate profits are expected to increase further, driven by a combination of efficiency premiums and lower costs.
The company signed the Agreement on the Replenishment of the Investment in the Construction of 100 000 tonnes of High-PCS Green Energy Cycle and Newly-Silicon Materials of Inner Mongolia, Inc., to co-invest in Inner Mongolia ' s new specialties. The Replenishment of Inner Mongolia was financed in currencies of 315 million yuan, 315 million yuan and 2,810 million yuan, respectively, after completion of the Replenishment, which held 9.00 per cent of Inner Mongolia ' s new special energy sources.
9.00% equity, 82.00% equity. By participating in the silicon chain, the company further secures the supply of silicon material, which is expected to support the end-out. Silicon, component capacity expansion rapidly: recently, the company started a new round of expansion, to invest in the 24gw high-efficiency photovoltile component and 100,000 tons of light-volt aluminium in the Guangsin area of Shanghai, and to plan the construction of 30gw in the Nanchon Industrial Park under the Xining Economic Development Area.
The market is expected to reduce financial costs and improve profitability: companies are relatively poorly financed by overseas capital markets before they go on the market.
Reliance on debt financing is high, with net interest spending accounting for more than 90% of financial costs up to 2020, affected by exchange rate changes, higher exchange rate losses, and lower net interest spending since 2020. There has been a decline in financial cost rates at different stages compared to the industry’s listed component companies, and after their listing.
In addition, the impact of impairment on profitability resulting from the release of new production capacity after listing, the increase in income levels, and the prospect of a reduction in the impact of the replacement of old production capacity. Figure 51. Financial cost structure of the company. Figure 53. Loss of impairment on the assets of major component enterprises as a proportion of revenue
Figure 54. Ratio of net losses in the disposal of assets of major components to revenue Promotion of technological innovation, leading research and development Research and development-based sustained promotion of technological innovation: companies have efficient science platforms, 13 provincial science platforms and 1 provincial innovation team
In addition, the company has more than 1,000 R & D and technical staff, including core staff involved in a number of national and provincial R & D and new product development projects with extensive R & D experience. With the support of strong R & D capabilities, the company has more than 900 autonomous IP patent technologies, mature battery volume production technologies, and high-efficiency components such as half a piece, welding and bipolar.
In July 2020, the company ' s latest dual-face battery assembly, tested by a third-party certified test agency, was 23,01% positive. In May 2021, certified by the Chinese Institute of Metrology and Sciences, the company ' s large-scale N battery conversion efficiency reached 25.25%. In addition, the company is actively engaged in new technology, process research and development, and the next generation of photovoltaic technology.
The relevant technologies include: straight single crystallization technology, ibc battery technology, stacking battery technology, p-passive contact technology, fencing technology, ultra fine wire technology, smart assembly technology, component recovery technology, etc., and substantial progress has been made.
The R & D input share is the leading industry: companies continue to have a high proportion of R & D inputs, enhance the development and accumulation of their core technologies, and increase their competitive and sustained profitability. The share of R & D inputs in companies over the last three years has significantly exceeded the industry average. 1) Taking into account their productive capacity planning and industry demand, companies are expected to achieve 22.23gw, 36gw, 2021-2023, respectively.
2) Considering the potential change in the upstream silicon production capacity release rhythm and industry competition patterns, the company ' s Māori ratio of components is expected to decline to relative valuation in 2021: the comparison of the shares of Lungi, Crystal Austrotech and Trina as comparable companies is higher than the industry average, based on the April 15, 2022 cut-off rate, the company ' s projected profit-making counterpart in 2022 is 37.77 times higher than the industry average.
Given the advantages of corporate R & D and layout of topcon batteries, corporate valuation levels reflect market expectations for replacement of new technologies. Figure 58. Compared to the valuation of listed companies, major countries around the world have successively set “decarbonization” targets, and global demand for photovoltaics is expected to grow rapidly, while demand for photovoltaic components is safe.
The integrated components lead enterprises, with their channels and brand dominance globally, are expected to deliver fast and market share is expected to increase further; the financial situation improves after listing, and profitability is expected to increase; new production is expected to be released faster and integration is expected to increase further; the layout of the topcon battery technology is expected to benefit from efficiency premiums; and the first coverage is expected to provide an increased rating.
Price competition is more predictable: there is still a fear of excess capacity in the photovoltaic component chain, there is a risk of competition over the price of products, or there is a negative impact on the profitability of companies. International trade friction risk: exports to overseas markets are a major component of the sale of Chinese business components, such as subsequent international trade frictions
A higher-than-anticipated upgrade may have a negative impact on the size and performance of the company. Material costs fall short of expectations: repairs to the subsequent profitability of photovoltaic components depend to some extent on a reduction in the cost of the raw materials, and the profitability of the subsequent company will be negatively affected if the cost of the materials falls less and less rapidly than expected.
Technological iterative risk: There are a variety of new technologies in the current PV cell chain that could replace the original technology route, such as topcon battery technology, which is not developed as expected or more cost-effective battery technology is more advanced than expected, and companies may face the risk of a reduction in the stock of fixed assets. Photovoltaic policy risk: the overall landscape of the PV industry is now closely linked to the direction of industrial policy, such as adverse policy changes.
The impact of the epidemic is more than expected: the new coronary virus pneumonia epidemic has not yet ended, and if the epidemic continues or rebounds, it may be due to human flows and logistics.
It limits the need for light-voltage machines.