"Technology setup to catch up with the moon, channel brands with thin hair, "03, 2022, research assistant, Kwok Ya-man."
The company was founded in 2006 as an older, photovoltaic integrated component in the country, with 32.5 silicon, 24, and 45gw production capacity as of the end of 2021. The company’s management team is experienced and judges the market and cutting edge technology.
Deep cuts and persistence in the deep-farmed photovoltaic component industry have created a strong brand-channel advantage, with the global city share rising from 2.5 per cent in 2011 to 14.4 per cent in 2020, with a 22.23gw output in 2021, an increase of 22 per cent in the high demand for light-voltage components, a higher concentration of components, and a two-fold rise in taps. Components have brand-channel barriers.
As the concentration rises, we expect components to deliver 70% +5 in 2022. In 2022 and 2023, silicon production capacity was released, prices fell, and demand was stimulated by rapid growth, while the cost of components was gradually reduced, leading profits could be mentioned 1.) Large-size-driven industry costs were reduced, 182 and 210 were mainstreamed, and we expect large-sized ratios in 2022.
This will be upgraded to 66-70%; 2) N-type technology will lead to efficiency gains in transformation, with component manufacturers starting to make bulk production, topcon year in progress; 3) component integration trends are clear, with competition differences between market structures and product delivery structures under homogenous products. We expect global photovoltaics to reach 240-250gw/450-460gw in 2022/2025.
▪ Global production and marketing, and branding channels have accumulated. For more than a decade, companies have worked deep in the luminous industry, through the cycle of industry fluctuations, the quality of their products is highly recognized downstream, their financing is maintained at the forefront, and they have a strong branding advantage.
The company builds a global production layout, creates an integrated silicon-cell-assembly capacity in 7gw in South-East Asia, or effectively circumvents part of the tariff, while returning to the market and expanding the domestic market, increasing the share of the distribution market and benefiting from the rapid growth of demand in the Chinese and European and American markets.
We expect the company to deliver 40gw components in 2022, an increase of about 80% over the same year. topcon, a ahead-of-the-line producer, has a strong profit-making time: corporate technological innovation is strong, topcon R & D is deep, and has taken the lead in producing, and 16gw production and laboratory efficiency will be achieved by June 2022.
25.4%, yield efficiency has been achieved at 24.5%, and the cost of integration will be flat perc, efficiency and cost sustainability of the industry. We expect the company to deliver to Topcon around 10gw in 2022, on the one hand, by filling the short plate of the battery, raising the self-supporting ratio, and resulting in lower costs, on the other hand, by enjoying the high premium from new technologies, and on the other, by making a profit.
We believe that there is still much room for progress in topcon’s follow-up, and that the company’s three-point technology is ahead of us, with future profits available. Shares; because the company is a topcon ahead of production and profits increase 55 times faster, we give the company 2022.
The company was established in 2006 as a national institution for the development of the global integrated photovoltaic component taps 1.1. The company has developed a history and equity structure.15 years of deep-cultivated photovoltaic industry, a global integrated photovoltaic component tap.
In 2009, the manufacturer of batteries, Zhejiang Sun Valley, and the production of batteries and components were acquired, and the current sales of photovoltaic components are among the highest in the world, leading the four-year period from 2016 to 2019, and ranked second in 2020. Crystal energy in January 2022 was on the science panel.
Focusing on solar photovoltaic components, the company’s end product is a solar photovoltaic component, which has achieved vertically integrated production of sticks/shatters, silicons, and batteries from photovoltaic components, and is currently in a rapid period of expansion.
Corporate products serve investors, developers, contractors, and end-users of distributed photovoltaic systems around the world. The company has taken advantage of the high demand for components and developed core technologies such as perc battery technology, n-topcon battery technology, cutting, multifast, welding, etc.
Pro, Tigerneo, among others, is leading the market for product performance. Figure 2: Corporate core manufacturing is located in the chain of photovoltaic industries. Founder of a long-term deep-deep-deep-deep business.
The pedestrians account for 5,862 million shares, with a share of 58.62%, while the marketed US platform, Jks.n, holds 100% of the crystal energy holdings, and the company actually controls Li Xinder, Chen Qingping and Lee Xinghua, with a combined share of 18.16% of the crystals energy holdings (jks.n). Crystal energy management is mostly the core management staff of the Crystal Energy Control Unit, of which Lee is the central manager.
Sender, Chen Kwangping, and Li Xinghua were founders of the Crystal Energy Holdings, experienced in the photovoltaics industry. Equity incentives formed a win-win. Before ipo, the company had established two major employee-owned partnerships, Ning Bong Jing and Jing Hailong, which incentivized the company’s management members and core technicians, and cumulatively awarded 23,888,480 copies.
The company's original ipo was distributed in three parts. The strategy was distributed in 600 million shares, or 6% of the total equity. The social security fund, the company's upstream and downstream company and its customers were involved in the distribution, with electricity and energy (celebrity) for new energy investments.
In addition to business clients, the strategic distribution includes three employee equity schemes, which together account for 1.68% of the total stock stock after issuance. Both executive and management are covered by the ipo platform, which highlights the company’s confidence in future development and enhances its motivation to work.
There is a clear division of tasks and industry experience. Dr. Kim Ho is responsible for research and development. He was the company's chief scientist, the vice president of research and development, the chief technical officer and the current deputy general manager. He is responsible for marketing. He is responsible for marketing. He has served as assistant to the president, the vice-general of marketing, the secretary of the board of directors, the chief marketing officer and the current deputy general manager.
The management of the company is highly educated, professional, and efficient. The management has one PhD and seven masters, who judge the front-line technology of the industry. The senior executive is 42 years old and has been at the firm for many years, with a rich history of industry.
Corporate revenue growth and high component operations. Benefiting from the development of the photovoltaic industry, the company’s business income grew rapidly, by billions, and benefited from a single crystal transformation strategy to optimize the product and cost structure, which grew by 405% in 2019, year-on-year. By year-on-year, Māori rates and net interest rates have risen and cost rates are under control.
Figure 8: Corporate cost control is good (%) with continuous additions to R & D inputs. Core technology is the backbone of science and technology enterprises, with corporate R & D spending in 2018-2021, cumulatively covering four national priority R & D plans, one national energy agency project and more than 100 other types of research
On 26 January 2022, the company came to the market in the first day of the market, with a total market value of hundreds of millions of yuan. This time, it is proposed to raise 6 billion yuan and raise 10 billion yuan.
The net amount of funds raised will be used entirely for the company’s main business development, including the 7.5gw and 5gw high-efficiency battery assembly projects, the Heining Research and Development Centre, and the replenishment of the company’s liquidity.
2. Photovoltaic demand has continued to grow, brands and channels have increased the concentration of boost components at the core of 2.1. Global parities have grown rapidly in photovoltaic industries with both clean and economic attributes. As countries increasingly focus on environmental protection,
With the declining costs of photovoltaic power generation, global photovoltaic electricity consumption has declined rapidly from 0.371 million/kwh in 2010 to $0.048/kwh in 2020, a decline of up to 87 per cent, the fastest-growing energy source of all renewable energy types and the cheapest form of energy in most countries and regions of the globe.
The system was formally established to identify the core pathways of mid-2060 to the peak of 2030, which, together with a combination of policies such as windy bases, new energy financing, and improved energy consumption and energy consumption control programmes, boosted the growth of domestic photovoltaics. The new approved project’s access to electricity is directly related to the price of coal on the target poles, and the price of electricity policy is expected to exceed the market, so domestic demand is expected to reach 85-95gw in 2022.
The same-year increase of 55 per cent plus, with the distribution of photovoltaic economics highlighting the fact that we expect domestic domestic domestic market demand to reach 40gw+ and business market demand to 15gw+. Figure 11: Annual installation of domestic photovoltaics and projections (gw, %)
The rise in overseas electricity prices and the further prominence of the photovoltaic economy, where demand is expected to increase by 30% + 2022 worldwide demand, 30% more than in 2022! The increase in carbon neutralization and the rapid growth in the demand for installed aircraft has been accelerated, and the European Photovoltaic Society has suggested that more attention needs to be paid to solar energy, with an upward revision of the EU photovolt build-up in 2030 expected to reach 1tw, compared to earlier levels.
The annual supply of silicon is determined to be installed year-round, with a total production capacity of 800,000 to 900,000 tons and a single-watt silicon consumption will be reduced to 2.7 g/w left right, with a total supply of silicon measured at over 300 gw, and we expect a 50% increase for the global installation of 240-250gw. In 2023, the supply of silicon is further released, and we expect that it will be up to 300 gw.
Photovoltaics will gradually grow from ancillary energy sources to primary energy sources, which will provide a vast increase in industrial space. As photovoltaic resource endowments and global prices rise, costs continue to decline rapidly and match the development of storage capacity, carbon emission reductions and targets are being achieved, power sector reductions and improved power generation structures are dependent on low-cost and efficient photovoltaics.
The annual light voltage is about 450gw and the year 2030 is about 1,300gw. 2.2. Large-scale trends are clear, with the rapid development of n-type technologies. Sustained innovation and cost optimization are the guarantee of stability for future industry development.
In this context, building capacity will be the key to component competition. The technology decline in silicon, silicon, silicon, and silicon links has slowed down, relying on new battery technologies and large-scale platforms to drive down electricity costs in the future.
Size upgrades, 182 mm & 210 mm. Large sizes have become an inevitable trend in the development of the photovoltaic industry. Large-scale inch products can effectively boost output per unit of time product and reduce production costs per watt. At the same time, large-scale silicon tablets can effectively increase the power of components, thereby reducing system end-to-end electricity costs and pushing up the economy of photovoltaic power.
Thanks to the network, markets are increasingly demanding high-efficiency photovoltaic components. With the general trend towards larger sizes, industry headlines in 2020, mainly based on large-scale capacity expansion, published new products of large-scale, high-power components, gradually forming a size camp of 182 mm "Long Crystal" and 210 mm co-opt.
The efficiency of the p type is nearing the upper limit, and technological routes such as hetogenesis (hjt), topcon, and ibc are accelerating. The battery lines are now mainly perc technology (part of which has been converted from bsf), with a market share of over 80%.
P-type monocrystal perc battery products are the dominant market at this stage, with production efficiency exceeding 23% and nearing the technological limit. Type N batteries have an advantage in conversion efficiency, but their cost is high, and market occupancy is still low.
Technology is now in a large-scale production import phase, with the market showing technological diversification in the form of single crystal perc batteries of the p type, which are represented by technology such as topcon, hjt and ibc. 2.3. Acceleration of concentration, branding and channeling of front-line mounds
Brands, channels, building industrial barriers, and the most powerful. The components are dominated by material encapsulation, which has been considered by the market to be the lowest barrier because of low unit capacity investment and simple technological processes. But the quality and longevity of the components determine the length of photovoltaic use, so downstream customers focus heavily on the branding of the components and demand no demand from component manufacturers.
In the ground power station market, it usually requires customer familiarity with brand names, cooperation with the power station project, stable supply lines, three stages, with the old leader settling and accumulating for almost 10 years, with the old component running far ahead of the rival in terms of the number of countries covered by overseas channels, the number of channels and the number of examples of installed customers; in the distributed market, the component end
Directly vis-à-vis distributors, installers, or consumers, with certain consumption attributes, the creation of channels and brands is a long process, so brands and channels are the absolute moats of the assembly leaders. The assembly industry has gradually increased its concentration, reaching 70% of the product in 2022.
Rapidly rising, affected by the epidemic and the price of the components in 2020, accelerated industrial integration and phase-out, with the city of Cr5 at a rapid rate of up to 56%, with branding advantages and better integrated layout of the industrial chain, Lungi, Crystal, and Crystal. We expect the top five dragon heads of the components to deliver more than 200gw in 2022, of which Lungi 60-65gw, Sky.
250gw, 1.15 tolerances, which account for 70% + of the industry. Crystal energy has long held the leading position, with photovoltaic component shipments ranked first in the world for the fourth consecutive year from 2016 to 2019, second in 2020, with component sector patterns projected for 2021 (gw by volume), figure 21: component sector patterns projected for 2022 (gw by volume)
Integration trends are clear, and there are differences in competition under homogenous products. In recent years, photovoltage has been rapid, and components have been downscaled in one way or another, by increasing the integration rate, which has led to the integration of a number of links between Lungi, Crystal, Crystal, Crystal and Sky.
The overseas export, large size, distribution ratio influences the price of the product. The component, as a standardized product at the end of photovoltaic manufacturing, has a certain homogeneity. But, under relatively homogenous products, there are differences and competitions among leading firms in the industry, and overseas exports, large sizes, and distributions tend to have a price advantage.
The share of exports was the highest, leading to high product premiums; the integration of Lungi, Crystal Australia and Crystal was high, laying the manufacturing edge; and the large-scale sky-change was the fastest and distribution the highest. Figure 25: Distribution of older components exceeded 30 per cent in 2021 (gw, %)
2.4. Step out of the bottom of the profit base, with a double increase in the yield, and see that, in the face of rising prices for silicon, 2021q1 is largely at the bottom, mainly due to higher domestic low prices, followed by a drop in the share of the lower price, glass offset by a rise in the price of silicon, and 2021q2 manufacturers have made some improvements in their profits.
Reverse; 2021q3-4 demand starts, and the component manufacturer’s output ring ratio increases by a larger size than we expect. The component has futures properties, the cost of the component will be significantly reduced in 2022-2023 due to the fall in the price of silicon, and the manufacturer’s orders will be made in advance, the ratio of the high price bill will be raised, and the profit of the component’s tap will be raised by about 1 to 3 points/w.
3. Brands, channel advantages, return to a+ new technologies to lay the foundations of kings 3.1. Brands, accumulated channels, old-fashioned leaders of integration 3.1.1. Globalization and creation of channel advantages 3.1.1.
By the end of 2021, the company had established offshore production bases in Malaysia and the United States, and overseas sales subsidiaries in more than 10 countries across the globe, largely globalized.
Countries and territories such as Europe, Australia, Japan, Korea, etc., sell their products to more than 160 countries and territories around the world, with more than 80% of sales revenue, coverage in developed and developing countries, and greater risk resistance. According to Enf, companies cover 61 countries and regions overseas, with 353 channels, with the same number of examples as in 1392.
The company’s overseas revenue is more than 75%, mainly due to exchange rate fluctuations and high overseas transport costs as a result of the epidemic.
Europe and the United States have a high share of corporate exports and enjoy high premium prices from high-end markets. The European and American markets account for a higher share of corporate revenues, with Europe and North America accounting for over 50% of corporate revenues in 2020, fully benefiting from high-end premiums from higher-end markets.
Europe and the US rely on domestic components to meet their needs, integrate overseas capacity, or effectively avoid double taxes. Companies are now in Malaysia.
In Western Asia, batteries have an annual chemical capacity of 6.3gw, components have an annual chemical capacity of 7.1gw, and in Viet Nam, silicone mills have been constructed, with an expected annual post-partum capacity of 7gw, and overseas bases will form an integrated 7gw component capacity that will be used primarily for the United States market. The US Department of Commerce will import solar energy from Cambodia, Thailand, Viet Nam, and Malaysia starting in March 2022.
Cells and components will be investigated, or tariffs will be levied on them. Only crystals in domestic components will be able to produce silicon in South-East Asia, possibly avoiding double counter-taxation. Europeans also made a clear suggestion that the EU would build its own 20gw supply chain by 2025, but we believe that the cost of self-built industrial chains in the Euro-American market would be high and that Chinese enterprise components would have to be imported.
US$/w and US$ 0.62/w, compared to US$0.89/w and US$1.56/w in 2021 for the construction of U.S. ground-based photovoltaic stations and industrial distributed photovoltaic systems. We therefore expect that the Euro-American market will not have the advantage of building its own industrial chain in the medium term and will have to rely on domestic firms to keep domestic component exports up.
The best-performance component recognizes that only two companies in the industry have such a privilege and long-term, reliable quality advantages. After many years of development, companies have gained an internationally renowned brand name and a good market image.
For the sixth year in a row, he was awarded the “most financingable” photovoltaic brand for the new energy source in Bloomberg. He was awarded the annual United Nations Industrial Development Organization (UNIDO) award for leading technology in the field of renewable energy of the highest value for investment, such as the Blue Sky in Technology, with a high degree of recognition within the industry and long-term cooperation between companies and large clients.
The creditability rating is a rating of the contribution of components to the unrecourse-based financing of photovoltaic projects by bnef, by assessing the items that satisfy the conditions, and by communicating with stakeholders in the photovoltaic industry, such as financial institutions. In the overseas photovoltaic market, power station investors are trying to minimize the potential for unrecoverable financing.
In recent years, the risk of project investment has become more important in terms of the financingability of component enterprises. Crystal energy has been at the forefront of the old component, and the financing rating has been at the top.
In 2008, the company made vertical mergers to enter the battery and component production chain downstream, and the idea of integrated layouts has continued. Over the past few years, the company’s silicon, battery-integrated mix, has been roughly 70-80%, 60-70% above and above.
By the end of 2021, the company's silicon, batteries, and components would produce 32.5, 24, and 45gw, respectively. The integrated layout created a firm's cost-side advantage, while maintaining stability in the company's supply chain in the process of volatile supply and demand in the industrial chain.
Weaker than our colleagues, the company completed the launch board in 2022, returned to a more friendly financing environment, and there was a good external arrangement for a cooperative silicon chain to secure the supply chain. The supply of silicon chain was tight between 2020 and the first half of 2022, and the industry was dominated by silicon.
From the point of view of component enterprises, the combination of experienced and accumulated silicon enterprise expansion is a more robust upward permeability idea. In August 2021, the company United Crystal Australia and the New Special Energy Co-increment project for the new Tent of 10,000-ton silicon project, with a 9% share in the company, smooths the cost fluctuations associated with rising and falling silicon prices.
3.2.topcon, which is a first-rate producer, has a strong downside efficiency strength. 3.2.1. The component industry seeks to break down and topcon is more cost-effective than hjt.
Topcon is more valuable than hjt during the conversion period. The product of the single crystal perc battery is the dominant in the market at this stage, with a volume efficiency of over 23 per cent and close to the technological limit. Type N batteries have an advantage in conversion efficiency, entering the conversion period of type n in 2021. Topcon compares perc: 1 pct with efficiency, with a nonsilicon cost of 0.05.
The total cost of batteries is 0.06 dollars. Topcon compares hjt: efficiency level, battery non-silicon cost 0.17 dollars, battery cost 0.17 dollars, subject to factors such as the high consumption of silver slurry and the fact that hjt is not yet saturated relative to perc and topcon. Furthermore, topcon is well compatible with the existing perc line, currently only $60-080 million/gw can be converted up.
Topcon line. More likely to be accepted by the existing battery plant than hjt requiring a re-engineering of the production line. Battery efficiency increase by 1 pct, with a premium of about $0.09/w for downstream components. Depending on the sensitivity of battery efficiency, downstream premiums can be accepted as conversion efficiency increases. When battery conversion efficiency increases, it can be carried.
To reduce the cost of the system, assuming that the full cost of the photovoltaics remains the same, and that the cost of the efficient battery is reduced by the cost of the system. Specifically, when the efficiency of the battery conversion is increased from 23% to 24%, the cost increase of the component is 0.09/w. Topcon is economical relative to perc. The price of the photovoltaic batteries is based on conversion efficiency, conversion efficiency.
Higher than 1 pct, the sales price can be about $0.09/w higher. The current total cost of topcon batteries is $0.06/w higher than perc, and, given the higher power of the topcon component, can lead to savings in the cost of system end base, scaffolding, cable, man, etc., at bos costs $0.03/w lower than perc.
The excess gain relative to perc is $0.06/w. Topcon has an economy relative to perc! 3.2.2. The pre-eminence advantage of efficient and low-cost efficiency is clear, with topcon moving to accelerated N batteries repeatedly breaking world record, with a maximum efficiency of 25.4%.
In 2019, the company invested in the gw class n battery test production line, and in 2021 it achieved a 25.4% efficiency in the laboratory N monocrystal cell, and has now achieved a steady yield efficiency of 24.5%, a 99% success rate. This record solar battery uses a high-quality, straight-ton single silicon silicon.
Efficiency breakthroughs have been achieved through innovations and optimization of materials, such as grid metalization, depth mixing, low parasitic absorption materials, and self-developed high-power cell technology packages. Topcon high-efficiency component products yield significant efficiency gains and demand is expected to increase rapidly.
The company ' s high-end component product, launched in 2021, uses the company ' s most recently developed non-topcon battery film, which features high power, efficiency, high reliability and low decay, and has a wide audience in high-power applications for distribution households. Compared to standard or large-sized single crystal perc, the Tigerneo series is in conversion efficiency, power and power.
There are obvious cost advantages, using the n-topcon technology, with a mass output power of up to 620w and a conversion efficiency of up to 22.30%. As the full photo-voltage price rises, the demand for the cost and efficiency of the components increases, and we anticipate a rapid increase in the demand for the efficient components.
Topcon has expanded significantly, and we expect the company to deliver around 10gw in 2022 and enjoy the first wave of dividends. The department delivered 8gw Topcon capacity in January and February 2022, which will be completed in April/May, and 16gw capacity in June, and we expect the company to deliver 10gw in 2022, with the n-type cargo moving through the components.
We expect the company to produce 24.5 per cent of its output, with a flat cost of integration, full access to the high premium of new technologies, and a significant improvement in profitability. Moreover, the company's leading battery producers, such as Astronomy, Central China, Crystal Australia, had a Topcon expansion scheme of over 5gw in 2022, and the specialized battery producers had set aside Topcon.
Line upgrade space, topcon year. 3.2.3. Research and development has been very fruitful, and multiple technological routes have been developed together. Research and development has been strong and powerful. Crystal energy has grown from silicon to components for many years.
By the end of 2021, the company had 1,395 R & D technicians and 4.5% of R & D staff, and the core R & D staff had a point research and development programme in the field of photovoltaic batteries and components, a National Energy Agency project and over 100 other types of research and research projects, with efficiency in battery tablets.
The first published international standards (iec 63202-1) in the photovoltaic battery industry were prepared to provide the industry with a uniform method of photo-degradation testing. Three-point technology leads, keeping the leader competitive.
The silicon chain, the company ' s pull-stick power consumption, single-cooked input, and the parent-line diameter of the diamond line are significant, superior to the industry level, and constitute an excellent competitiveness for the lower non-silicon cost of the silicon chain; the battery chain, the company ' s efficiency of the p-n-type battery, is superior to the industry ' s efficiency in generating power; and the component link, the company ' s power-generation power cell, has a full-scale lead.
The company now has a total of $5.05 billion in research projects involving batteries, components, light storage integration, a wide range of coverage, a clear target, a strong input, and a variety of new technologies.
3.3. Unlocking the burden, the king returns a shareholder ' s net profit of $1,141 million, an increase of 9.59 per cent over the same period. The deduction of non-recurring gains and losses is attributable to the equity holders of listed companies: (1) an improvement in the financing environment and a reduction in financial costs.
As of March 2022, companies issued debt swaps, market financing conditions were more liberal, marketed, and companies would use equity financing more effectively than the US stock market.
The cost of the capital is expected to improve by 1 per cent, with the conversion of single-watt profits increasing by more than one point. (2) Effective repair of short panels of batteries and higher integration rates.
11gw is an old line built many years ago, with a small-size production capacity of up to 9gw, with a high cost of battery chain production and a high sales price. After the company plans to return a, the battery capacity was expanded to 32.5/24/45gw at the end of 2021, with an overall rate of 53%. A further expansion of the N battery output of 16gw in 2022 will effectively increase the integration rate, moving into one.
Figure 49: Corporate integration rate (%) (3) turns to freight pressure and reduces profits.
However, with the global economic recovery, the demand for maritime transport has risen, while the cost of alternative air transport has been high, combined with the continued elimination of maritime shipping, which has led to a sharp fall in maritime supply below demand, which has led to a sharp rise in shipping costs, with China’s export-assembled container price index reaching about 3300 points from 1750 a year early.
In 2022, freight costs increased, but the company anticipated an increase in freight costs, and the operating costs are expected to decrease under the fine-tuning of the new order (4). In 2018-2020, management costs were accounted for by management fees for the Malay factory and the Sichuan Bar workshop, respectively.
In 2022, the overall freight cost doubled from 2021 to a single-watt increase of almost 50%, but, under fine management, the cost of freight in new orders has been passed out and the operating costs are expected to decrease.
The world’s major markets will remain in the lead, and the Chinese markets are expected to rise. Crystal Energy, the number one global photovoltaic component for the fourth consecutive year in 2016-2019, 22.23gw for the 2021 component, and 18.8gw for the 2020 component, with a global city share of 14.4 per cent, and 80 per cent of the global installed capacity in 2020 comes from the top ten photovoltaic countries.
With the price of silicon rising in 2021 and company listing, i.e. with stable profits at its core, component exports in 2021 dropped slightly to 12% of the right. In 2022, companies increased their financial capacity after a share was marketed, and marketing gene-driven advantages of overseas channels will continue to be maintained.
At the same time that companies are investing more in domestic markets, we expect high growth in their output, a steady increase in their share of domestic and foreign markets, and a 13% increase in the share of cities. The introduction of new topcon products, with higher integration +n-type premiums, boosts the flow of new technologies.
Topcon year, the company took the lead in expanding the topcon battery by 16gw, compared to the company with the coronary light power of 8gw, Crystal Australia 6.5gw, and the crystalline energy. The conversion rate of the topcon was higher than that of the conventional perc battery, while the average conversion efficiency of the company ' s mass output was 24.5%, ranked first in the industry and was large in size.
With the expansion of the company's battery production capacity, silicon, battery, and component capacity have increased to 42.5/40/50gw, the integration rate has increased to 80% and short panels have been filled, and the profits are expected to improve considerably. In 2022, we expect a premium for the topcon package. On March 9, the CNS component of 6-7.5gw was opened with a bid showing a double-faced N.
The premium represents a very attractive downstream product, and the company's Topcon is expected to deliver 10gw a year, and the new technology is fast-disbursing. The brand is excellent, the distribution ratio is rising, and the household market is expected to be quite diverse.
The power generation capacity is constantly being exploited, and policies such as county-wide boosts, central documents, etc., have been introduced in the centre to support the development of household photovoltaics. In 2021, the number of new photovoltaic installed units in households increased by 114 per cent, compared with the previous 114 per cent. In 2022, the price-free market space was expected to exceed 40gw.
In 2014-2021, companies were recognized as Pvel's Best Performance Component for seven consecutive years, with only two companies in the industry being honoured with long-term, reliable quality advantages, good brand reputation, and market image. And distributed market channels are much more visible than the distribution patterns of centralized power plants.
Actively raising brand visibility and promoting the construction of distributed channels, distribution ratios, distribution markets are expected to expand, leading positions are strong, and city rates are expected to increase even further. In 2021, companies were constrained by a number of factors, with 22.23gw products from their components, and industry rankings were down. But in essence, companies were not pulled out of the gap and were close to comparable deliveries.
The brand and channel advantages that have accumulated over the years are still in place, and the market share is expected to be more profitable after short-term fluctuations: the price of silicon production rose rapidly in 2021, the Māori rate of silicon was slightly reduced, the silicon production was released gradually, prices were reduced and the components were repaired gradually, taking into account the improved mix of company integration.
Topcon’s new product has a higher premium, and we expect the company’s Māori ratio to rise better than the industry. Competition has increased. The more competitive and productive industry in photovoltaic power will have an impact on the profitability of firms within the industry if competition increases further.
The growth of the overall installed machinery has been administratively constrained and interfered with. The globalization of the photovoltaic sector is evident, and the industrial chain is largely domestic and foreign-based.
With the approval of the China Securities and Supervisory Board, there is an investment advisory committee on securities.