Resource and Environmental Research Centre International Lines are growing too fast and investment returns compensate for some of the decline in performance Company fundamentals (RMB)
Increases in international lines have accelerated, affecting the overall level of return: companies have introduced speed-up capacity from 20172 aircraft into the international line, but the recovery in international line demand has not been sufficient to support excessive growth, and the overall q3 single-season return level has risen. q3 quarter international ask has increased by 13.9 per cent (overall).
The overall occupancy rate is still the same as 0.1 pct, and the revenue level includes the fuel surcharge effect, 1. " Non-oil cost controls are effective, investment returns result in withholding, and we measure an increase of about 2.8 per cent for the q3 single season.
The exchange rate of oil prices has been sharp and the return on investment has partly declined: q3 season operating costs have increased with a large 79 per cent increase in net return earnings, relative remittances Māori rates have fallen by the same 3.9 pct, and the projected cost of aviation oil is the main factor. q3 quarter RMB is the other factor.
The exchange rate of the United States dollar depreciated by 4.0 per cent, and the projected exchange loss of approximately $1.72 billion during the q3 quarter, calculated on the basis of the semi-annual disclosure of exchange losses and depreciation of the renminbi, became a significant drop in net profit returns for the current season, partially compensating for the decline in operating profits.
The launch of the new airport in Beijing will provide an opportunity for development: when the new airport in Beijing is completed, the entire division will be relocated to the new airport, such as the South China Airlines, which will have an absolute lead position at the airport in the capital, a market share or
High-quality routes, with higher fares releasing profit elasticity - 80% will be brought closer to international mature hub airport competition patterns. This will help to build its hub at the capital airport New Airline Network, bringing together high-value passengers by increasing the proportion of transit flights.
The company has already started to speed up the introduction of aircraft to create new time configurations. However, during the short-term construction of the New York hub, new routes have been cultivated, and the company’s rask has increased or will be under pressure.
Price priority strategy, leading in terms of quality of return: the new airport diversion provides it with a huge market share at the capital airport. Su Bo-hung's competitive advantage, building a network of hub routes, and increasing transit rates and profitability.
The diversion of the new airport in Beijing was over-expected, with higher oil prices and exchange rate fluctuations.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment