The new bill shows a strong growth in non-car insurance, an event: 1q21 operating income of $15,126 billion, or +9.4 per cent, and a net profit of $8,547 million, compared to the Chinese taupuleg (6,1601)
One quarter of the total life insurance premium, Wang Qing Dynasty, is largely due to better performance at the opening gate and better at a low base.
Since March, the demand overdrafts have been cut off by pre-opening and heavy disease, with agents not yet adapted to the sale of new heavy disease products, and the premium has not been able to sustain the January/February growth rate, which has shifted from positive to negative.
A strong increase in non-car insurance contributed to a faster increase in insurance premiums for movable property. Insurance income from insurance was 43,750 million yuan per quarter, or +12 per cent per year, with non-car insurance revenue rising from +41.0 per cent to 50.0 per cent per year.
Since that time, companies have deepened the finer management of their car insurance clients, strengthened innovation and optimized online service platforms, and worked hard to develop non-car insurance products to provide new dynamic energy for premium growth. Investment returns have remained robust.
\triangleright is influenced by a quarter of equity market fluctuations and downside long-end interest rates, and companies actively allocate long-term government debt to match the long-term duration of asset liabilities, while increasing cash allocation to reduce equity-type investments.
The overall return remained robust, with a net return on investments of 3.9 per cent per quarter, compared to 0.3 ppts, total investment impact, new policy premium pressure. Given the increase in staff since the second quarter, the gradual realization of the three teams ' effectiveness and the gradual adaptation of agents to the sale of new and severe products, we anticipate that
Now that the new list is close to the bottom, it's expected to warm up gradually. The current stock price is only 0.61 x, we keep looking at healthy old age and excellent corporate governance, and risk factors: agent growth is not as fast as expected: agent productivity continues to decline.
\triangleright clerks fall; significant volatility in capital markets results in a sharp decline in investment returns; interest rate downsides will narrow down interest rate tool spread space and influence accounting profits.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
Figure 1: New policy premiums (millions of dollars) and speed increases. Wang Ji Dynasty, Master of Arts, Graduated in International Finance, Enterprise, University of Duren, United Kingdom. He was former Deputy General Manager of the Naval Capital Leasing Industry, General Manager of the Yonghai Leasing Industry, and was employed in China Xin Xinjiang Portfolios, and Hseng. Joined the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre in November 2019, he was in charge of non-monetary financial research.
Judinin, Master of Arts, Graduated in Finance, University of Glasgow, United Kingdom, worked in Taiwan's Fu State Securities and Silver Securities, and joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in April 2020 for research in the non-banking financial sector. Wang Jing, Master of Arts, Graduated in Finance, Boston University, United States of America, joined the Sindak Securities Research and Development Centre in 2019 for research in the non-banking financial sector
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.