New life insurance list, non-car insurance business. Recommended (for the first time) China Quarterly Review 2021
29 April 2021, China Pacific Agency (CPS) reported in the first quarter of 2021 that it achieved operating income of $151,263 million, an increase of 9.4 per cent in the same year; net return to mothers of $8,547 million, an increase of 1.9 per cent in the same year; and income from insurance operations.
Billion dollars, an increase of 3.9 per cent over the same period; K$43,747 million in income from the insurance operation from the insurance operation from the insurance policy, an increase over the same period; Research Assistant: Lui Ziang, the reform of the insurance policy has accelerated. In the first quarter of 2021, the insurance operation from the insurance from the insurance policy was realized from the insurance policy.
Revenue of 95.438 billion yuan, an increase of 3.9 per cent over the same period, represents a 35.9 per cent increase in the speed with which the personal client business agent channel is operating, and a significant improvement.
Keeping an eye on the impact of product reforms on new insurance operations. The revenue from the renewal of operations was $70,662 million, a decrease of 3.1 per cent, which was the main reason for the decline in the overall operating income from life insurance.
This represents an increase of 12.0 per cent, including: $21.867 billion in vehicle insurance operations, a decrease of 7.0 per cent in the same year, continuation of the impact of the insurance changes, and pressure on vehicle insurance revenues; $21.880 billion in non-car insurance operations, a corresponding increase of 41.0 per cent; improved non-car insurance quality control; higher value of non-car insurance products; and higher income.
Investment recommendations: The company’s quarterly reporting data is largely in line with market expectations: the new policy and non-car insurance revenue are improving significantly. Watching the company’s well-being and the employee incentive scheme, the introduction of former friendly ceo helps to transform the value of life insurance products, while the company works with China.
The cooperation of scientific and technical companies, such as the Ministry of Information, has helped to upgrade financial science and technology capabilities and to look forward to the future development of the company; the “market index” of this rating system has been given 300 indexes of depth.
This report is produced with knowledge. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.