Automobile e-capsules with a boom in market prices. Automobile e-prices with a sharp upturn in the front-loading market. Emerging countries are driving the world back to a peak, with Chinese car sales leading the world for eight years in a row.
There is room for breakthroughs in electronic penetration, and future sustained growth in the downstream car market will drive demand up, and car electronics are expected to rise at full current prices. At the same time, it is expected that, benefiting from increased consumption, vehicle-borne entertainment functions, LCD dashboards, etc., will accelerate penetration; and the catalytic effect of “electricity, intelligence, and car connectivity” will be expected to raise the value of electronic bicycles.
There's more than 30 high-quality passenger sources in the field of farming, breaking out of production bottlenecks or rising up, and Desai Siwei, as leader of the domestic auto electronics industry, has a strong front-loading market, product lines cover car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car fun, and the city of Desai has limited industrial development.
Musical systems, air-conditioning controllers, driving information displays, and smart driving aids. The major customers are the general public, the crowds, and the Gilly cars, and the rapid growth in the sales of autonomous brands has also led to a high rate of growth in corporate revenue.
In December 2017, the company went to the market. ipo raised funds to invest in the development and production of smart network cars and autopilots; when the project was agreed, the company would gain a higher market share.
The DRC publishes an opinion draft for the Smart Car Innovation Development Strategy, which plans to reach 50% of smart cars by 2020, and the automobile industry will be a wave of adas. The company is looking ahead to the future of the market, with a 100-degree bcu and mapauto dimensions of R & D. At the same time, the landscape system has grown in importance, and the company has a leading role in the system.
We're continuing to spend a lot of money on research and development, and we're supporting the company to enter a virtuous cycle of informing the company of its products and of its rapid growth; we're going to take full account of Xue Xue Yui Ice, No. 18 Ang on Maysan Road, Heung Fu City, Anhui Province, China
The International Finance Center (IFC) has a seat at the State dollar securities company profile: a car-borne electronic tap, opening a new course, 1.1 company profile: inheriting Germany's advanced ideas, transforming itself to activate the domestic market.
In March of that year, the Desai industry acquired all foreign shares, and the company became a holding company under the banner of the Desai industry.
The module works with the development and manufacture of products such as systems, body control modules and smart driving support systems and establishes good partnerships with a wide range of well-known car manufacturers at home and abroad.
The company ' s first major shareholder is the company of the State Finance Committee of Huixiang City, Desai Industrial Development Co. Ltd., which holds 58.3 per cent of Wiyongde, Weyongjie, Weongchang, Weongsheng and Heng Wei, five partnerships are the company ' s employee holding platform, and the funders are the company ' s management and the core R & D team ' s five partnerships, with a total of 178 persons holding 19.43 per cent of the company ' s total.
1.3 Main battalion operations: high-end product development, market crowding The company's main products are car-borne information and entertainment systems, vehicle-borne air conditioning controllers, driving information display systems, etc. Car-borne information and entertainment systems: since 1992 Dessehway has built up car-borne information and entertainment with a strong research and development capability
The main products are radios, cd receivers, 6cd receivers, colour screens, remote information units Vehicle air-conditioning controllers: the air-conditioning controller products developed and produced by Desai Weiwei have been widely used in the market for excellence.
Comfortable control algorithms that automatically regulate temperature, air distribution, ventilation, etc., provide a comfortable interior environment for the driver. The main products are two-space full automatic air-conditioning controllers, single-area full automatic air-conditioning controllers, back row air-conditioning controllers, electric power air-conditioning controllers, manual air-conditioning controllers, integrated panels, black box air-conditioning controllers, etc.
Driving information display system: while building on the existing business, Desai Siwei has grown in autonomy, new capabilities and new product lines, and has been involved in driving information 10 years ago, which has now become one of the company’s main product lines. The main products are the conventional instrumentation of the vehicle, the tft instrument of the vehicle, the full liquid crystal instrument of the vehicle.
Commercial car tft instruments, engineering instruments, etc., according to the company ' s 16-year financial statements, the vehicle-borne entertainment system, vehicle-borne information systems, vehicle-borne air conditioning controllers, vehicle-borne information display systems, engine management information share revenues of $29.94, 17.44, 5.04, 295, and $89 million respectively.
Display modules and systems: Provide global users with vehicle-grade vehicle-borne display screens and display systems, which are an important industrial layout for the development of the electronics business of the Dexahway vehicle. In 2014, Dexavic developed a series of vehicle-level display models and high-end display system products with strong research and development capabilities, starting to supply vehicle display systems to the international branded car factory customers.
At the same time, the technical difficulties of the Dessai Ville offensive led to the development of a series of new “clear-touch” displays based on infrared technology, which became the first motor electronics enterprise in the country to produce a vehicle-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-in-touch display. 1.4. Major clients: internal and external customers are stable and clients have high-quality resources.
The top five clients of the company are General Mitsubishi, Volkswagen, Great Wall Motors, Mazdamotor, Volkswagen, selling 16.53 per cent, 13.44 per cent, 11.71 per cent, 11.43 per cent, 11.06 per cent respectively.
Vertical comparison; analysis of the company’s overall business situation. We've chosen to compare electronics, Hwayang Group, Pathfun Technology, Sofni shares, and profit electronics. 1) Corporate income and profitability
Listed enterprises; all-time electronics are listed companies whose net profits are growing faster than their gross operating income, rising from $98 million in 2013 to 5.9 in 2016, as a result of bills and accounts payable as a result of company sales and further expansion of the scale of business.
The company’s profitability has increased considerably in recent years, and all of its earnings indicators show a strong profitability. The company’s growth of roe and roic is similar, showing that the company’s main profits are generated by the firm operation of its existing main business.
By contrast with other counterparts, the profitability of companies has increased in recent years more than that of their counterparts and more than that of the industry as a whole. Corporate capacity is generally at the upstream level of the industry.
The turnover rate, total asset turnover and fixed asset turnover have increased to varying degrees; horizontally, except for inventory turnover, which is slightly lower than the industry average, the remaining indicators are upstream in the industry. The higher fixed asset turnover rate is due mainly to the expansion of the company ' s operations over the past year; corporate fund-raising for investment expansion has increased further.
The volatility of total asset turnover has also been affected by the expansion of investment. Overall, companies operate slightly more than industry averages.
Both demand and consumption are driven by a combination of high e-prices for cars, and the boom in the automotive electronics sector is driven by both market demand and policy orientation. The impact of these two major factors on the automotive electronics sector is examined separately in this section; and the development of space for the Chinese automobile electronics sector is finally studied in this chapter.
2.1 Automobile e-markets are growing rapidly and the product life cycle is leading to a boom in auto e-equipment. Automobile e is the overall name of a variety of electronic devices installed on cars, which can be broken down into four main categories: power control, safety control, telecommunications entertainment, and body electronics. According to Deloitte, most of the products of auto-electronics are currently developed as a result of their development.
Longer, the product has reached maturity or decline in its life cycle. The power-controlled products are also expected to reach 40% penetration in advanced markets, such as Europe and the United States, in 2018, as a result of the issuance of government policy papers and increasingly stringent environmental regulations.
Auxiliary systems (adas), which are still in import periods and long-term excessive nodes, are used only in a few high-end types of vehicles; unattended applications also depend on a combination of technological maturity and value-for-product considerations. Communications and entertainment products are constantly receiving attention from car manufacturers as a result of the larger trend of car digitization and intelligence; and as a result of new cars in the European and American markets.
The development of EMIS is particularly significant in the case of embedded car-borne information systems, which are expected to reach $23.4 billion worldwide in 2016, and 10% compound growth in 2012-2016. The development of car-borne electronics has driven the car industry to flourish again and again over the past decades.
The ongoing innovation in the automobile industry has also greatly stimulated the use of new electronic systems in cars; both the birth of abs technology and the spread of gdi; successively promoting the development of automobiles into higher-tech products that are safer, energy-efficient and environmentally friendly; and the positive performance of active braking systems, cruise systems and navigational systems in the market, which has also boosted steam.
The road to electrification, intelligence, and car networking has continued, with a significant increase in the diversification of the automotive electronics sector, and a proliferation of automobile electronics. In recent years, the electronics market has grown at an average rate of 16.44%; in just five years, it has grown from US$ 32.8 billion in size to US$ 74.06 billion in 2016.
2.2 Development of the national strategy, policy support for the introduction of a period of development of the gold, thanks to the demand for industrial development and the national strategic development plan, the automobile electronics sector is growing rapidly. The country has put in place a number of policies to encourage industrial development; according to the Directory of Guidance on Industrial Restructuring (2011 edition, revised 2013),
The importance of the automotive electronics industry has been recognized by the national government; the Car Industry Adjustment and Renewal Plan, launched by the Ministry of Industry and Communications in 2012, reiterated its strong support for the development of electronic controls and systems such as body stability, suspension control, power-drive control, electronic fluid suppression, bus bus bus lines, digital instrumentation, etc.; and just last April, it was modified by the Ministry of Industry and Communications.
The importance of developments in the electronics of advanced automobiles such as electronics, auto-driving systems, and core chips was again noted in the Medium- and Long-term Development Plan for the Automobile Industry, published jointly by the Commission and the Ministry of Science and Technology. 2.3 Profitable space goes hand-in-hand with penetration space, and the prospects are high.
With the development and spread of new energy vehicles, the need for electronic devices for cars will increase significantly in the future. On the one hand, with the future development of automobiles “intelligent, electric, commercialized, shared”; with new types of energy, unmanned vehicles, and vehicle connectivity, three major trends will emerge.
On the other hand, because of the increase in consumption, it is becoming increasingly difficult for traditional, single-sex cars that are only a means of transport.
To meet the growing social needs of today’s society; today, where material civilization is highly developed, more and more people are beginning to pursue the same prosperity of spiritual civilization. According to research into changes in the current structure of automobile consumption in China, the main power force in automobile consumption remains the 12-180,000 renminbi-denominated consumer in 2014-2016, respectively.
And it's different, with high- and middle-cost electronics far higher than low-cost cars, and new-energy electronics higher than conventionally, which suggests that in the future, the profits of the automobile electronics industry will be considerable. Fortunately, the bright future of the automobile electronics industry is not only because of its huge profit margin, but also because of its much greater penetration.
By 2015, only 15.15 per cent of the total of 24,597,600 vehicles were equipped with intelligent vehicle-borne entertainment information systems. Such a huge horizontal development space (infiltration space and profit space) reveals a more steaming future in this booming industry.
2.4 The growth of the global automobile market, the development of the world-leading automobile electronics industry in China, is positively related to the car-to-car situation as well as to the macroeconomic situation. A correlation analysis shows that the automotive electronics sector is developing in relation to the car-to-car industry, with a coefficient of 0.822; the car-to-car-to-car industry.
There is a positive correlation between industry and macroeconomics, with coefficients of 0.902 and 0.819, respectively. Thus, as can be seen, there is a strong correlation between the growth and decline of the automotive sub-industry and its downstream car industry as a whole.
Developments and trends in the past, the present and the future of the industry. 1) A steady growth in the old country of automobiles, with new national volumes activating global automobile production, according to the International Association of Automotive Manufacturers (oica) 2017, total global automobile production is from 2008
According to World Bank statistics, the global combined growth rate of gdp from 2008 to 2016 was 3.32%, below the global increase in total automobile sales. The steady growth in the global automobile industry was not only due to the steady growth of traditional car-making countries, such as Germany, the United States, Japan, but also to “Golden.”
Brazil, Russia, India, and China, which are emerging developing countries, are at the centre of the BRIC. Adding to the global intelligent manufacturing revolution, which has led to higher levels of automobile manufacturing and a further release of demand from more emerging markets, the global automobile market is expected to continue to grow more robustly in the future.
With the exception of the United States of America, which has seen a slight increase in recent years, the fastest growth rate has been in China, where the production rate has increased rapidly from 13 per cent in 2008 to 40 per cent in 2016; according to Oica, in 2009 China surpassed Japan for the first time as the world’s largest automobile producer. The rest of the countries have maintained relatively stable markets.
China’s automobile sales are once again the world’s highest, and future sales are expected to expand again, and China’s automobile sales are expected to grow further in the future as urbanization accelerates and incomes rise further.
Chinese automobile sales have risen steadily. From 22.13 million vehicles and 21.9 million vehicles in 2013, they rose to 2.97 million vehicles and 2.89 million vehicles in 2017, with a compound growth rate of 8.69 per cent and 8.53 per cent, respectively; this is higher than the increase in the value of gdp over the same period, with our share of vehicle production in total vehicle production increasing repeatedly.
This, on the one hand, has been affected by the rapid growth of the national economy in recent years. Since the 1980s, when we made the automobile industry the mainstay of the national economy, the Government has been policy- and regulatory-oriented on a number of occasions to stimulate the growth of the automobile industry and encourage the population to consume it, thereby bringing about a blow-out growth in the automobile industry.
On the other hand, China’s per capita income has risen repeatedly as a result of high economic growth. According to World Bank statistics, since reform and opening up, China’s per capita gdp has risen from $89.6 in 1960.
By 2016, $8123.2; the living standards of the population had improved significantly, leading to an escalation in consumption, represented by car consumption, and since then the country has entered a typical period of widespread car consumption in the car market; this has led to a further increase in the level of private car consumption in the country, as well as to prospects for the growth of the automobile market.
However, our vehicle holdings for thousands of people are still below the global average, and there is not much room for development than in major car-producing countries around the world. According to statistics, when the average per capita Gdp in Japan and South Korea is $10,000, the number of cars for thousands of people in both countries is about 200.
There will be 260 million vehicle holdings, with 43 million vehicles in development space compared to the 217 million currently available. The " Smart Car Innovation Development Strategy " , launched at the beginning of the year, states that smart cars will cover 50 per cent by 2020 and that there will be more room for electronic car market development.
Positioning the pre-brand, looking at the future of international research and development, this section deals with the company’s position in the industry, exploring the future of the company’s product market and its strategic development.
A comparison of changes, the intensity of R & D and the volume of sales by major clients is analysed. The strategic development prospects of enterprises are analysed through the management of their employees and the future layout of their development.
1) Industry share has risen repeatedly, with a positive industrial dividend growing, with a total of 2.3725 million vehicles, 2.4838 million vehicles and 28.193 million vehicles produced in the country from 2014 to 2016, and product sales in Dessahwie from 2014 to 2016 amounting to 3,922, 5.098,000 units and 5.907 million units, respectively;
This represents 16.53 per cent, 20.53 per cent and 20.95 per cent of the total market; there has been a further increase in the market share of the company ' s products. 2) The international front-line companies have been tied up to focus on the front-loading market, where the share of sales in the company ' s front-loading market has increased year-on-year and the share of sales in the backseat market has declined.
About 7 per cent of the market share in the backseat has gradually declined to about 1 per cent in the first half of 2016; at the same time, the share of the company in the pre-sport market has changed mainly as a result of the company ' s entry into the global supply chain of Mazdamodor since 2013 and its increasing position in the global supply chain of Mazdamodor; plus 2013-2016
The country's output by car has been increasing repeatedly, and its share of sales in the front-loading market has been increasing. And the owners of the back-loading market have been able to divert their resources because of the heat of the front-loading market; and the high amount of research and development expenditure generated by mobile navigation and the front-loading market has created an advantage in the industry.
(a) The company has acquired proficiency in key core technologies such as bus bus technology, navigation engines and software, fully automated air conditioning controllers and combination instrumentation, smart driver-assisted core algorithm technology, vehicle display modules and display system technology;
In 2017, the company had 1231 R & D personnel, or 30.62% of all employees, including 178 and more graduate students. Since 2014, the company has been in the lead in the entire industry, demonstrating the importance it attaches to R & D innovation and positive innovation.
Research and development (R & D) of companies has remained at over 6 per cent over the years, leading the R & D industry; in particular, in recent years, the investment in R & D of companies has increased repeatedly, with successive research on smart vehicle-borne information systems, the 360° Panoramic Environment System (svs), and the DTP Alert System (ldw). Since 2010, companies have received more than 950 patented technologies.
4. The top five clients of the company are the public, the Volkswagen, the General Mitsubishi, the Great Wall, and the Mazdamotor. The top five major client structures of the company have changed somewhat in the last three years.
From its third and fifth place in 2014, it was raised to its second place in the first half of 2017, perhaps because of a correlation between the volume of production and sales that has continued to rise in recent years by the crowds and the crowds. The volume of sales under the umbrella of the crowds has continued to rise; and the amount of sales that have been made is even greater by the creation of a new series of money transmissions in 2017.
In 2016, the company contributed to the increase in sales through the sale of the customer ' s blasted car, and, by combining the supply of the joint venture full-scale manufacturer, deepening its cooperation with high-quality customer resources, cutting into the blast-backed vehicle, with the prospect of obtaining more orders in the future, thereby increasing the returns. By increasing its cooperation with the downstream full-scale car factory, the company would have benefited from a significant increase in sales by the entire vendor.
Overall, in terms of the layout of the company's product: the company concentrates its available resources on the front-loading market, providing a sustained higher average of the industry's R & D expenditure to secure product renewal and performance; and, at the same time, strengthening its cooperation with the downstream garage as a whole, actively matching the needs of the entire garage with its existing high R & D capacity.
The loading market. If the entire car industry is strong in the future, the profits of the company will benefit from the profits of the entire car industry, with more advanced R & D projects; if the company is strengthened in R & D, it will be expected to obtain more full-car dealer orders to achieve profit: the product layout of the enterprise at this stage is entering a virtuous circle.
3.2 Strategic corporate development prospects: Stakeholder locks in R & D, deploys overseas development space 1) Stakeholder shares, stimulates efficiency
Heinzung, Weyende, Weyungjie, Weyongchang, Weyongsheng, and Youngwei have 10 partnerships that provide 357 employee ownership and equity incentives for members of the nuclear core research and development team; a total of $148 million in nominal shares, accounting for 26.92 per cent of the company's total stock.
2) Multi-national industry layout, exploiting overseas resources, while operating in China, has also established three overseas subsidiaries to develop and service local customers. The overseas layout is an important strategic plan for the company, with the creation of each of the European German, Desai Seaway, Singapore.
The countries and areas where the company has chosen to set up overseas subsidiaries are globally known car manufacturing sites and, while serving customers, are also responsible for the company’s advanced technology R&D and product development. Singapore is located in South-East Asia, where there is great potential for the development of automobile electronics and related industries; at the same time, it benefits from the National University of Singapore, and the National University of Singapore.
Internationally recognized higher education institutions, such as Nanyang University of Technology, have been effective in attracting skilled professionals from countries like India, Malaysia, and Indonesia, with better conditions and environment for setting up R & D centers. Companies also have stable customer relationships with Japanese mazdamotor.
Large clients; annual sales as a proportion of total corporate sales were 11.2 per cent from 2014 to the first half of 2017, the global supply chain position was increasing, and the income from mazdamotor sales was growing steadily.
The company, formerly Siemens of Central European Electronics Industries Ltd., was acquired by Widio Hong Kong and Siemens and renamed Wiedeo Motors and Electronics Ltd.; it acquired 70 per cent of its shares in January 2010 by mainland Germany and became a real control.
In April of the same year, Desai Industries acquired foreign equity, which was officially established in Desaiville. It benefited from long-term acceptance of advanced management systems made by German industries, smelting; companies were well managed and demanding products. 4) The company succeeded ipo, with high new technology R & D capabilities, went up to the next floor.
The funds obtained, net of distribution costs, will be used for all projects related to the company ' s main business, namely, the Auto-Intelligent and Power Plant Project, the Auto-Mobile Inter-Integration Project and the Auto-Mobile Connectivity Research and Development Centre Project: the remaining funds will be used to supplement liquidity.
There are 11 products and technologies in the company’s current stage of operation. Of these, three are smart network technologies, adas.
8 cases of autopilot technology. 3 cases of smart network combined technology were studied on the anandroid operating system, for the subsequent dual operating system, for the linux+android dual operating system, and for wireless wifi carplay on cars and apple phones. 8 cases of adas autopilot technology were studied on infrared and system demo, respectively.
We've got 24g mm wave radar technology, low-sized 720p high-resolution camera development, a study on the integration of sensors, algorithms and body control strategies, 360° panorama integration ultrasound radar automatic parking sight system development, multi-purpose high-purpose CCD platform development and high-level reverse camera development. The company's core technology products account for a high percentage of total business income.
It highlights the importance of corporate R & D power to generate revenue. The stock exchange note, the IRC, as the leader of the industry, is more competitive; and it has been strengthened by the fact that research and development costs are consistently higher than those of the industry.
Companies are not only home-based, but are constantly trying to open their own markets abroad, building on the markets and R & D conditions of the advanced countries of Europe and the United States. Meanwhile, corporate smart cockpit and adas research and development are ongoing, and will become new profit points in the future.
In contrast to macroeconomics, the current volume of automobile sales has risen gradually over the past four years, and is at risk if the macroeconomy goes down. In addition, the risks also include industry competitive risks, international market expansion risks, motor vehicle transformation risks, net asset yields.