(a) Computer/computer applications (0029220.sz)
The company’s main business includes car-borne information and entertainment systems, air-conditioning control systems, and driving information display systems, with the automobile electronics industry ranked first in the country and twenty-sixth in the world in 2016. The company’s competitive advantage is that it has a leading profitability and operational capability, and it is a domestic automobile electronic leader.
The acceleration of consumption and of domestic production, the increase in the market share of vehicle-borne entertainment information systems, the acceleration of consumption and domestic production substitution, will result in a huge incremental market for companies. The rise in consumption from video and messaging to complex terminals will drive up the price of products.
The growth in sales and the increase in front-load penetration have led to an increase in the company’s share of the market.
We'll raise more than 2 billion dollars to finance the growth of globalization, and the company's ipo will raise money to enrich the product lines and replenish the flow of capital and raise funds for the postnatal period.
It's huge, and we're looking forward to a faster growth of the company over the next five years. The smart cockpit is expected to produce, and it's expected to produce, and the core part of the smart cockpit will have at least the traditional size of the screen.
The company's intelligent cockpit product is constantly being rolled out, bringing performance flexibility to the company's business. As the first 100-degree apollo partner, the company collaborates to launch autopilot product bcu, and works actively with Trailers, agl, and actively to create intelligent driving ecology.
The company is a car electronic leader, benefiting from an upgrading of consumption and a replacement of domestic production, and the prices of its products are rising. Smart cockpits are expected to produce in volume, bringing business elasticity to the company. The company is expected to be a catalyst for the years 2017-2019: adas production is released, smart cockpit applications are accelerated, and corporate globalization is expanding.
There has been a steady and steady increase in the sales of Chinese cars and a steady increase in the penetration rate of car-borne pre-engineer pre-loading, and we differ from the market view that some of the marketers argue that the performance of pre-car-loaded electronics companies is influenced more by sales of related models.
The net profit growth slowed in the first three quarters of 2017; but we believe that the company, as the leader of the pre-car-borne information and entertainment system, benefits from an upgrading of consumption and a replacement of national production, and that the company’s car electronics business will continue to grow faster in the future. Some of the marketers believe that the path to corporate globalization has become more challenging.
Longer, and therefore, the expansion of globalization will be somewhat hampered; but we believe that companies have R & D advantages and cost advantages, and that the ability to globalize is increasing, opening up new opportunities for growth in their business. Some of the marketers believe that smart cockpits are currently not seen in the volume of business, and that corporate smart cockpit operations are not yet operational.
Outreach will encounter some difficulties; but we believe that Desaiway has a technological stock of smart cockpits, and that the company’s vast outreach is expected to bring business elasticity to the company. The adas capacity release, the accelerated application of smart cockpits, and the expansion of corporate globalization are accelerating.
The project has not progressed as expected, business progress and performance have fallen short of expectations, and competition has intensified.
For 31 years, in 2010, the State Holdings became the Chinese Automobile Electronic Leadership brand. Desai Wei was founded in 1986 by Philips Automotive Sound, Hong Kong Kimshan, and Hyezhou City Industrial Development Corporation (Texai Industry Presbyter) to acquire Siemens vdo. In March 2010, Desai Industries acquired Siemens vdo.
All shares, the company officially changed its name to Desaiway Motors Co. Ltd. in Hyestate. During the foreign holdings, Desaiway worked with former shareholders, Philips, Manesman, and Siemens, to achieve a universal quality.
China’s manufacturing base has been transformed into the Chinese Automobile Electronic Leadership brand. Name, Global 26.
The company’s main products are car-borne information and entertainment systems, vehicle-borne air conditioning controllers, driving information displays, etc.
The company’s front-loading market is a direct sales model, whereby the company sells the product to the entire car factory, and the whole car factory is the end-user of the company’s product. The company’s back-loading market is a distribution model, where the company sells the product to the automobile electronics dealer, the car 4s store, and the automobile sales company, which then sells the company’s product to the end-user.
Figure 2: The company’s main product, Carborne Information and Recreation System, combined, has been a 60-plus car brand, which since 1992 has created a leading advantage of Carborne Information and Recreation System with a strong research and development capability. For many years, the outstanding performance of pre-car pre-loading markets has won the unanimous recognition of well-known car manufacturers at home and abroad.
The types of vehicle-borne information and entertainment systems are the open, flexible and future-oriented platforms that are created by Desai Siwei on the basis of a full understanding of the circumstances in which cars and users use them. They are designed to bring web-based services into the car and provide continuous personalized and expanded pleasure experiences by creating an environment in which users can communicate with cars at any time.
Desai Siwei has been developing steadily, and while consolidating the existing business, developing autonomous innovation capabilities and opening up the market for the air-conditioning controller products that were developed and produced in Desai Si Wei, using excellent comfort lines, has been involved in driving information 10 years ago, and driving information has now become the backbone of the company.
Control algorithms that automatically regulate temperature, air distribution, ventilation, etc., provide a comfortable interior environment for the drivers. One of the product lines. To improve product competitiveness, Dessahewy invests in a combination of high-cost research and development leading instruments. In addition, autonomous body control modules have been integrated into traditional standard functions and set aside scalable structures.
These features make our products a virtual instrument platform with a 3d effect, both domestically and internationally. Products have been widely used for passenger vehicles, commercial vehicles, and engineering machines.
The company’s front-loading market, which accounts for between 92.62% and 99.50% of the total, is constantly improving its income structure. Revenue from the company’s main business product is growing rapidly, and in terms of product structure, vehicle-based information systems and car-borne entertainment systems account for sales income.
The share of corporate air conditioning controllers has remained stable, and the share of driving information displays a steady increase in the share of the system. Figure 5: Revenue from company pre- and back-loading operations for 2014-2017h1 increased by 1.08 per cent over the same period. The slowdown in performance was mainly due to a slowdown in sales of suv, with the company ' s projected performance increasing throughout the year.
1.2. Employees account for 19.43%, and as state enterprises, it is extremely rare for companies to hold shareholders in the Hyeju City Council of State, while other major shareholders invest in the company’s employee holding platform, Shenzhen Shenzhen, and Hwa.
It is extremely rare to hold such a high share in the state company. Shenzhen's investment in the company's stock build-up in 2012 was made.
Figure 9: The equity structure of the company as of the date of signing of the letter of interest
There are 174 core staff members, including directors, supervisors, and senior management, who hold large shares and have a strong incentive. The SMP is deeply tied to corporate, shareholder, management, and core employee benefits, highlighting the company’s confidence in future development.
High market access barriers exist for the automotive electronics sector. The automotive electronics sector constitutes a very large market access barrier due to technical barriers, market entry barriers, cost control barriers, quality standards barriers.
Businesses listed in the entertainment system include De Cessive, Solithin, Luthor Technologies, and Huayang Group, which are less threatened by new entrants to the industry. The company focuses on the front-loading market, which is excellent.
Aerodynamics, Great Wall, Mazdamator, a sedan, etc., have a 100% front-loading ratio compared to their counterparts, which is far better than that of their counterparts.
In 2016, the company collected 2.1 times as much as the Huayang Group ' s car electronics business. In 2016, the company produced about 10.3 million vehicles.
The technology in Desaiway is leading, increasing research and development inputs and increasing core competitiveness. Companies are autonomously developing, accumulating, technologically and innovatively occupying the market, investing in research and development over many years, long-term markets.
Accumulated and in-depth market tracking services have led companies to accumulate a great deal of experience in the design and production processes of automobile electronics. To maintain a leading role in the technology of corporate products, firms have continued to increase their investment in R&D. From 2014 to 2016, the cost of R&D increased from 200 million yuan to 340 million yuan, with annual compound growth rates.
For many years, Desai Siwei has been focusing on the development of car-borne information and entertainment systems, and with its strong research and development power and high-quality products, it has become the leader of the domestic car-borne information and entertainment system.
Desailawy’s profitability, size, net interest rates, and net asset yields are in the forefront. The company’s products are mainly oriented toward the front-loading market, with a Māori ratio slightly lower than the share of Sotoin (30.4%) and the flow of technology.
(31.8 per cent). The main thrust of Solithin shares and smooth technology is towards the back-loading market, with a higher Māori rate. The net interest rate is higher in Desai Wei than in other companies, mainly because of good corporate control of the three costs.
Figure 17: Four listed companies, Roe, compares the company ' s total assets and receivables with a better operating capacity than their counterparts. In 2016, the company ' s total asset turnover was stronger, contributing more revenue through total asset turnover. On the other hand, the company was higher.
In addition, Desai Weiwei has a higher stock turnover rate than his counterparts. In 2016, the stock turnover rate was 3.8, stable over the long term, followed only by the Huayang Group (6.8 per cent) and the company ' s stock turnover rate was higher than that of smooth technology (2.3) and the stockholdings of Sokin.
(1.7) With companies maintaining high capacity utilization, the backlog is low, high stock is maintained, consumption upgrades and national production replacements are accelerated, the share of motor recreational information systems in the market rises 2.1, benefits from increased car recreational consumption and the unit price of vehicle-borne recreational information systems rises
The demand for entertainment, navigation, and so forth is growing rapidly. The use of car-borne video, audio play, games, etc. by car owners in the process is becoming a driving habit, which contributes significantly to the market demand for the deployment of car-borne recreational information systems.
30% will rise to 50% by 2020. According to Deloitte, the annual compound rate of car-borne information and entertainment systems increased by 10.8% in 2012-2016, the fastest growing sub-industry in automobile electronics.
The penetration rate will continue to increase and the value of the vehicle-borne information and entertainment system will increase accordingly. According to ihs, the average size of the liquid crystal screen in the vehicle in 2016 was 2 pieces and 10.1 inches, and as the vehicle display shows a large screen trend, the average size of the vehicle is expected to exceed 8 inches in 2020, with an average of 3 to 4 screens on board.
The main products sold by the company are vehicle information systems, vehicle entertainment systems, air conditioning controllers, and driving information displays. Of these, the vehicle information system has the highest unit cost (US$ 1599), and the vehicle entertainment system (US$ 708).
Next to the driver's information display system (211), the air-conditioning controllers (200 dollars) are relatively low. The increase in unit prices of the vehicle 2017h1 is due mainly to the change in the cost of a mass monitor from the original 5-inch to 6.5-inch screen. As the price of the company's products continues to increase, the unit prices and numbers of the vehicle-based information system and the vehicle-based entertainment system are synchronized.
Upgrade, we analyze the need for car-borne information and entertainment systems for future consumption upgrades. Air conditioners have experienced a certain decline in unit prices due to competition, although the impact on companies has been limited. 2.2, the import of domestically produced vehicles has accelerated, and the company’s market share is expected to increase.
The company’s front-loading market customers are mainly full-car manufacturers. From 2013 to 2016, the number of cars sold in the country rose from 1,792.89 million to 2,437.69 million, and the number of suvs rose from 1.5% in 2002 to 37% in the first half of 2016.
This has benefited from a larger market space for front-loading customers. The country ' s share of vehicle sales has been growing faster in 2012-2016. Figure 24: The share of sales by type of vehicle in the country in a broad sense
With the rise of the national brand of auto ownership, the domestic Automobile Wholestore Chamber faced competitive pressure by lowering costs, giving domestic auto electronics suppliers an opportunity to import substitutes. At the domestic client level, the growth in domestic production and the increase in joint venture purchases have led to elasticity in performance.
The sharp increase in sales, particularly the national product suv sales, with the top three sales rankings in 2016 of the Great Wall, Hafkh6, wide-broad-blowing gs4 and general-purpose Mitsubishi 560, all of which are acillary models to the company ' s products, as the company ' s sales revenue for the Great Wall ' s cars, the Broad Air Group and general-purpose Mitsubishi has increased significantly in recent years;
As the quality of domestically produced vehicles improves, it attracts a large number of consumers because of its lower prices. The joint venture has increased the share of domestic suppliers due to higher prices for foreign suppliers, in order to control costs, such as the company ' s revenue from sales to the public in 2016, which is $76,298.4 million, up from the previous year.
The market share of foreign suppliers was replaced by $44,120,100,000. 2.3. Actively exploring new domestic and foreign customers, and optimized company customer structure, apart from the growth in domestic car sales and the increase in the penetration rate of front-loading, the successful opening of new customers is corporate sales.
The main reasons for the rapid rise were: specifically: 1 2014-2017h1 when the company expanded its customer operations in such areas as the Great Wall ' s automobiles, the Hiroshima Group, and General Mitsubishi in Shanghai, and successfully imported Hafh 1, Hafh2, Hafh6, Bo 560, passing the heat sales suv model gs4; and 2 2013 when the company began to move gradually into Mazda.
Motor's global supply chain, and its position in the mazdamator global supply chain, is increasing. Chart 25: The top five clients of the company's top ten car brands (red mark) covering the bulk of sales in 2016 are relatively stable, with the top five clients of company 2017h1 being a crowd and a wide audience in 2016.
The combined revenues of the five clients are 64.2% and 63.6% compared to 2016, 2017h1, respectively. The remaining clients, including joint brands, autonomous brands and overseas customers, reduce the risk of client concentration.
The company’s sales to its customers depend mainly on the sale of its auxiliary models, which increase the number of its purchases.
The company has established long-standing and stable partnerships with a number of well-known domestic and international car manufacturers, such as the Great Wall, the Mazdamoto, the Volkswagen, the Grand Ammad, the Cars, the Seamars, the Chirres, the Broad Gas Group, etc., to avoid dependence on a single customer, reduce the risk of client concentration and benefit the company.
Domestic clients' joint brands, Long Ammadha, to the public.
Aerobics, long-term accelerator to the Snow Dragon.
We're going to go up there, we're going up there, we're going up there, we're going up there, we're going up there, we're going up there, we're going up there, we're going up there, we're going up there, we're going up there, we're going up there, we're going up there, we're going up, we're going, we're going, we're going, we're going, we're going, we're going, we're going, we're going, we're going, we're going, we're going, we're going, we're going, we're going, we're going, we're going, we're going, we're going, we're going, we're going, we're going, we're going, we're going, we're going, we're going, we're going, we're going, we's up, we's up, we're going, we's up, we's going, we's up, we're going, we's up, we're going, we's up, we's, we's up, we's up, we's up, we's up, we's up, we're going, we's up, we're going, we're going, we're going, we're going, we're going, we're we're going, we're going, we're're's up, we're're's up, we's up, we's up, we're going, we're going, we're going, we're going, we're going, we're going, we're going, we're going, we're we're going, we're going, we're going, we're going, we're going, we's up, we're going're we's up, we're going, we're going, we're going, we're going, we're going're going, we're going, we're going, we're we're
A sedan, a Chiré, a Wall.
We're going to take a car, we're going to take a car, we're going to a seahorse.
East Windy Willows, Gilly Cars, Congtai Cars.
The southeast car, the Beijing car, the rocky car.
Cars and homes. Cars and cars.
Overseas client mazda skoda toyota
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Avtovaz 3 and ipo raise more than 2 billion boosters, take the path of globalization, 3.1, corporate ipo projects yield production and are expected to double their income.
The ipo publicly raised a total of 2,042 million yuan to be invested in a car electronic intelligence plant project, a motor vehicle electronic interconnection technology integration industrialization project, a motor vehicle electronic interconnection technology research and development centre project, and a corporate fund-raising project that can better enrich the company’s product lines and replenish liquidity.
The company will add more than 4 million adas to its capacity to meet the growing demand from its clients. Moreover, the project will introduce advanced research and development and detection equipment that can be adapted and upgraded to automate production lines.
The company’s research and development capacity in the area of automobile electronics is at risk. According to the feasibility report for the company’s equity statement project, $7.34 billion in additional sales revenue will be generated, $460 million in additional taxes will be added, revenue from the fallback examination will nearly double, and the company’s profitability will be further enhanced.
3.2. Companies have benefited from industrial development or are expected to catch up with the foreign car-borne entertainment giants, which has led to an explosive growth in the automotive electronics industry. According to data published by the Chinese Auto-Industries Association, the size of our automobile electronics market has increased from $32.8 billion in 2010 to 2014
In 2016, according to Deloitte and Touche, the global pattern of car-borne information and entertainment systems is fragmented and the company’s future is very promising. The global car-based information and entertainment system is concentrated in the United States, Japan, China, and the European market, and in the current industry collection of vehicle-borne information and entertainment systems.
Mediumly low, the main players include Haman, Alps, Bosch, Electric and Mitsubishi, with 46% cr. Vehicle information and entertainment systems include pre- and back-load markets, with more competitive industries. Companies are more competitive in their industries, more fragmented in markets, and international competitors are more competitive in their worlds, the mainland, and Wei Wei-Tung,
In general, the world’s leading auto parts and components manufacturers are more technologically competitive, with global brands such as Bo, Continent, Weibo, Delfort, and electric apparel.
Car parts and components manufacturers, whose sub-car electronics are highly structured and operating globally, are among the world’s leading producers of product markets and competitive products. After many years of development, good domestic automobile electronics manufacturers have made great strides in increasing their competitiveness in the industry, and a small number of auto electronics manufacturers have entered the mainstream of internationally branded automobile manufacturers.
The company's growth space opens up to the van information and entertainment system. The world's car information and entertainment system is a billion dollars. The company, as the leader of the domestic car and information and entertainment system, earns only Haman's income from the vehicle information system.
17.6% of the future growth space is wide, keeping on the path of globalization and increasing the competitiveness of companies, adhering to the path of internationalization. 2017 At the China Automobile Forum, the Chairman of the Corporation, Chen Chunxing, is at the General Assembly.
“From international localization to local internationalization” is a unique development journey for Texas for more than 30 years. Whether it is foreign ownership or autonomous development, Desaichevy remains committed to internationalization.
Internationalization has enabled companies to better master the world’s leading car electronics. The inauguration in 2011 of Desecway Motors and Electronic Singapore Co. Ltd. marks the first step in the world’s layout.
Electronics and related technologies have expanded international markets and services more rapidly to foreign clients. In 2012, the Texas branch was established, and in the same year, the Texas branch entered the global supply system for multiple car factory customers; in 2013, the Texas branch was established.
The export area of the company’s products includes Japan, Iran, Russia, etc., and is dominated by Japan. The export area of the company is mainly related to Japan (customers mazdamotor, fujitsuten), Iran (customers cruse) and Russia (clients nppitelma).
Other clients include, inter alia, Hong Kong paratasiapación limited, the United Kingdom aampgloballimited, and Brazil’s pstelectronica. The company’s export products are sold mainly to Japan, in 2014, 2015, 2016, 2017h1 to Japan.
From 2014 to 2016, the company ' s sales revenue to Mazdamotor was generally on the rise, mainly as a result of the increased competitiveness of public goods and the company ' s position in the global supply chain of Mazdamotor.
The number of items sold increased from 243,096 in 2013 to 2,438,774 in 2016, from the provision of vehicle-borne entertainment systems only in 2013 to the provision of vehicle-borne entertainment systems, vehicle air conditioning controllers and driver information displays in 2016.
The smart cockpit is expected to produce a quantity of product that will bring business elasticity to the company.
Parts such as panels are integrated organically with new technologies such as voice operations and become the concept of "intelligent cockpit". The concept of smart cockpit now encompasses multiple screen integration (including LCD instruments, Hud, control screens and controlled vehicle information terminals, back seat hmi entertainment screens, back-to-back mirrors, etc.), as well as intelligent hand-overs such as voice control, hand gesture operations, etc.
In the past, vehicle-borne information and entertainment systems, advanced driving aids (adas), auto dashboard systems, head-up monitors and rear-view mirror systems were relatively independent, with their own separate master chip (application processors) driven by their own internal components, such as software operating systems, memory and external storage units, electricity.
Source systems, etc. are independent, and data interactions between systems are linked by the relative traditional bus lines (can and uart, etc.), efficient data sharing and co-processing often become bottlenecks. As new technologies develop and the need for greater satisfaction with driving experiences, these major components begin to merge with new technologies such as voice control.
As part of the "intelligent cockpit." According to the 2017 International Electronic Business interview with Director General Jiang Hong of Ti-China Embedded Product Systems and Applications, the smart cockpit will achieve audio entertainment and navigation systems and auxiliary driving systems in the next three to five years.
Integration with the dashboard system. The dashboard system will be fully digitized, while the up-and-up display system will gradually become universal. In addition, there will be a number of new human interactive techniques in the future, such as enhancing reality, driving the driver position and physical perception.
Car companies like Audi, Porsche, and others have started to adopt smart cockpit solutions for their business providers, such as Nvidia, which expects them to reach 20 million cars in the global market for smart cockpits. Nvidia is a smart driver. According to Nvidia officials, its chips and associated smart cockpit solutions have served Audi,
Porsche, BMW, Tesla, Honda, Minicoper, etc. Figure 36: Nvdia expects the smart cockpit solution covering 20 million cars Nvdia has served Audi, Porsche, BMW, Tesla, etc.
With the acceleration of car electron, the smart cockpit is gradually infiltrated from high-end to lower-middle-end cars, and the smart driver is expected to become a model for cars. Some high-end vehicles are now using highly digital smart drivers.
The Chinese district embedded product system and application director Jiang Hong pointed out that the smart cockpit is not specially built for high-end vehicles, car digitisation is accelerating, and the smart cockpit is gradually moving toward low- and medium-end cars.
In December of this year, Jemma Tech shared smart cockpit software at the Hover Technology Center in the Great Wall, etc., as well as the launch of smart cockpit programs in Tier 1 such as Desaithi Wei, Lufang, Somni, etc. The active layout of smart cockpits is expected to generate additional business.
The company has been exploring the smart cockpit concept programme since 2010, and the company ' s related products programme has been upgraded, with the latest smart cockpit product launched on the 2017 ces.
On April 22, 2015, the company’s second generation system – 21.5 inches of high-resolution cockpit program – was launched in Shanghai. In 2016, the concept of “smart cockpit” evolved into a car-borne information and entertainment system.
Virtual instrumentation, air conditioning controllers, and remote information systems integrated solutions. In 2017, the division showed the latest smart cockpit products, which, in addition to providing users with easy access to driving information and entertainment content in a given scenario, can be applied in real time to state-of-the-art smart driving technologies, such as four-way high-resolution cameras, 77g-mm thunder.
The smart cockpit is at least four to five times the traditional medium screen, and the company's business is up. The smart cockpit program contains one or more medium screens (fore and after), car recorders and cameras, LCD tables and visual monitors, hud, stream media, etc., with a total price of between $5200 and $6,400, which is traditionally controlled.
The program also includes fewer smart drivers, adas, and if you add full smart drivers, adas, the price of the smart cockpit program is likely to exceed $10,000. With the company’s pre-package lead and the company’s smart cockpit program, the company’s penetration rate has increased with the industry’s smart cockpit penetration rate.
The company’s operations are expected to grow faster as the company’s smart cockpit operations become operational. Assuming that 5% of the company’s vehicle-borne information and entertainment system (with more than 800 units and 6,296,000 sales in 2016) operations are converted to smart cockpits (with an assumed unit cost of $5,200), the company’s revenues are expected to increase by 25.59%;
The ratio is 5.19%, smaller. And with the landing of the smart cockpit business, the company’s digitalization is expected to increase, thereby measuring the price rise. 4.3, the giants of the 100-degree tether, the layout of the intelligent driving ecology.
In July 2017, 100% opened apollo autopilot platform 1.0, and Desailawes became the first member of the apollo ecology. On July 5, 2017, the Peduai Developers Conference was held in Beijing, and Desailawe became the first partner of apollo.
The company also includes 15 car companies, five well-known universities, and six government departments and agencies, among which the company is a supplier of auto parts and components, which is located in the electronics chain of automobiles, where the industrial chain is upstream in semi-conductors, etc., and downstream as a whole manufacturing and post-car market.
The platform, the open source software platform, the hardware layer platform and the vehicle platform are understood at four levels. The Deputy Secretary-General of Texas, referring to this collaboration, said: “Desaiway is good at the integration and manufacture of electronic hardware and software for cars, and strategic collaboration between the two sides can further accelerate the productization of intelligent driving, and bring quality and flexibility to car manufacturers.
Safe Smart Driver Solutions.” • Simulation Environment, Dueros, Security Module, Ota High Quality Cloud Service Platform
• Real-time systems framework, positioning, control, route planning modules, etc. Company is on the hardware platform floor - camera, gps/imu, radar, hmi, blackbox, etc.
In June 2017, Ces de Ceciway and Pedo announced that they would work together to develop autopilot products.
The first partners in driving the computer platform bcu (subsequently renamed acu) were the company and the Bo joint venture joint car electronics. On June 7, 2017, in cesasia, 100% signed a strategic cooperation agreement with car electronics manufacturers, including Texas.
The bcu (baiducomputing unit) bcu is the first in the country based on a high-precision map that combines information from sensors like gps, cameras and imu to provide the autopilot hardware platform required for autopilot, which has two basic capabilities and three main components of information security and cloud updates.
Core module al: High Precision, Environmental Perception, Decision Planning. Three series of products have been developed: bcu-mloc (High Precision), bcu-mlop (High Precision + Environmental Perception), bcu-mlop2 (High Precision + Environmental Perception + Decision Planning).
There are 2 Dexahway and Union Motors Electronics, of which Union Motors is a joint venture of Bosch. Figure 41: The company partnered with Pedo to launch bcu chart 42:2017cesia Desaiway with Pedo.
In addition, Desecway works closely with Tweets to build a win-win platform. Tweedled out in September 2015 and launched the aiincar ecosystem in November 2017, with the Band, Chang An, Jili, Biadei, and Dong Fung Willows becoming its first joint venture.
During the month, a strategic cooperation agreement was reached in Hue County between Desecway and Tweet, which will focus on close cooperation and a win-win platform for the implementation of the car intelligence project. The DSvivi network strategy will receive strong technical support from Tweeting, which will support Texas in all its aspects with cloud and big data processing capabilities.
The simultaneous export of tethers for security, ai smart voice, intelligent travel, and information and entertainment service capabilities under a powerful social account system has facilitated the transition from a car electronic hardware manufacturer to a soft, hard-to-speech smart driver provider.
The company is also China’s first provider of agl’s overall solution for intelligent driving, and in the age of competition in countries with smart drivers’ soft solutions, the company’s multiple layout is both a sign of strength and a sign of strength.
The BMW's ConnectedDive, Ford's Sync, has selected agl without exception. The company's major offshore client, Mazda, is a platinum member of agl. November 2017 news, agl a collaborative project of industry sponsored by the Linux Foundation announced to the outside world, Desai.
He and four other companies (adobe, fiberdynesystems, nuance, Trendmicro) are officially members of agl. Desaiway is also the first smart driver to join agl in China. Figure 43: The company is a member of agl bronze.
At the beginning of the agl period, the focus will be on car-borne information and entertainment, and in the future it will support functions such as smart driving. BMW's ConnectedDive and Ford's Sync systems have chosen agl. Agl combines car manufacturers, suppliers and technology companies through a fully open vehicle-based software platform to accelerate intelligent driving technology.
BMW's ConnectedDive System, Ford's Sync System, chose agl without exception. Agl initially focused on information entertainment, but planned to support the future of visual displays, remote information processing, intelligent driving support systems (adas), autonomous driving, etc. As the Agl system continues to improve, more cars will become available.
The brand or launch of a smart vehicle system based on agl, the head of the agl project expected the first vehicle to be on the agl system in 2018.