Innovative Technology and Business Services Research Center (CRIS)
In the age of smart network, multiple development opportunities will open up new opportunities for companies to grow: (1) more.
Joint venture brand clients: joint venture brand and autonomous brand price battles will intensify, and the joint venture brand entire garage will be opened up to domestic smart cabin firms under price pressure; (2) new energy vehicle packages will boost performance growth: new energy will remain in use as driven by central fiscal subsidies and double-centre policies
High-speed growth can be achieved; (3) the penetration rate of new products continues to increase: according to our thematic studies, only two types of products currently have high penetration rates, namely, central controls and cd/dvd, while the penetration rate of other new products is generally not over 10 per cent, and in the future with new products such as LCD dashboards, 360 pan-view cameras, streaming media rearview mirrors, etc.
The company, as the leader of the smart cabin industry, has a significant competitive advantage: (i) having multiple high-quality stock clients and a stock of 10 excess blast cars: five of the Top10 autonomous car factory, and three of the top sales, will open up new market space for companies.
The entire joint venture brand is a corporate client, and the company has a stock of 16 cars with the top 50 sales rankings in the suv and sedans. (2) The most powerful enterprises to expand the joint brand clients are: Desecway was controlled by Mannes Manvdo, Siemens and three German companies from the mainland.
Shares, product quality ahead of competitors, and Desaiway is the only firm in the country that supplies a German car company (the most difficult to access with a supporting system) and is expected to further expand other joint ventures, such as the US, Japan, etc. (3) will not be negatively affected by the contraction of the back-loading market: the company’s front-loading business.
As much as 99% of the total revenue, far from competing with the industry, will not be affected by the trend of “front-loading replacement” and other competitors may be held back by a decline in back-loading operations. Sustained R & D investment, with companies investing the most in, and closely connected to, adas R & D project
Internet giant cooperation: The company has the highest number of research and development projects related to adas in the company ' s layout of the adas perception (car-borne cameras, 24g mm wave radar) and processing (sensor integration, automatic parking loop systems, etc.). The company is also the only one working with the 100-degree Apollo autopilot platform in the country.
Three bcu companies, with strong alliances, help companies to emerge from the adas market. The company-backed car is a downside risk: front-loading customers are not expanding as much as expected: adas are developing and productizing less than expected.
(a) Corporate Stewardship: the absolute leader of the smart cabin industry, Desai Siwei, founded in 1986 and listed in December 2017, was a joint venture of China and Germany until 2010, once held by Manesmanvdo, Siemens, and mainland blocs;
In 2010, China acquired 70 per cent of all foreign equity, and Desai Wei became controlled by the State Treasury of Huixiang, which now has three main product lines: Car Information Recreation System, Air-Container Control System, and Driver Information Display System, of which Car Information Recreation System, the most important product, now accounts for a high proportion of total revenue.
Eighty-four per cent, 9 per cent, and 5 per cent, of the air-conditioning control system. The company now earns $5.678 billion in 2016, far more than its competitors in the industry. So Desaiway is a well-deserved leader in the intelligent cabin industry.
1. What are the structural opportunities for Desai Siwi at a steady pace of growth in traditional cars? 1.1. Quarterly collection data lens: Traditional car growth is slowing down. Smart cabin business, represented by Desai Sives, is highly correlated with vehicle sales.
From 2015.10.1 to 2016.12.31, we began to implement a preferential vehicle acquisition tax policy for 1.6l and the following loads by car, i.e., the original 10 per cent vehicle acquisition tax rate was reduced by 5 per cent — so, from 2015q4 to 2015 q4 the rate of growth in Desaiwei camp and the rate of increase in our vehicle fleet was reduced to 5 per cent.
There is a clear turning point in the pace of sales, with the former rising from 10 per cent to 35 per cent in 2015q3 and the latter from 2 per cent. As a result of the decline in policy preferences, the country experienced a sharp decline in the speed of vehicle use at 2017q1.
Opportunities. Starting with 2017q1, there has been a “policy overconsumption”, with 7.5 per cent of vehicles, and the discounted rates on the acquisition tax have not been a significant incentive for the country's passenger traffic sales throughout 2017, so it can be judged that the increase in vehicle sales in 2018 was stimulated by the no vehicle acquisition tax preferences.
It's basically the same as in 2017, and it's generally stable. But the slowdown in the speed of the car does not mean that there is no point in the future of Desai Si Wei, and we believe that there are still three structural opportunities for Desai Si Wei: opportunity 1: the joint branding plant as a whole will gradually be opened to smart cabins due to price pressure.
The system. (For a domestic smart cabin company, represented by Desaiway, this opportunity has contributed to its performance by focusing on the growth of its future joint venture brand clients.
The contribution of opportunities to performance depends mainly on the number of smart cabin companies represented by Desai Weiwei, the number of new energy systems and the volume of sales)
We expect new products like LCD and 360 panoramic cameras, streaming media rearview mirrors, hud, etc. will open up new upswings for smart cabin businesses in the country. The following pages of this chapter will focus on these two major downstream market opportunities facing De Cessieway.
Access to more detailed industry analysis can be found in our earlier “Intelligent Networking Series 1: The Smart Networking Age, The Unneglected Smart Cars Industry” 1.2. Joint venture brand car opening support systems are on the move
For nearly four years (2014-2017), we have seen a year-on-year increase in the use of the vehicle market terminal, particularly since 2016, reflecting growing price pressures on both joint ventures and autonomous brands. And we judge that the price battle in the use of the vehicle market is going to grow.
On the one hand, as price pressures increased, the original joint brand of the high-end market in the middle of the layout moved down the price as a whole, and the original autonomous brand of the low-end market in the top of the layout pursued the product.
The premium will increase the investment in medium-end vehicles, and the price will come up -- so the market “combined” between autonomous and joint venture brands in two separate market segments will gradually grow, and the two will compete positively.
On the other hand, the withdrawal of traditional car acquisition tax preferences, and the failure of one of the incentives for consumer demand to buy cars before the introduction of a new round of preferences, have turned to price reduction strategies to actively stimulate demand and thus maintain or increase overall sales.
Figure 4: The trend towards a gradual increase in the use of car terminal preferences in the country Chart 6: Autonomous branded cars have gradually become medium- and high-end in recent years, and joint brands have gradually been laid out in low-end markets where joint brands are under increasing price pressure to maintain Maori while also considering it
The product is less expensive for the same-performance smart-barrel companies in the country, where the joint brand of the smart-barrel companies as first-tier suppliers was originally chosen. The cost of the product is higher for the domestic smart-barrel than for the foreign competitors.
The advantage is mainly in terms of R&D costs, because: (1) the cost of raw materials procurement: abroad < home country > . The main reason is that the number of foreign smart cabins is much larger than domestic, and the volume of purchases is much greater than domestic, and the bargaining power of upstream suppliers of raw materials is greater.
Strong, and foreign, large auto parts and components use a global procurement model that combines raw material purchases from abroad (2) with manufacturing costs: abroad. The foreign auto parts and components giants, such as Bo, Mainland, Electric, Cin, Delfort, and Weibo, have a production base in mainland China (e.g., the mainland group is in the middle).
There are 26 production bases in China, and there are 10 production plants in China. The cost of local Chinese workers, factories, land, equipment and depreciation is not much different from that of domestic enterprises. (3) Cost of R & D: At home < abroad > .
IDRCs, however, are primarily responsible for localizing, testing and marginal R & D products developed at headquarters, where core technology still comes from abroad, where R & D workers are paid far more than in the country, and where R & D costs will eventually be reflected in product prices.
1.3. Double drivers of the gradual release of new energy vehicles, which are now growing at a much faster rate than conventional vehicles. Union data show that 560,000 new energy vehicles were sold throughout the year 2017, of which 450,000 were sold in pure electric vehicles and 450,000 were plugged in.
In two months in the first 11 months of 2017, we expect that the sales of new energy vehicles will continue to grow at a high rate, mainly driven by the “double-in” policy, which forces the use of vehicles to increase the input of new energy vehicles and their continued use.
Policy on tax benefits for central and local fiscal subsidies and vehicle acquisition: 1) Double points policy (most important): On 28 September 2017, the Ministry of Trade and Communications officially released the "Asynchronous Management of Average Fuel Consumption and New Energy Cars by Cars" (Associative Management of the Average Fuel Consumption by Cars) for New Energy Vehicles.
Policy. The two-points are “oil consumption” and “new energy components”. Most of the country’s vehicles now have a significant increase in space compared to the mandatory requirements of the Scheme: the Scheme requires a share of 10 per cent for new energy components in 2019-2020 and 12 per cent for cars divided into two.
As of 2017.8, of the more than millions of upper, eastern wind, single gas, Chang-Ang, Guang, North gas, and all six large car factories, only the older ones, the older ones, and the new North, which account for more than 2% of the energy share, were more than 2%.
The share of the new energy component of the autonomous brand is clearly ahead of the joint venture: 80.6% of the new energy component of Bia Di, and more than 15% of the share of Jianghuai, Congtai, Jili and Chirí. At present, the Autonomous brand smart module Tier1 is dominated by domestic firms, and
Under the pressure of the two-point policy, car companies will avoid being subject to statutory penalties by increasing new energy sources, vehicle research and development, and investment - for example, in the case of a gas group, for example.
In response to the two-point policy, the new Energy Development Institute has been singled out by a steam technology centre to concentrate its efforts on new energy vehicle-type research and development: a major joint venture, such as a populist, has developed a new energy vehicle input plan, based on the requirements of the component policy, and a populist is planning a total of future products.
Central/local financial subsidies: In April 2015, the Ministry of Industry and Communications issued a circular on financial support policies for the promotion of new energy vehicles for the period 2016-2020.
Central fiscal subsidies: In 2016-2017, the central treasury subsidized a single electric motor vehicle at a maximum of 2.5-55,000 yuan and 2-44,000 yuan, respectively. Lu Huaping, Assistant Secretary-General of the National Car Market Information Consortium, revealed that the new energy car subsidy policy in 2018 was being tightened even further.
China’s central fiscal subsidy policy of 2018 is being revised to encourage high mileage and low-energy vehicle consumption: the elimination of local subsidies is also likely to occur. Although the Circular stipulates that fiscal subsidies for new energy vehicles will fall year after year 2016.
But the central fiscal subsidy policy will continue until 2020, giving the new energy auto industry enough time to develop; and the introduction of the two-points policy (the tradable) is actually transforming the subsidy model from a form of government subsidy to an inter-firm subsidy.
(c) To compensate for the impact of the fall of the subsidy.
The new energy vehicle model in the catalogue of new energy vehicles is exempt from vehicle acquisition taxes. 2017.12.27 Four ministries have issued public announcements to continue exempting new energy vehicles purchased from vehicle acquisition taxes in 2018.1.1 ~20.12.31. This policy has eliminated the market's reference to “2018”
Doubts about whether or not to continue the policy of tax incentives for the acquisition of new energy vehicles” and the consumer's need to buy cars will help to maintain the trend towards a sustained growth in the demand side of the market for new energy vehicles.2 Unlike pure electric vehicles, which are prepared for the quality of the whole vehicle (m), 100 km of electricity consumption (y) should be met under working conditions: m
A 20 per cent reduction in the 2019-2020 subsidy rate, down from 40 per cent in 2016. 1.4. Multi-product penetration will further enhance the market space, based on our parameters for all car sales of the domestic Top10 joint venture and Top10 autonomous brands.
Data on the penetration rate of pre-infiltration of all types of intellectual and aerobic cabin products in the country, based on the configuration and the monolithic weight of 2017.1 to October, can be found in the overall characteristics of the pre-infiltration of pre-instance smart module products in the country: the control screen has gradually reached maturity and cd/dvd is in a state of decline.
The current average penetration rate in the domestic passenger cars is about 59%, with the highest penetration rate among all electronic cabin products.
There is a clear interaction between the cd/dvd, which together have a penetration rate of around 100%, but with a gradual increase in the intermediate screen penetration, the cd/dvd penetration rate is decreasing, and the current cd/dvd penetration rate is about 34%. 360 panoramic cameras (8.65%), CarLog
Products such as recorders (4.36 per cent), LCD dashboards (3.79 per cent), Hud (2.72 per cent), stream media rear-view mirrors (0.28 per cent) and back-row LCD screens (0.18 per cent) have very low penetration rates, all of which fall into one location Sub-brand characteristics: Autonomous brand pre-brand control screen penetration is 20 per cent higher than a joint venture brand, and new
There is no significant difference in product penetration. The penetration rate of a controlled medium in an autonomous brand has reached 71.45%, which is 20% higher than that of a joint venture brand, showing that the joint brand "the process of substituting cd/dvd" is significantly slower than an autonomous brand. Infiltration of a start-up product in a joint venture and an autonomous brand.
The gap in penetration is small, with 360 panoramic cameras, CarLogs and two products running autonomously, starting with a 6% gap in joint ventures.  Overall average - penetration rate – autonomous brands — penetration rate — joint brands — penetration rate
Calculated using Xiao Xiao 2017.1-10 cumulative output, the configuration parameters are derived from the Pacific Carnet and Automotive Homes, and the cumulative vehicle type production data are derived from all the models sold as of the end of November 2017, based on the core assumptions and lines set out in our previous Smart Net Contact Report 1.
The business space prediction model, which we expect to have an overall market rule of 197.7 billion in 2017/2018/2019 for the future smart cabin. The overall market for joint-venture brands in vehicles is larger than for autonomous brands in vehicles.
Control: In 2017, the size of the control market was about 64% of the total smart cabin space. As the penetration of other smart cabin products increases, the contribution of the control will gradually decline to 42% of the overall market space in 2019.
With the highest penetration rate, the central control market will grow at a slower rate than its 2)cd/dvd, except for cd/dvd: the central control screen has been assembled into the ability of cd/dvd for multimedia play, fm/am radio, etc., and therefore the central control screen and cd/dvd are an alternative relationship, with penetration in front of the central control screen
With the increase in the rate, the penetration rate of cd/dvd will continue to decline and the market size will gradually shrink. 360 panoramic cameras: 360 panoramic cameras are essential to achieve level-I2 intelligent driving, and we plan to achieve level-I smart driving 50 per cent by 2020.
Conservative estimates are that class 1-2 smart drivers will achieve a 20 per cent loading rate, so 360 panoramic cameras will have a rapid increase in penetration, and we expect 360 panoramic cameras to be the second-largest smart cabin product in the market, after the medium screen, with an increase of 136 per cent and an increase of 136 per cent in 2018/2019.
And the LCD is currently deployed in low-priced cars like Jili's Vision 1 t 300, t 600, t 700, indicating that the LCD's price in the low-priced model is within acceptable range and price factors do not prevent it.
The competitive advantage of Dessehway is highlighted, with the best quality 2.1, a large stock of high-quality pre-load customers and a car-loading model.
In terms of the front-loading clients of each smart cabin company, on the one hand, although Huayang covers a larger number of autonomous brands as a whole than Desai Weiwei (the top 20 owner brands as a whole, with the exception of the 3rd, 16th, 18th and 20th in number of cars)
In addition to Huoyang's clients, the rest of them are Huayang's clients, and the top 20 sales are all Desai Siwei's clients, but Desai Si Wei is higher than Huoyang's in terms of receipts from autonomous brand clients. On the other hand, Desai is in the middle of the country's smart cabin.
Wei owns the largest number of joint venture clients: only Desai Wei, which is the company of the German and the United States, and whose front-loading customers are ranked 1/2/3 out of the total joint venture, compared to the 29 that Huayang co-operated with.
Only the Jingzhou Japanese family is a joint venture brand; Solithin shares are now mainly supported by Fiat, and in addition to the expansion of the Japanese brand (Heju's new base has entered Toyota's ring section): Lutho technology has been set up for Japanese, Korean, French, and foreign front-loading customers, but is currently in place.
There's only a small number of cars, and there's some room for upswing. Sixteen of the cars that Desai Weiwei offers are expensive, far more than any other competitor.
The 17th BP 560, the 2nd in the car, the 5th in the car, the 6th in the car, the 9th in the car, the 10th in the name of Teeta, the 10th in the name of Teec 7, the 12th in the Maiten, the 18th in the Golf, and the 20th in the vision are all in the Dexecives. By contrast, the Wayang stock of the car is in the Dexexives.
Haveh6, Dehougs, Tehogl, with only two cars on the way and two cars on the way up to the top 50 in the car sales. Figure 15: Desaixive has a large number of high-quality frontloading customers and more than a dozen explosive cars in stock.
Top 50 Autonomous and joint brand pre-loading client outreach, sales to Top 50suv and sedans.
Autonomous brands pending at Cecives: Upwards to Mitsubishi (top 1), Gilly Cars suv: Haverh6 (top 1), Pass Chessgs4 (top 2), Haf
(top2), the Great Wall (top4), the Big Car (top6), the Chirre (top7), the capital brand: the upper public (top1), the upper public (top2),
saloons: English (top2), Téda (top5), Steam (top3) (top6), Tolai (top9), Tie Hae-e-c7 (top10),
Maiten (top11), Golf (top18), Vision (top21), Erezel 5 (top24), Tie Haugl Huayang Group
(top33), Mairel (top36) Autonomy brand: with the exception of the Chang An car (top3), the east wind (top16), the leopard car (top18), the Chinese morning car
The top 20 self-autonomous companies outside of the Hwayan Group (top19) and the Tota Car (top 20) branded the entire factory is a front-loading client of Hwayan.
Huffh6 (Hawyang for audio navigation, Desai Sewy for vehicle, air conditioning controllers), Deok Haugs (suv sales list Top 17), and Tee Hogl (sedan top33).
The first front-loading client is the Yin-Thai Car (ranked 9th in the Autonomous Branded Car)
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Autonomous brands: Autonomous brands have a wide-blown car, a Gilly car, a Chiré car, a general Mitsubishi, an east windmill, a sedan top38, a lead (sedan top41)
Joint venture brands: Japan-wide Toyota (top10), Korea-Beijing-Modern (top6), French-law dragon car (top13) 2.2, enterprises with the greatest capacity to expand joint venture pre-assembly customers
Although there is a definite trend towards opening up a whole joint venture to a domestic smart module, there are higher barriers to entering a joint venture complement than an autonomous brand. The main barriers are that entering a joint venture brand requires a more stringent quality system than an autonomous brand: the whole car.
Quality review of vendors ' capabilities included, inter alia, product review, process review and system review 3 components, of which product review and process review were the focus of the audit, which had to meet the special requirements of the entire plant, and the largest differences in vendor clearance between autonomous and joint venture brands
There are few domestic suppliers that have been able to meet the special requirements of the joint venture brand (e.g. qsb+ for upper gas, q1 for Ford, qormelq for the general public, etc.) to break through the tight partnership between the foreign smart cabin and the foreign partners in the joint venture.
Yes (different characteristics of the supply chain system): The door between a car factory abroad and a car spare parts supplier can be divided into the Japanese-Korean model, the European-American model, where the Japanese-Korean model is the most closed, and the Japanese-Korean model, where the whole car factory has a controlling relationship with the spare parts manufacturer, and the spare parts enterprise, once it enters.
Accompaniment systems can create long-term stable supply relationships and do not easily replace suppliers; In the Euro-American model, the whole plant is primarily concerned with the price, quality, timing of the delivery of the product.
The price pressure is passed on to the parts and components supplier. So, because the Japanese-Korean model is too closed, the opportunity left to suppliers of smart cabins in the country is less than the European-American model.
(Extensible requirements for suppliers' quality capabilities) >the solar system (mass capability requirements + break-through of previous collaborations) >the US department (quality capacity requirements) > the Korean department (break-out of previous collaborations).
1. Quality systems must be certified through vda6.1 (or iso/ts16949) 2. Quality competency evaluation compliance rate ~92% 3. >75% compliance rate required for all elements of quality competency evaluation by suppliers > > 75%
All questions from the vendor quality evaluation cannot be rated as “0” 5. All questions from the parts of 6.d-tld cannot be rated as “no” if the product review cannot present a “a” or “b” defect.
The German company, Mannesmanvdo, Siemens and the mainland Group, inherited a strong technical attitude and quality control, leading the competition for product quality. Desaiway was preceded by Philly, and Mannesmanvdo, a German company, became an electronic reality in Central Europe by acquiring Philips's audio business.
Controllers: in 2001, Siemens absorbed Manesmanvdo and formed the Siemens Vdo Automobiles Group, which became the Siemens Vdo Holdings Company immediately after becoming the Siemens Vdo Holdings Company; in 2007, the German Motor Parts and Components Continental Group spent 11.4 billion euros.
Yuan acquired full ownership of Siemens vdo Group, and Siemens vdo Motors Electronics (formerly Desaiway) became a 70% controlling company of the mainland Group: 30% of the company ' s shares in 2010 China ' s capital, Desai Industries, acquired 70% of all shares of the mainland Group ' s shares, five times after the easy master.
From China to China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, and South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, and South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, and South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South, South, South, South, South, South, South, South, South, South, South, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South, South Asia, South Asia, South, South, South, South, South, South, and North, South, South, South, South, South, South, South,
Figure 18: Manesmanvdo, Siemens, Continental Group, Hyeju State Council became the actual controlling agent of Desai Siwei, which has become the most hard-to-reach supplier of the accompanying system in Germany, Japan and the United States of America, while other competitors have yet to enter the German and American brands.
Enterprises with the greatest capacity to expand their joint venture brand clients quickly. As noted earlier, joint venture brands and autonomous brands should be ranked in the order of ease of entry, respectively (“>” means “difficult”): the German line (very stringent quality capacity requirements for suppliers) >the solar system (mass capacity requirements + pre-existing collaborations).
The German and American brands are only now entering the joint brand pre-loading market, and only Texas has received a top-level a rating of Formelq in the entire garage.
The general public, the public support system; the Japanese brands Desai Siewi, Huayang, Sotoin, and the Korean brand has entered. In the pre-autonomous pre-branding market, there is still a clear gap between Sotoin, his share of open roads and the city’s leading share of Huayang and Desai Si Wei.
2.3 The absolute share of pre-package receipts, which are not affected by the contraction of back-loading operations, the low rate of growth in some of the domestic smart cabin businesses in 2015 and the fact that in Dexaheway in 2015 more than Huayang became the new leader of the industry, both of which are reflected behind the trend from 2015 onwards.
The pre-loading after-loading trend becomes definitive. As can be seen from the changes in the pre- and post-package collection of Desai Weiwei and Huoyang after 2014-2016, there has been a year-on-year decline, and since 2015 there has been a significant decline in the post-package collection:
During the period 2014-2016, there was a significant annual increase in the pre-suit collection of Desai Siwei and Huayang, and in 2013-2015, although the volume of pre-suiting is small, the rate of growth was very rapid. In the Smart Net Contact Report I, we analyzed "The size of the domestic back-loading market."
The contraction is mainly due to the decline in sales from the 4s store and the domestic distributors' channels, and the weakening of the distributors' channels is essentially due to the conclusion that the demand for pre-loading is a substitute for the demand for back-loading.” We believe that the pre-loading market explodes (a growing number of cars have installed smart cabin products like a medium screen at the time of their sale) are bound to be guided.
The need for consumers to install their own cars after buying them has declined. So it can be seen that as the penetration rate increases, the back-loading market will shrink further.
It's going to be in the throes of the continuous contraction of the backseat business, while the presuppliers in Desai Wei will now account for more than 99% of the total revenue and will not be affected by the replacement of the backseat market, while the other competitors will still be held up to varying degrees by the backseat business.
At present, the proportion of pre- and post-assembly facilities varies considerably: Dessavit has been focusing on the front, starting with the back-loading of the home country; Soni shares and the flow of technology are similar, and the main effort is gradually being invested in the front-loading market from the beginning of 2011 to the beginning.
Starting with pre-loading, and starting late in 2012, pre-package, pre-package, pre-package, and revenue generation in the pre-package market in 2013. Four smart cabin companies now have a previous-loading ratio of 99% in Desaiewiwe and 74% in Huayang and approximately 50% in Sokin.
3. Self-research + working with giants, companies are expected to take the lead in the field of adas 3.1. The company’s adas R & D project is the largest investment compared to competitors.
Sensitization link means data collection by a variety of sensors such as camera, ultrasound radar, millimetre wave radar, laser radar, etc.: DeSessiway is mainly a vehicle-mounted high-resolution camera (rvc, ar0143 small dimensions of hdcamera, rg02gn) and a 24g mm wave radar
(rd01 platform project). The processing process refers to the analysis and processing of data from the various sensors collected to the corresponding ecu: this is a feature of Texas 's layout, mainly the multisensor integration technology (easoneadas), the automated parking loop system, the multifunctional high-resolution loop platform, the multi-purpose high-visibility platform, the multi-purpose high-visibility platform.
Infrared night vision systems, etc. As can be seen from the research and development projects of the big smart cabin companies adas, the largest number of research and development projects in Texas are currently carried out by adas, which has the largest research and development input.
It's also the perception and processing of adas, the layout of the three smart cabins, and there's no big difference in the type of product (mainly cameras, millimetre wave radars, perception algorithms, etc.), but it's clear that Desacrivy's adas are more numerous than any other competition.
The smart cockpit was officially released at the Cesasia exhibition in June 2017, in which the smart and capable cockpit was integrated into the adas function (Automated Parking System, Sensor System for up to 22 Sensors). The smart cockpit consists mainly of four major product systems:
1) Double 12.3-inch instrumental navigation system: displaying driving information, navigation information, etc. on left screen, displaying entertainment information on right screen, etc. 2) panoramic parking and automatic parking system: when a vehicle is out of a garage or through a narrow channel, panoramic parking
It helps the driver take control of the surroundings of the vehicle; the automatic parking system allows the driver to control, by one key, both the automatic parking and the rear-view system: three times the conventional rear-view range, no display interference, weak light.
The effect is much better than a glass mirror. 4) Sensor systems: 12 (real-time monitoring of automatic parking and autopilot), 1 single-sighted camera (departure from driveway, collision resistance, automatic cruise, etc.)
Monitoring), 77 g mm wave radars 3 (release data to body of vehicle by monitoring the road conditions in the front, achieving automatic brakes), 24 g mm wave radars 2 (achieving real-time blind area monitoring sound alarms, and a column position providing light alarms), 180° camera 4 (by instrument display)
3d Panorama technology, which provides a panoramic parking and automatic parking data monitoring. Chart 23: Smart driving chart 24: Sensor systems in the Dresese smart cockpit, published last year on cesasia, includes 22 3.2, which is the company most closely involved with 100 degrees in the domestic smart cabin business.
At this stage, 100 degrees have been working together with the company tier1 primarily to develop bcu. Of these, Desai Siwei is involved in the development of all three bcus; in addition to this, 100 degrees has been working with giants like Bozo and the mainland on sensors such as radars.
A dedicated computing platform for autopilot can be understood to transform the high-precision positioning, environmental perception, and decision-making planning software module products into hardware. To date, bcu-mloc (high-precision positioning), bcu-mlop (high-precision + environmental perception) have been rolled out to 100 degrees.
There are three bcu products in Bcu-mlop2 (high positioning + environmental perception + decision-making planning). There are now large auto parts and components in Bo, Mainland, Delfort, Ceefu, etc. Desailawy, Huayang, Roadfon, Airfleet, etc., have joined the apollo project, as described above.
Only Desai Weiwei is involved in all three bcu research and development processes. Bcu's target client is the whole factory, and the first samples are tested by the train 1 and the whole factory and will be produced in two years' time.  There is a clear division of labour with partners in the bcu development process: (1) 100% is the main negative.
Car parts businesses in areas of concern to 100% will not be involved in the AI, cloud and high-precision map business: (2) calculator chips required to provide artificial intelligence: (3) Desaise, Teefu, Union Electronics, etc., will provide integration and production sites for specific car parts and components.
Because Internet companies like 100 degrees don't know the rules of the car, 100 degrees mainly want to make high-precision positioning products by opening up software capabilities, but they don't know how to make high-precision modules into hardware products, and the involvement of auto parts and components companies makes up for 100 percent of this.
3.3, adas has to break the foreign monopoly, and nationalization will open up to 30 billion sizes, and according to our analysis in the Smart Net Links Report 1, the penetration rate of all types of adas products is currently very low, as the cost of sensors drops and the technology matures.
The size of the market is very high. As of the end of 2017.10, with wire aids (11.80%), deviations from the early warning system (9.06%), automatic parking spaces (7.14%), active brake systems (6.78%) have a low overall penetration in the pre-shipped market; night vision systems (0.88%), fatigue
The driver’s hint (0.79%) is extremely low, with none reaching 1%. The driving force behind our judgement on the increase in the penetration of levels 1 and 2 adas is the decrease in the cost of the main sensor, while the driving force is the push for policy.
Driver I (main): The cost of technological breakthroughs is reduced (for sensors with higher configurations and earlier technology adas systems). Currently, vehicle-borne cameras and ultrasound radars are free of very technical barriers, mainly in terms of multiple suppliers and low prices.
In terms of radar, although the introduction in 2012 of the microwave frequency chip (mic) at the chip level in Infinion reduced the price of the microwave radar from 10,000 to about 1,000 dollars, the price of 1,000 dollars is for the realization of a given adas system (e.g., the pa automated parking system)
In the case of two to four millimetre-wave radars, it still appears to be very expensive, and if the cos process matures in the future and succeeds in replacing the mainstream sige process, the cost of the millimetre-wave radar will be significantly reduced.
Driver II (minor): Policy (for low sensor configuration and technologically mature adas systems). On 7 March 2017, the Ministry of Transport and Communications issued the Full Technical Conditions for the Operation of Passenger Vehicles, which require more than 9 m of operational passenger vehicles plus loading lanes to deviate from the Early Warning System (ldw).
And the standard pre-crash warning (fcw) function, which is 13 months in transition. It can be seen that Idw and fcw, which the government requires to be comported before a passenger vehicle leaves the factory, are applications for sensors with lower requirements and higher technical maturity.
For example, the required sensor is simply a camera, which makes it easier to spread at a lower cost at the same time that technology requires it. We expect China’s adas sensor market to be more than 25 billion yuan in 2020, adas.
The size of the market as a whole will be $32.7 billion. According to the plan for the development of the key components in the "Intelligent Network Automobile Development Technology Road Map" published by the Ministry of Industry and Communications, “by 2020, our autonomous optical lens will be more competitive and will be developed for the autonomous integration of vehicle-mounted millimetre wave radar.
The autonomous development and testing of laser radar is low-cost and miniaturized, and we expect that by 2020 the price of key sensors (mm wave radar, laser radar) will be significantly reduced as a result of technological advances, technological advances and national substitution: in combination with the “My country's level 1 adas system 2020” in the Road Map.
The market application plan, which aims to achieve a 50 per cent penetration rate for vehicles, is about Euro17 billion (about RMB 132.4 billion) in 2020 at the level of l2-l5 penetration, with sensors accounting for about 76 per cent of the total market size and systems accounting for about 24 per cent of the market size.
According to this percentage, we further expect the overall market size of the adas to reach $32.7 billion. Drive the car, Chang An is planning to produce 400 yuan in 2020 (24g car-mm wave radar will reach the cost range within 200 yuan and 77g within 500 yuan), long wave radar (ultrasound radar) at 50 yuan, and laser radar will be estimated at 10,000 yuan in 2020.
In all, the 360 panorama is estimated at $300, and our market share in the country is currently largely monopolized by the foreign auto parts and components giants, whose core technology is in the hands of giants such as the mainland, Bosch, Delfort, Otolive, and their sensors.
The product is not sold to China alone, but provides the entire garage with a complete system to make more profits and create a monopoly advantage. The domestic smart-sports are mainly marketed for adas sensors, but some of the higher technical barriers, such as millimetre-wave radars and laser radars, require massive research and development investments.
The key assumptions for profit projections are: (1) ACs that are homogenized as a result of increased competition in the industry The risk of a decrease in unit prices for products from controllers and vehicle-borne entertainment systems, assuming that the cost changes are not significant
Corresponding Māori rates also show a downward trend; as products become more functional and new products become more widely available (e.g. LCD dashboards), the unit price of the products of the Car Information Recreation System and the Driver Information Display System is not available owing to the replacement of the Car Information System (MCS) with the Car Recreation System (DVS, radio)
With this, the sales of vehicle-borne information systems will continue to grow at a medium and high rate, while the sales of vehicle-borne entertainment systems will decline. (4) The Māori ratio of products is largely influenced by increased industry competition, downstream price pressure transmission, product abundance, and the functional enhancement of vehicle-based information systems compared to other types of products.
It is clear that the Māori ratio will therefore remain slightly higher; as the penetration rate of the LCD dashboard rises, there will be a certain increase in the Māori ratio of the DUI system. The risk of a drop in sales of company-backed cars is that the company will pay for it because of the rapid decline in the downstream passenger vehicle market.
The total volume of acillary vehicles disclosed in the manual was about 270,000 fewer in 2017 than in 2016, leading to a marked decline in the company’s growth rate in the first three quarters. If the future car market continues to be depressed, the pre-suit customers in the Desaiway industry will not be able to expand as much as expected: the autonomous branding market is actually home-grown.
There is no room for business, and businesses are now working to expand joint brands and pre-engineers abroad, with a view to generating new revenue. As businesses are at the stage of accelerating joint ventures and offshore customers, the company’s potential customers are being taken by competitors, making it impossible for them to expand.
Aadas R & D progress and productization are not as risky as expected: the main competitors in the domestic adas are the mainland, the Bosch, Delfort, etc., which is now also emerging as a number of excellent start-ups. If the company's R & D progress and productization are not as good as expected, the domestic start-up is.
Companies will gain a priori advantage in the trend towards adas nationalization. Analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market shows that: score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment