Three-quarter net profit increases of 84 per cent over the same period, and the price of car glass doubles.
As a result of the increase, the net profit performance was innovative, mainly due to higher income and higher exchange rate earnings. Ring 3.64pt, net interest rate rises on a year-on-year basis mainly due to the financial costs resulting from the exchange rate gains of q3.
August 30, Fukuoka announcement 1) proposed to invest over $650 million in U.S. full-time subsidiaries, to expand projects such as plating car glass, steeled lacquer window production lines, floating glass, four suns, backboard glass deep processing production lines, etc.; 2) strategic cooperation with the Chengzhou government to plan 500 acres of land for implementation
At the end of the price, the price of flat rice was raised from 152 yuan in 2016 to 181 yuan in 2021, and the price of cagr was 3 per cent.
A new round of expansion of the value-added new product cycle and capacity is expected to continue to rise. With the penetration of high-value-added glass, such as skyscreen glass, hud glass, Glossy glass (600660.0sh) - cost of raw materials and RMB exchange rate tracking and sensitivity
Glass of Favour (600660.0.sh) - Quarterly Renovation and Quarter Value Increase - Quantified Glass (600660.0.sh) - Strong Growth, Four Quarter Recovery Investment Recommendations: Maintenance of Profit Forecasts, Maintenance of Buy-in Ratings.
Tri-quarterly review of Hinbo Securities-Footing Glass - 600660-2021: Good performance, company as a global car glass locomotive, smart trend, car glass is expected to be 1.) Single car glass use (area) increases, from 4 m to 6 m; 2) single flat rice value increases (plating, partitioning)
Heat, bundly, hud, light tune, 5g communications, etc., increased from $600 to over $2,000. As a result, car glass, web connection opened up new horizons, the industry was expected to pick up a bit faster. Taking into account the impact of the exchange rate gains, income grew robustly in the first three quarters of 2022, q3 and net profits reached a record high.
In the first three quarters, 20,440 million dollars were collected (year-on-year +19.16 per cent), resulting in a total profit of 4,578 million (year-on-year comparison, the company ' s revenue of 2022q3 was increased by 34 per cent on a year-on-year basis, surpassing the automobile industry by 1.6 pct (22q2 domestic car production). 20203 The net profit performance was innovative, mainly due to higher revenues and higher exchange rate earnings.
Taking into account the comparable ratio of 2022 q3 Mār.0.68 pct, adjusted by accounting standards, the cost of transportation has been changed from the cost originally included in the current period to the base share recognized as revenue from goods or services Sales to operating costs: day-to-day repair costs of fixed assets associated with the production and processing of inventories, to be accounted for
During the reporting period, the company prepared its financial statements in accordance with the above-mentioned accounting policies and adjusted the presentation of its comparative financial statements for the same period of the previous year, mainly because the exchange rate gain of q3 resulted in a significant decrease in the financial cost rate on a year-on-year basis.
The change in accounting policy has led to an incomparable pattern of cost rates, so we have here to adjust the four rates for the first three quarters to 11.76 per cent, corresponding to -7.41 pct, with sales/management/financial/research and development cost rates, as per the provisions of the new accounting policy.
Figure 8: Four cost changes in the first quarter of Fulbright Glass: Fulbright Camp 20203 picks up faster than the domestic auto industry by 1.6 pct, and autoglass operations continue to advance both within and outside the country. Since 2013, annual Fulbright Glass pick-up and quarterly pick-up have fluctuated towards the general and domestic car markets
Unanimously, the industry maintained a certain level of growth in absolute terms over the industry, with 2022q3 in the domestic automotive industry.
According to company announcements, the company will continue to expand car glass capacity in the United States, Chengzhou, and Fuku Qing. The current company floating glass production base covers the country, the United States, with 135,000 tons of domestic capacity, and the United States.
According to the company announcement, the company will then expand the floating glass/light glass production capacity in the United States. On August 30, Fukuyo launched the Bulletin of Fukuoka Industries Co. Ltd. on Increased Investment in Full Capital Company, United States Limited, and its subsidiaries.
An investment of $65 million, of which $30 million was invested in projects such as plating car glass in the United States, production lines, steeled windows, etc., and $35 million in the United States of America for additional investment in its subsidiary Foyo Illinois and for investment in the construction of two lines of a kiln.
On 30 August, Foyo published a communiqué from Fyo Glass Industries Group Ltd. on the signing of a strategic cooperation agreement between the company and the city administration of Chengzhou, which will be planned by the Chengzhou City People's Government at the South Station Park complex in Chengzhou.
For example, Fukuyo uses Jung-ju as a medium- and long-term layout and a priority area for the deep-deep cultivation of the central city, to implement a whole industry chain layout in Cheng-ju, to expand production capacity, to build a “one-minus-three-base”: 1) for new technologies for new energy vehicles and new customer needs, and to build multifunctional car glass and
New Technology Research and Development Centre: 2) Further expansion of production capacity, enabling Oem support services to cover the Chinese and Chinese regions, building the Chengzhou Production Base as one of the regional, national and global base for the sale of after-sales glass, expanding the market area; 3) potential for new aluminium accessories production and export outlets in the future; 4) full-cost subsidiaries of Chuzhou Fyo Po
On 30 August, Foyo Glass Industries Group, Inc., issued a voluntary announcement on the increase of investment in full-time corporate departments. The company invested $600 million more in Fukugi car glass to build plating.
Projects such as the auto glass production line, the steel side window production line, which was filed in June 2021 at the Foking City Development and Reform Agency and built in August 2022, are expected to open a new production cycle with the company ' s car glass industry under the signal of expansion, in our view.
At the end of the price: continuous R & D inputs, higher value-added products as a share of higher value-added products than uplifts.
Inputs, and corporate R & D investments have grown from 155 billion yuan in 2010 to 815 million yuan in 2020, and 1.13 per cent in San Goban. Companies have set up smart innovation centres, create smart network innovation teams, quickly develop barriers, and are using core technology such as critical car glass-forming processes and equipment, glass antennas, plating, photovoltaics, etc.
A breakthrough has been made in the development of light-quantified super-glasses, plating and heating glass, displaying glass on the head, super-segregation, ecclesiastical 5g glass with a network antenna, intelligent panorama glass, etc., bringing new green intelligence, energy-efficient, safe and comfortable driving experiences to users.
“Carbon peaks” require that Fukuyo actively introduce highly automated production lines in the manufacture of innovative products, substantially increasing the efficiency of production and product quality, while further reducing production energy consumption. Research and development of innovation and technology leads to a rising value added of corporate glass products.
Full comfort, energy-efficient and environmentally friendly, fashion-friendly, intelligent integration, intelligent panorama glass, condensable light glass, head-deep glass, ultra-segregated glass, light-quantified ultra-bullet glass, heated glass, and high-value plus products, such as plating, continued to rise, representing an increase of 3.31 pct over the same period the previous year.
In December 2021, the world's first landscape-wide mountain tourist train was officially downlined in Hunanzhou. The train was scheduled to be operational on Integrated Orbital Transport Line 1 in late 2022, and the train's outer front window was projected to be operational in late 2022.
The empty mirror was designed using a super-blank front window with a glass area of approximately 5.2 m2, which is currently the largest-sized track front window product, in addition to which the side window of the train uses electric-modifiable glass.
Figure 12: The automotive glass industry has benefited from an increase in the size of a bicycle and the value of a single square metre. Figure 13: Visual enjoyment of rear row passengers at the unit price of Fukuyo car glass ($/m2).
Energy for vehicle appliances by converting solar energy into electric power; reduced fuel consumption; unshielded hypervised view, with a perfect view over the sky; excellent light collection, which in turn magnifies the atmosphere, heat insulation, sound insulation, solar skylights, full view windows.
In the meantime, create a wonderful driving experience, which combines all kinds of fabrics with fine shapes, so that they can be flat, beautiful, wind-shielded, door-glassed, behind.
The adornment is integrated into glass and it is small; it displays a colourful, lightly look. The windshields, skylights.
It's got a high-luminous, bright-looking mirror; a free-forming design; a stand-alone high-light exterior; a top effect; and a guided track structure that provides direction for glass lifts and drops.
The windows are flat, the shape is simple and beautiful; the windows, including the adornment, are taller with the car's shape, and the wind is small.
1) Window seals will be: waterproof dust, soundproofing noise, forming the fabric of the vehicle for which the user has a better experience; 2) lead-track windows: to achieve the upward orientation of the door, slide the track as an internal and external adornment.
(c) Simplified overall vehicle assembly process for visualization, guidance tracks and glass-based structures; 3) easy-to-use modules: fast-positioning precision, efficient and easy-to-loading; actionable glass windows to enhance air circulation; easy-to-take (for back of pickup cards); hand-to-hand
Sliding windows always come together in electric openings; flat or faulty appearances can be achieved. In March 2022, Foyo Group and Qinghua University jointly set up the Center for Research on the Internet of Smart Industries to make industrial students.
Production enters the “digital first” phase, and the model will significantly improve design efficiency, reduce efficiency gains, and enhance the intelligent manufacturing capabilities of the business. Favour continues to innovate, introducing new technologies such as the lighting system, the etc windshield, and the 5g antenna glass, making the car glass more intelligent.
Increased volume, combining different antennas on a glass would reduce the overall weight of the inner beams. Looking ahead, the use of hud (the popular meb/the Great Wall's new platform, etc.), the full glass roof (Tesra, Ping, etc.), the light-up of the glass as a proxy, and the upgrading of the car glass industry in the context of electric intelligence, is expected to increase.
Quick. We believe that radiating glass, with its insulation, sound insulation, recreation, safety, etc., will give more functionality to the panorama glass. Fashion radiating glass products are fully configured and supplied to the mainstream, brand-owned electric smart cars. For the moment, radiating glass products can be divided into pdlc radiating glass, thermal color-changed products.

Low-mortality, automatic transfer of intelligence sensors, insulation of UV, use of optical game ec electro-continuing techniques to achieve a gradient of color modulus light, with investment proposals in polar helium 001, wide-blown aionsplus, Biadi seal, etc. Investment proposals: ongoing recommendation of global tap glass on high-quality track, maintenance of “buy-in” rating
In the context of motor smartness, industry opportunities revolve around 1) incremental/upgraded parts; 2) autonomous rise product chains are developed along two main lines. Under the incremental/upgraded components main line, car glass has a built-in cardboard advantage (a third of the size of the car is around the crew), and the previous upgrade revolves around front-hudization and top-of-the-scenes.
In the medium term, by looking at the penetration of light glass, forward car glass is expected to become a sea mass at the end of the car ' s ecological application, with a large growth space (one-car value from 700-1500-3000+) according to the output carrier (volume of information other than the control screen).
With China’s automobile industry growing for many years, with great focus and cost-control capabilities, it has grown as a global car glass tap (31% of cities) with far greater profitability than a global competitor. Short-term dimensions, 2022, with high growth in corporate performance expected in the context of upgrading; medium-term dimensions, companies in North America, China, and Fuku Qing, among others.
With the expected start of a new energy cycle with the expansion signal, the global market for corporate car glass operations is expected to continue to rise; long-term dimensions, the company as the global engine of car glass, with a high trend of intelligence, are expected to increase vehicle glass usage by 1) from 4 m to 6 m; and 2) square metres.
Value increases (plating, insulation, bundling, hud, light adjustment, 5g communications, etc.) from $600 to more than $2,000. The following car glass, grid connection, opening up new horizons, industry upgrades are expected to accelerate.
In the long run, the characteristics of industry growth after the logic of upgrading have become apparent, with the author ensuring that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding and is based on reasonable judgement and conclusions.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author