A steady double-digit approach, with five grains released clearly. 22q2, the company collected 13.674 billion yuan, an increase of 10.03 per cent, the mother ' s net profit of $4.276 billion, an increase of 10.32 per cent, and the smooth realization of double-digit gains, mainly in recognition of income, while the receivables remain high, with the bulk of the money being accepted.
Bills of exchange are related. In the first half of the year, five grains and liquid products achieved income of $31,973 million, an increase of $1 billion, a decline of 6.09 per cent, with sales falling by 47.76 per cent and a 79.75 per cent increase in ton prices, mainly the five grains and fragrances optimizing the product structure, focusing on medium-high-priced products, while being more affected by domestic epidemics.
As a result of repeated trends and the combined effect of the high sales base of low-priced products over the same period the previous year, there was a decline in the sale of alcohol series. As a result of the increase in tonnage, the Māori ratio of five food and liquid products in the first half of the year was higher than the +0.22 pct to the Performance Award, resulting in a slight increase in profitability.
\triangleright Additional share ratio -0.22 pct to 13.8 per cent, mainly due to reduced production of other alcohol products and reduced consumption taxes; sales cost ratio + 1.21 pct to 15.94 per cent, mainly based on last-year performance appraisals by marketing personnel
Incentives were awarded in the current period, resulting in an increase of 79.08 per cent in the labour costs of sales costs over the same period, while advertising costs were also focused on television advertisements, leading to online advertising, and on United States culture; management rates ranged from +0.07 pct to 4.77 per cent; overall sales costs ranged from +1.1 pct to 17.49 per cent.
Driven by an increase in the Māori rate, net corporate interest rates in the first half of the year ranged from +0.78 pct to 38.45 per cent, of which five grain fluids (000858.sz) were: steady and medium progress, a higher proportion of directly sold caliber adjustments, and faster growth in the Middle East.
\triangleright Smart Door 2.0 construction to upgrade consumer terminal service capabilities and further use the special store as a direct service to the five grain fluids (000858.sz): super-deep opportunity push
The core position of the customer at the end of businessc has been adjusted to the direct sales model, with sales revenue ranging from +20.8 pct to 41.1 per cent in the first half of the year compared to the same year, to +2.04 pct to 86.93 per cent in the same year, and distribution of the five grains liquids (000858.sz): delivery slowed down.
Lu, the company achieved $10.546 billion in alcohol revenue in the East, West, Central, North, and South markets respectively, and even as a result of the second quarter of the epidemic, the five-food liquid products grew faster in the East and South China markets, growing by 14.67 per cent and 29.61 per cent, respectively.
Six months ago, there were 350 to 2404 more dealers in the company ' s five-food liquid products, and 102, 40, 56, 65 and 87 more in its Middle East, West, Central, North and Sindh S.A. Southern markets, respectively.
I don't know, cinda securitiesco., ltd plus 9 to 611.
Profit projection and investment rating: In 2022, the company ' s business goal was to maintain a steady growth of two \trianglerights for gross operating income, to maintain a steady middle-level thrust for work, and to find room for price increases.
Risk factors: Risk of macroeconomic uncertainty; risk of recurrent outbreaks \triangleright study of the National Social Affairs Fund in Shenzhen.
The study focused on breaking through the industry and the shares, looking at valuations and security margins. The personal public: a food drink study. You don't know how to talk, depth, depth, and come out slowly. A solid industry study of temperature, combined with stock understanding, works for investors.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.