– Five grain fluids (000858.sz) incident assessment report, semi-annual report 2022: 41,222 million won in 202H1 battalion (sunss@cfsc.com.cn)
Performance met expectations, profitability continued to improve Price driven, product structure continued to optimize (with 39 per cent reduction) with a ton price of 536,000 yuan per ton (with an increase of 46 per cent).
Products/other alcohol products are sold at 1.86.53 million tons, i.e. +15 per cent/-48 per cent of the year, as a result of a combination of optimized product structures, epidemic effects and high base effects.
" Five Foods and fluids (000858) Dynamics Study: Towards a better outcome " " Five Foods and fluids (000858) incident assessment report: multi-measurement and " Five Foods and fluids (000858) event review report: performance instrument "
Consistent with expectations, steady word headlines — 2022-04-29, “Estimation report on the five-food fluids (000858) event: new management, downside macroeconomic risk, disease-delayed consumption, poor growth of the classic five-food fluids”
Collectively, active and effective communication — period 2022-03 — less than expected price increases, less than expected increase in group purchasing, etc.
Report of the five-food fluids (000858) incident evaluation: personnel adjustments
Sun Shansan: Master of Economics, five years of food and beverage sellers’ experience, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry, focus on the beverage plate, in-depth study of the white wine industry, etc.
Ho Astronomy: Master of Laws, University of Shandong, University of Warwick, United Kingdom, with a dual master of law, economics, and taste industry research, reflects my research views. I have not been, nor will I be, driven by the specifics of this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.