Double-digit growth ahead of heavy weights, with 1,000-bit-band demand tenacity just as the food beverage, White ginchuan, 2022 q25 food fluids showed strong demand, and the main brand continued to grow robustly.
41,222 million yuan (+12.17 per cent) was collected, resulting in a net return profit of 15,099 million yuan (+14.38 per cent).
The sub-region looks at 22h1 in the east/south/3740.73 million dollars, and is expected to benefit less from the impact of the local q2 outbreak.
As demand recovers over time, the company is expected to achieve a full year’s mission. Billion dollars, 17.8% more than in the same year, and the ability of the channel to pay back more efficiently, once again highlighting the company’s brand power at a $1,000 price.
In the second half of the year, the company is expected to start the next round of growth. For the second half of the year, the price outlook is clear, the company’s price targets are clear, the balance strategy is being optimized, and it is expected to remain “first-in-first-in-first-out.”
The idea is to reduce the pressure on subsequent price control by completing the marketing task. Looking at h2, the company will be able to make a smooth cut-off in 2022 - starting with channel profit plus fine channel structure plus development of custom products: 1) channel reform
The main targets are to optimize the channel structure, which will reach 2,500 for the next three to five years; 2) Integration, LSD-000858 -- Critical Events Rapid Review: A smooth change of board to open up new channels such as Ka; 3) Development of non-standard products to reduce growth pressures in P5; 4) appropriate grant
Five Foods - 000858 - Critical Events Rapid Review: 21 years of steady business, 22 years of steady access will be rewarded and confidence will be raised. At rhythm, three quarters of the mid-autumn season is expected to be celebrated. Three quarters of the mid-autumn season. Three quarters of the five Foods Liquids - 000858-2021 will be evaluated: steady progress, high-quality delivery.
This year is a stable year for the five grain fluids, followed by management thinking, "Five grain fluids -- 000858 -- critical events quick: the juniors take up their posts, the firm has a good start, or the next cycle of growth will begin.
The main brand continues to grow with strong demand for 202,022. The 22h1 company achieved revenue of 13,674 million yuan (+0.04 per cent) and a net return to the mother of $4,276 million (+10.30 per cent).
15.1 %/2.3 %; other alcohol products collected $6.54 billion (-61 %), of which sales/tonne prices were adjusted on a par to optimize the product structure and focus on medium-high prices. 2) P52104 has an increase in the contribution of price increases and high-end alcohol demand for resilience in the event of an outbreak. The net interest rate of 2202 was 31.3%, which is generally stable.
According to the subregion, the main brand 22h1 is expected to achieve a full year’s mission. 2202 companies have healthy cash flows and contract liabilities are under pressure. The company collected $17.7 billion in the 2202 quarter.
The same growth rate of 17.8 per cent, with a strong flow-back capacity, once again highlights the company’s brand power at the $1,000 price band. The contract liability at the end of 22h1 was $1,877 million, with a ring reduction of $1,730 million, or about 70 per cent, compared to the same period; most major players had completed their return through the year in the first quarter due to pressure on the operator to return and the maturity of the bill of exchange.
In the second half of the year, the company is expected to start the next round of growth. The market has some concerns about the price movement of the five batches, and we believe that the firm’s quantitative objectives are clear, and the balance strategy continues to be optimized, as has been the case since March.
P5's full-blown price is strong, and it's fast-tracked in May. For the second half of the year, we expect the company to keep the idea of first-to-last price, before it slows the follow-up through the completion of sales, and, with the support of demand, there's no room for falling prices for the rest of the season; in the medium and long term, P5's high-end drinking status continues to grow.
The trend is still clear. Foresee h2, companies are expected to achieve 2,500 from profit + fine channel structure + development annual targets; 2) integration of channels such as business superka; 3) development of non-standard products to reduce growth pressures; 4) appropriate incentives for channels to boost their confidence.
Quarters of mid-autumn season will cover part of the sale, and this year will be a stable year, following management’s business thinking, or the next cycle of growth will begin. The front-line marketing team will be fully empowered, and marketing reform will strengthen endogenous energy.
Determined that since March, companies have moved forward with the reform of their internal marketing systems by giving full power to front-line teams, and that institutional improvements are expected to continue to stimulate internal livelihoods. Recent feedback on the P5 policy awards is expected to optimize, with grants of $30 per bottle to distributors at the end of the year in parts of Henan, Jiang Zing and Beijing, considering the end of the year.
There will also be incentives to help solve business profits and boost marketers’ confidence. The firm’s fundamentals are deep-rooted, and its five basics are being consolidated, along with a sustained push to upgrade its product structure and optimize its channels, and there is still room for growth and momentum in the medium and long term to see the company grow.
Figure 1: Single-quarter operating income and increase (in millions of yuan, per cent) Figure 2: Single-quarter net profit and increase (in millions, per cent)
Figure 5: Cost rates for quarterly sales of five grains and fluids (in %) Figure 6: Cost rates for single-season management of five grains and fluids (in %) Schedule: Financial projections and valuations
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject