The trend remains constant, the trend is steady throughout the year, the trend is improving markedly, the channel system is fine, and in the second quarter, the impact of the epidemic varies from one region to another, in 21 war zones across the country.
With 11 battle zones showing positive growth, and other regional companies actively taking steps, we expect the company as a whole to continue its steady progress in the first half of the year, and the trend remains unchanged. The company is currently decentralizing camera decision-making, business appraisal, fee reimbursement, etc.
In addition, the company channel has been transformed from a single distribution channel to a distribution channel +ka + a group purchase channel + a special store + a new retail channel, where the niche will be upgraded and digitally enabled outlets.
The company's two-digit goal for the year 2022 will remain stable. The company's four-digit goal will remain unchanged.
Second, on the channel side, there is a sustained push for shopping channels, special stores, and new retail outlets. Third, the focus on resources creates four national strategic brands, namely, cutting-edge, five-food ol, five-food spring, five-food specials, and fourteen-five issues.
We're trying to sell over $20 billion: the point of 10 billion dollars, the five grains and the five grains, the five billion dollars and the two billion dollars for the five grains. Fourth, the price of the current pots is steady at over 2,500 dollars, and the price of the five grains is expected to stand at 1,000 yuan next year.
We believe that companies have taken a number of steps in recent years to assess brands, products, prices, channels.
At the time of implementation, to secure solid foundations - 2022-05 - Report of the five-food fluids (000858) incident evaluation: performance against expectations, solid word for word - 2022-04-29
Report of the five-food fluid event evaluation: new management of macroeconomic downside risks, disease-delayed consumption, poor growth of the classic five-food fluids, active and effective communication - 2022-03 -
The P5 (000858) incident assessment report: 2021 The P5 (000858) incident assessment report: personnel transfers
Study on the Dynamics of the Five Grains (000858): 1218 Grand  Food Beverages Group Profile Sun Shan Mountain: Master of Economics, four years of experience in food and beverage sellers, full coverage of the food and beverage industry, gathering
Caramel plates, in-depth study of the White Wine industry, etc., have been employed in the short-term potentials of the State Trust in Securities, New Age Securities, China Sea, and have been hard at thinking about the White Wine plate, with deep marketed thinking and insight into Soho. What's the word: Master of Laws, University of Shandong, Master of Laws, University of Warway, United Kingdom, with a double master of law, economics, etc.
I will not receive any form of compensation either directly or indirectly because I did not, nor because I did not receive any form of compensation for the specific suggestions or opinions in this report.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.