First Shanghai Five Grains (000858) 2022 - 2022H1 performance is robust and long-term planning is on track
Yellow Sea Tse 2022h1 performance meets expectations: total corporate income achieved in the first half of the year, net return profits increased significantly at the respective tonnage levels and profitability released: sub-products, 22h1 per cent of food and liquid products earned revenue
31,97 billion yuan, or +17.8 per cent, of which volume increases of 15.1 per cent to 18.6 kilotons, average tonnage increases of about the same magnitude, as a result of the active focus on medium- and high-priced products during the epidemic by the Xanax company, and the high current base for sales of low-value products during the same period the previous year, the marked optimization of the structure of the series of alcoholic products contributed to a significant increase in average tonnage by 79.8 per cent.
This led to an overall increase in the Māori ratio of 1.75 pct to 59.8 per cent, which, taken together, benefited from an increase in prices for core products, and from an improvement in product structure over the period, resulting in a significant 85.5 per cent increase in the average ton price of the company ' s overall alcohol sales, driving the epidemic to show high resilience, and a clear long-term planning trend towards better results: due to the impact of the second quarter of the epidemic, much of the land was lost.
The alcohol consumption scene is missing, but the company’s high-end brand products are very resilient, and overall sales are on a positive trend. Of these, the five batches remain stable under external pressure, and, according to market research, the overall pipeline stock is still in good shape.
In the long run, the company’s long-term sustainable development plans are clear: on the product, the eighth generation of five-generation food fluids.
It will continue to achieve the goal of a small jogging, gradually promoting a steady increase in the price of the batch, continuing the consolidation of the 1,000-dollar price belt core, with the classic five-food fluids focused on branding for the whole year, with a future focus on the development of a high-end consumer circle, a renewed 2,000-plus white wine market, and a series of wines continuing to focus on four national strategic brands, insisting on a fast-tracking brand of thin brands.
In turn, through channels, companies will continue to optimize their channels of operation, gradually increase their direct distribution channels layout, and continue to deepen their channels through digital construction; on brands, companies continue to make branding a central objective, strengthen consumer opinion leaders and consumer circles, and increase their profound reform of the marketing system.
For long-term and sustained improvement in business performance, net profits are expected to achieve significant risks in 2022-2024, respectively: 1) food safety; 2) price increases below expectations; 3) the impact of the epidemic exceeded expectations.
First Shanghai Securities Co. Ltd. First Shanghai Securities Co. Ltd. First Shanghai Securities Co. Ltd.
First Shanghai Securities Co. Ltd., 71 Hong Kong Mid-End Avenue, 19th floor of the Young-Ann Group Building.
This report has been prepared by Shanghai First Securities Company Ltd. (“Shanghai First”) and is intended for general review by institutional investors only. No material, content or copy of this report may be copied, excerpted, quoted, altered, transferred, transmitted or distributed in any way to any other person without prior written permission from Shanghai I. The information, tools and materials contained in this report are only provided to you for reference purposes and are not used as or deemed to be the sale or purchase or acceptance of securities or other financial instruments, or an offer or invitation to make an offer or offer in respect thereof.
This report and any information, material and content do not take into account the specific investment objectives, financial circumstances, risk tolerance or any special needs of individual investors. You should make your own independent investment decisions, taking into account, inter alia, your own investment objectives, risk assessment, financial and tax situation.
There is no explicit or implied statement or assurance of propriety.