Three-quarter net profit hikes (002050.sz) are concerned about the progress of robotic operations and a small increase in operating income of 2024q1-q3. The company 2024q1-q3 achieved operating income of $20.560 billion.
Net profits of $790 million, an increase of 3.0 per cent in the same year, and a decline of 9.2 per cent in the ring, benefited from the company's performance: 1) the company's new energy vehicle service orders continued to be released, the company's zero-power business accounted for a higher share of new energy vehicles, and the supply of orders continued to be released. 2) Refrigeration and AC power companies dominated the product market.
Initiatives such as accounting for, promoting home-grown and scaled-up purchases of critical equipment reduce the combined costs and are expected to increase further as improvements continue to occur, and companies become more profitable. The number of heat-management products is the highest in the world, driving globalization.
In 2024, in terms of the global picture, 1) refrigeration operations: promoting reform in Europe ' s Avico, leading to a reversal of losses.
The construction of the South Plant Phase II plant and the establishment of production lines to expand production lines in Mexico and Thailand. 2) Zero industry: active promotion of production bases in Mexico, Poland and the interior of the country, such as Shao Xing, Nakayama, Shenyang, etc. Investment in smart frequency control, robot server control, domain controller projects and opening of new ones.
Growth point. In January 2024, the company signed a letter of agreement for the investment of the project of the Polytechnic Centre for the Future, with a total planned investment of not less than $5 billion, including a project for the Advance Electronic Intelligent (EIR) Change Controls project of the company's controlling subsidiary, and a project for the implementation of the Three-Purpose Robotic Servers, the thermal management domain.
The above layout facilitates the integration of companies from mechanical development to electronic control.
The development and upgrading of technological solutions for control of trans-frequency control technologies and systems integration is expected to be a potential growth point, as is the extension of the Three-Purpose Smart Control (002050.sz) - Long-term Growth Outlook for the Heat Management Convergence.
Three-quarterly tri-quarterly review of tri-season (002050.sz)-2023 - Continued profitability risk, customer outreach risk, exchange rate risk, etc., Mid-year review of tri-brand control (002050.sz)-2023 - Sustained zero-boil operations, etc.
Investment proposals: A small downward shift in profit projections to maintain a "better than the big market" rating. Considering the combined power of zero-floating chillers downstream, there was a small increase in business income of 2024q1-q3. Tripoe smart control 20.560 billion yuan, an increase of 8.4 per cent, and a net return to the mother of 2.30 billion yuan, an increase of 6.6 per cent.
There has been a steady increase in the market share of goods, as well as positive corporate capture of energy efficiency upgrades, refrigerant switching, multi-connectivity, cooking power, heat pumps, storage, etc., which has combined to boost business income.
Figure 5: Corporate Māori Rates and Net Interest Rates (%) Figure 6: Corporate Māori Rates and Net Interest Rates (%)
Refrigeration AC parts and components remain the global leader. Currently, the market for products such as corporate air-conditioning electronic expansion valves, quadrupling valves, electromagnetic valves, microchannel heat exchangers, and omega pumps are the world's largest.
The company is now the world’s largest in the use of electro-inflated valves, new energy sources, and integrated component products in car heat management. New-energy car sales are increasing, and the zero-gas business is expected to go with mainstream new-energy car customers.
Integrated heat management operations, with the addition of three heat management circuits to the heat management system for new energy vehicles, the addition of components such as cooling boards, pool coolers, electric pumps, electronic expansion valves, and the introduction of a new heat management system for heat pump air conditioning, which has been increased from around $2,000 to about $6,000 in value relative to the traditional fuel heat management system
A two-fold upgrade, the company's active layout component integration and heat management system programme, upgrading from “mechanical component development” to “system control technological solutions for integrated sub-control”, product-scaling super-upgrading technology, and further upgrading of the company's thermal tubes, the single-car value of the product, with the maximum single-car value exceeding $5,000.
The company has now become an important partner in Biadi, Volvo, Gilly, Fareo, Mahler, the general public, Mercedes, BMW, Toyota, Universality, Ideals, Uranium, etc. The company collected $8,93 billion in new energy auto heat management products in 2023, an increase of 33.9% compared with the 33.9%, which accounts for 90% of the revenue from the auto spare parts business and is expected to be fully covered.
The company has many years of experience with zero-carbon operations overseas. Companies have branches in the United States, Europe, Japan, and India.
The company, the American Triumphs, was founded in 2011 to gain experience in its operations, the United States of America established two Sunsends in the United States, Michigan and Mexico. In June 2017, the Mexican Triumph Zero organized the launch of the txv production line, and Mexico's triflix was positioned on the assembly of the swelling valves, which reached production in 2017 and designed its annual capacity.
In October 2022, the second phase of Mexico’s industrial park was officially launched. India’s triple flower, located at the three-butter zero-inflated valve, was locally assembled and sold and produced in 2014, with a capacity of 500,000. Japan’s triple flower was created in 2008.
In addition, the company signed a cooperation agreement in April 2022 with Minsu Motor Technology Research and Development Ltd., a joint venture to build a plant in Poland (51% of stockholdings) and a one-stage plant.
The strategic layout of globalization is continuing. In 2024, the company decided to discontinue the external distribution of gdr in the light of changes in the internal and external environment and careful analysis of the situation, while further advancing globalization.
Strategies to enhance the international brand image and overall competitiveness, a pre-profiling exercise is under way for issuing securities (h shares) and listings abroad, which is expected to be no more than 10 per cent of the total stock stock of the company after the release. 2024 Globalizing Operations in Refrigeration: Promoting Reforms and Improving Business Concepts and Processes in Europe
In 2024, the auto parts and components business was globalized: it actively promoted Mexico, Poland, and the Republic of South Korea.
Construction of factories such as Nakayama, Shenyang and new production energy layouts based on the company ' s hand orders, battery and electronic heat management products, electric thermal tubes, cabin heat management products, whole-car heat management products and microchannel heat changers as of 30 September 2027
In the case of robotics, companies will focus on imitating robotic machines and electro-operators. The company has established partnerships with a number of clients and has a pre-emptive advantage. In the area of imitation robots, companies will focus on electro-mechanics.
The company is also active in planning the layout of the overseas production of the electro-electric executors. The company will recruit specialists in the areas of electrical power, motion, electrical control, sensors, and will expand the researcher team to 150 people over the next three years.
The human robotics implementers are more similar to the core processes of the company's electronic pump products, including pressurization, emplacing, machine processing, welding, surface treatment, electrical circuits, pcba patches, assembly, etc.
Valves, heat exchangers are based on continuous R & D expansion. As of 2024h1, the company had 3966 domestic and foreign patents, of which the patent authorization was 1975, and the company has now accumulated technologies that are similar to pump valves and can be applied to robotic machine appliance products.
In the area of industrial cooperation, Sanhua signed a strategic cooperation framework agreement with Green Suzhou Harmonious Technology Co. Ltd., which will co-finance a joint venture at Sanhua Mexican Industrial Park, the main business of the joint venture, for the purpose of synergizing the engine and strengthening cooperation in the robotic industrial chain.
With regard to storage, the company closely follows developments in the technology of the storage system, focuses on the mainframe, has been recognized by its head customers, and aims to match the potential for medium- and long-term development in the storage industry with the core technology of the company, laying the groundwork for the subsequent development of products of technological advantage.
Major investment in 2024: the Sanhua Smart Future Industries Centre project, 4 January 2024, the company and its controlling subsidiary, Hangzhou Pioneer Electronics Ltd. (84% of the 3x4% of the shares) signed an Investment Agreement for the Sanhua Smart Future Industries Centre project with the Hangzhou Quandong New District Management Committee.
The total planned investment is no less than $5 billion. The projects include: 1. The Advance Electronic Intelligent Change Frequency Control Project, which is intended to invest in the development of the Advanced Intelligent Change Frequency Control Facility in the Money Pond Region.
The company plans to invest in the construction of robotic power executives and domain controllers (with the aim of providing integration for customers) in the Pond area.
The R & D and production base projects, with a total planned investment of not less than 38 per cent, have facilitated the upgrading of companies from “Mine Department Development” to “E-Control Integrated System Control Technology Solutions Development” to extend to the transfer frequency control technology and system integration upgrades as potential growth points.
Investment recommendations: a small reduction in profit forecasts and maintenance of a “better than the big market” rating. Authors ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic is based on the author's professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party's approval or influence; authors have not studied them in the past, now or in the future