In parallel with research in the interior, national production has accelerated performance growth - The North Chinese newspaper (002371), 2019, and the first quarter of 2020 (20200425) showed a year-round improvement in expectations, revenue and profits.
Net profits of shareholders in listed companies increased by 22.10 per cent and 32.24 per cent, respectively, and the Māori rate and the net interest rate, respectively, for the zhouyu@cczq.com sub-business, generated an operating income of $3.91 billion for the electronics equipment business, an increase of 26.58 per cent over the same period;
The electronic component business achieved an operating income of $847 million, an increase of 7.60 per cent over the same period. The main reasons for the firm’s robust performance were: (1) the expansion of external markets, good customer relations and an increase in the coverage of the product market.
In 2019, sales increased by 26.58%, which was greater than production.
The end of integrated circuit equipment R & D project, with equity incentives, promotes a steady increase in the company’s market-based q1 performance as a state-owned enterprise, with a sustained increase in profitability. The company’s business income and q1 affiliation in 2020 grew by 32.49 per cent and 33.01 per cent, respectively, in the net profits of shareholders in listed companies.
(a) The increase in advance receipts, with cash revenues from the sale of commodities of $1.78 billion during the first quarter, an increase of 172.92 per cent over the same period;
291 million yuan, an increase of 365.72 per cent over the same period. 1000 Hengsheng House, Land House Gate Road, has opened its borders from outside, and in-house research and development innovations have been replaced by high-end integrated circuit equipment from beneficiary countries.
In Fukuda, where Fukuda Fukuda is the 6th tax freer, the circuit market accounts for about 33% of the global market, which is accompanied by increased trade friction between Central America and the United States, and the logic of alternative production trends in the integrated circuit countries persists. In 2019, the domestic crystal mill accelerated its layout, which is expected to be worldwide by 2020.
China (Sichuan) Free Trade Experiment has 18 semiconductor projects under construction, 11 in mainland China, and the Yangtze Storage and Central Qui International have been built into urban high-comfort highways.
Production capacity will be released. The company’s market has been expanded, working closely with large clients. Currently, 17,12 inches of high-end semiconductor equipment are in the production phase, 8 inches of equipment have been continuously ordered by customers.
In the area of semiconductor equipment, according to the list of interstate equipment procurement items disclosed in January 2020 by the Yangtze, 12 items of equipment, including 3 corrosion devices, 3 years of benefit from PV technology, expansion of high-efficiency battery production, further enhancement of market occupancy, public
Advanced process etching, pvd, ald, etc., integrated circuit manufacturing equipment, and mini/microled crafts equipment to meet the demand of downstream customers for advanced process equipment.
The equity fund raised a total of $2 billion for the high-end integrated circuit equipment development and industrialization project and the high-precision electronic component infrastructure expansion project. As of the end of 2019, the total amount invested in the fund-raising was $5.648 million, leaving a total of $1.976 billion.
To promote the development and certification of high-end equipment projects and optimize the expansion of electronic components projects. In addition, through the implementation of the second stock options and restricted stock incentives scheme, companies are pursuing market-based reforms that will grant 4.485,000 shares of equity options and 4.47 million shares of restricted stocks, thereby enhancing employee confidence and motivation.
The company (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) is not considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving the report, and has no direct business agreement with the company.
This report is based on information that the company considers reliable and published, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of such information.
The opinions, assessments, and projections contained in the report are the only points of view and judgement that are available on the date of issuance of this report, and are subject to change without notice. At different times, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments, and projections contained in this report. At the same time, the prices, values and investment revenues of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in this report may fluctuate.
The company is not obliged to update the information contained in this report to all recipients. The company may modify the information contained in this report without notice, and the investors should follow up with the relevant updates or modifications.
The company seeks to report objectively and impartially, but the ideas, conclusions and recommendations contained in this report are for the information of investors only, not as an invitation or guarantee for the purchase or sale of securities or the subject matter of their investments. The views, recommendations, etc. do not take into account the specific purpose of the investment, financial position and specific needs of the persons to be obtained from the report, and consult with any professional financial consultant in the financial, tax and other fields. The company ' s previous relevant studies predict and analyse accurately and do not predict the accuracy of this report and this document.
The company and the author shall not bear all the consequences of relying on, or using, this report and other relevant studies of the company.