Performance is on track to meet national production opportunities for semiconductor equipment The growth in corporate revenue slowed in 2019 on 25 April 2020, mainly due to global semiconductor and led equipment
In the sub-operation, the electronics equipment business earned $3,191 million, or +26.58 per cent, mainly from new inputs for multiple high-end semiconductor equipment to obtain duplicate purchase orders from customers, and increased procurement of general semiconductor equipment resulting from technical overlaps in cellular batteries in the photovolve industry; and electronic components
In 2020, the semiconductor industry warmed up, and domestic crystal mills such as Yangtze storage, Shanghai Hua Li, Huayun, etc. were launched. According to China’s international bidding network, companies have accumulated 22 equipment orders since the beginning of the year, and we believe that downstream capital spending will continue to boost the demand for equipment, making it public.
▪ A significant increase in the Maori rate of electronic components, with a marked improvement in the cash flow level of 2020q1 1) the Māori rate was 40.53 per cent in 2019, compared to +2.15 pct, of which Māori for electronics equipment 3) net operating cash flow in 2019 was $941 million, compared to -200 million during the same period last year.
The main reason for this is a marked increase in the volume of orders and production compared to the previous period, which led to an increase in the availability of goods. The net operating cash flow of 2020q1 was $722 million, compared with +384 per cent, with a marked improvement in liquidity.
In 2019, the company invested 1,137 million yuan in R & D, or 28.03 per cent of its operating income, and at 12 a.m., multiple items such as silicon corrosion machines, metal pvds, stand-alone oxidation/discharge furnaces, humid scrubbers, etc.
Equipment such as corrosion machines, metal pvd, stand-alone oxidizers, wet scrubbers, etc. frequently obtain repeated purchase orders from customers; in addition, nmc612dicp etching machines have been successfully applied to the icrd14nmfinfetsadp process and have laid the foundation for entering advanced processes such as 7nm, 5nm, etc.
Since the beginning of the year, North China has won three silicon etchings, one pvd and two decomposition orders: three silicon etchings, three pvds, two tubes and five decompositions stored in the Yangtze.
Fire equipment orders, of which silicon etchings account for 27% of the market. The company’s first bid, cubspvd, was set up, breaking amat’s monopoly.
1. "Norwegian" (002371): "To be collected, storage, rainbow systems, thugs, thong semiconductors, combs and thugs, etc., all buy RT-related assets in the North."
Launching the procurement cycle for domestically produced equipment, and each production line pull effect is not expected to be weaker than the core technological competitiveness of the Yangtze.
II. " Nord Hwang (002371) " : performance, turning into a long-term new phase.
Significant growth in equipment flagship performance 2019-Tung Wu Xinjiang Figure 3: Small increase in Māori rate and maintenance of a stable net interest rate
Figure 4: Cost rate control for the period is good Figure 6: The number of technicians is also growing year by year