Re-innovation of hand orders, storage of giant booster performance release: 25 April 2020, North China reported 2019 and one quarterly report 2020, with company revenues of $4.058 billion in 2019, an increase of 22.10 per cent; North China (002371.sz)
In addition, companies have announced plans to issue super-short-term vouchers and medium-term bills. Over the course of the quarter, the total advance on orders is expected to be higher: in 2019, the company earned $4,058 million, corresponding to $1,322 million in q4, and the total advance on the purchase order.
Millions of dollars, or 32.49% of the year-on-year increase, the company maintained a high rate of growth during the epidemic, largely benefiting from the significant expansion of the production of the China-Crysian longline crystal mills. On the profit scale, the company lost $0.02 billion in q4 in 2019 and $0.03 billion in 2020 in non-net profit.
It is worth noting that the company took orders in a quarter and signed a supply contract. The amount of contractual liability (equivalent to the pre-paid amount of the signed contract) was higher than 2,644 million yuan in the financial statements, and the amount of pre-receipt billed by Ring q4 increased by $1,172 million, far above its historical peak. At the same time, the company was actively preparing q1 stocks, amounting to 3,978 million yuan, with an increase of $343 million in the ring, which is also historically higher.
We believe that, with an outbreak of growth in the company’s hand orders during the quarter, subsequent expansion of production capacity and the pace of supply preparation are particularly critical, which will determine the company’s ability to deliver. Downstream markets are growing rapidly, with a rise in the share of production aids for new products: in 2019, in addition to a slowdown in investment in the led industry, integrated circuits, advanced envelopes, new displays, etc.
The \triangleright photovoltage industry has been growing rapidly. With regard to integrated circuits, the country's two major storage giants have made significant breakthroughs in the past year.
The storage was officially announced in September 19 for 64 layers of flash chip production: and in April 20 for 128 layers of qlc. We expect that the storage of the Yangtze will extend its capacity to 50,000 pieces/month in the year: Fatty Chang published his product road map in December 19 and officially launched the ddr4 standard in February 2020.
Dram chip. We expect to expand production capacity to 40,000 units per month in the course of the year. In addition to the long-span, high-quality crystal mills, such as China Cube International, China Rough, Towers, Yandong, will expand production this year, with the expectation of rapid and robust performance growth for the company.
For new items, multiple high-end equipment such as 12-inch silicon etching machines, copper interconnectivity pvd, stand-alone oxidation/reburst furnaces, wet cleaning machines, etc. in the integrated circuits are being used in successive stages of production. Perc battery technology in the photovoltaic industry is being updated in an iterative manner, which also drives low-pressure diffusion stoves, decalators, large-yielding pecvd, single-crypsters, etc.
In addition, the company developed sic etching, gan etching, medium etching, pecvd, pvd and wet cleaning machines for the third generation of semiconductor equipment.
The company’s new products are constantly being updated and its share continuously expanded, giving new impetus to subsequent developments.  Bonds are being issued to reduce the company’s burden and increase its financial power: the company’s announcement is that it will apply for the issuance of extra short-term coupons of up to RMB 1 billion (including RMB 1 billion) and medium-term instruments of up to RMB 500 million (including RMB 500 million) in total, mainly for repayment of bank loans and replenishment of liquidity at the end of 2019.
At the same time, the remaining funds could be invested in product R & D or expansion of production capacity, which would enable the enabling company to make further breakthroughs in the area of high-end equipment. Investment proposals: we look firmly at the business layout of the North, and the company’s short- and long-term growth logic is clear.
Releases; medium-term exposure of new products to long-lived clients; long-term improvement in the self-sufficiency rate of equipment produced by deep beneficiary countries; Risk factors: lower macro-economic climate, epidemic impact, expansion of crystallized mills, increased competition, and less than expected progress in the validation of new products.
Figure 2: The North Chinese Business Panel, Figure 3: Purchase of semiconductor equipment 2007-2021f (b$) Figure 4: The North’s Generating and Profiting Performance
Figure 5: Performance of North China’s Profits, Figure 6: Cost of North China’s Generating Period, Figure 7: Cost of North China’s Crafts for R & D (billions of yuan)
Figure 8: Inflow of income and operating cash flows from North China (millions of yuan) Figure 9: Net profits and net operating cash flows from North China (billions) Figure 10: Invented stocks from North China (billions)
Figure 11: Receivables from the North (millions of dollars)
This report has been prepared and published by the China Securities Commission. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sindha securities and provides support and reference in investment decisions for this category of customers, with strict agreement on rights and obligations. It is provided to specific customers only and not to the public.
The present report is prepared with publicly available information deemed reliable by a credit certificate, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. At different times, or through the use of different assumptions and criteria, different perspectives and analytical methods have led to the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which special notice may not be given.