In the North, where the process equipment is fully flowered, the product mix has a clear advantage of billions of yuan, 33.0 per cent of the year.
Performance grew steadily, but the business structure continued to optimize. Corporate income and profit growth in 2019 resulted in business structure optimization, process equipment was a bright spot for growth, slower than last year, mainly in general semiconductor equipment, such as vacuum equipment, slower than in integrated circuitrs.
Artistic equipment operations are likely to have maintained a high growth rate, largely based on the market environment in the second half of 2019, the intensive production of local crystals plants, and the rising number of companies in pvd, etching, heat treatment, etc., and the rise in the city’s share. In 2019, $2.6 billion was earned in the North microscopic (ic+led+fpd+photo+part parts)
In 2016, the share of total company income rose from 39% to 63%, and the business structure continued to optimize. The product mix of the five major categories of process equipment is becoming increasingly dominant, new products are being introduced, new processes are being validated.
In the early stages of capacity-building, five major categories, bulk-in-the-river storage, the China Rainbow Tinless Plant, and the Shanghai Hua Likang Bridge Plant, the company and the Hoon Yu and Shanghai Jae-tae have agreed on a strategic collaboration. The company has a 3dnand client order, and more than 20 new processes have been developed and certified.
Progress. At the end of the first quarter of this year, the company’s inventory was close to $4 billion, a rapid upward trend compared to 2018 and the end of 2019, while the advance of over $2 billion in a quarter was 80 per cent higher than at the beginning of the year, reflecting a significant increase in delivery of new platforms and a more optimistic response to new orders.
Continue to target the nationalization of advanced process equipment. The company started 14 nanoprocesses in 2018, ready to enter the customer process certification phase, and in November 2019, companies such as nmc612dicp etchings were involved in the autonomous development of 14 nmfinfetsadp-related processes in icrd, which is now 12 inches ahead of the company.
The process equipment for the entry process, e.g. etching machines, pvd, ald, etc., is accelerating development. Major consideration is given to the impact of equity incentive costs and stock spreads.
At market prices as of 24 April 2020, the construction of the plant was not proceeding as expected; spare parts were not supplied in a timely manner.
Qualifying for portfolio investment consultancy, Yang Shao Fai