Construction Bank (601939): The quality of assets is good in the first quarter of 2020! Events: Building Bank operating revenue of $20,9395 million in the first quarter of 2020.
The net profit of shareholders belonging to the parent company was 80,855 million yuan, an increase of 5.12 per cent over the same period, corresponding to a profit forecast and investment rating of 0.32 yuan per : one quarter of the construction bank ' s high-speed credit expansion, more than 5 per cent of the profit increase, and most importantly, the asset quality was very robust, the poor rate was flat and the late loan rate was in late 2019.
▪ The growth in one quarter is driven by scale, and roa is down by 8bp. The construction bank’s credit expansion in the first quarter was high, with a 6.39% ring growth, and the total asset pull was 6.58% higher than at the beginning of the period, thus affecting the average total asset by between 8bp and 1.23% below the same period.
1) Net interest differentials of 10bp to 2.19% below the same year may result from accelerated lending to public loans, although net interest income increased by 6.7% from the same year and contributed less to roa. 2) Net non-interest income increased by 5.45% from the same year, mainly in trust and settlement
It is expected to be affected to a certain extent by the epidemic, and its contribution to roa is slightly reduced. However, investment returns to roa have decreased significantly, as a result of stock market fluctuations, losses in the valuation of base and equity investments, and gains and losses on fair value changes have declined significantly from $2.55 billion in the same period last year.
543 million, while investment returns fell by 8.9 per cent over the same period, although the stock market was up in the first quarter, the company did not fully cash in and out, so the balance of other combined revenues increased significantly from the beginning of the period by 59.2 per cent (3) Management fee expenditure contributed to the roa, i.e., lower operating and management fees than the previous quarter.
At the end of the quarter, the company’s poor rate was 1.42% at the beginning of the year, with a modest increase in coverage to 230.27%, although the two indicators were in the State sector.
None of them were the best, but in essence we thought that the quality of the company ' s assets was the best in the State-owned business, which stemmed from: 1) the company ' s late lending rate of 1.15 per cent at the end of 2019, which was significantly lower than that of the other State-owned majors, reflecting the strictest criteria for determining non-performing loans and the quality of the substantial credit; 2) the public
The Division ' s credit costs have remained at around 1 per cent in recent years, with a net yield of only 0.44 per cent of the non-performing loans written back in 2019, with an excellent asset quality indicator; (3) We have learned from industry research that retail credit clients such as public and credit cards are among the best in the industry, and therefore retail finance is now the best.
In an environment of heightened stress, the quality of corporate assets is more reassuring, and mortgages in retail loans are higher than in other state-owned banks, which can help to stabilize the quality of assets. The narrow pace of interest spreads is expected to slow over the next three quarters.
Measuring interest-bearing asset returns by 12 bp per year and 2 bp per quarter per year, and projected debt costs are also more rigid. We judge that the narrow spread is due mainly to the favourable price policies of lending in the first quarter, which supports the return of small and medium-sized enterprises to work, while the high rate of increase in term deposits also stifles deposits.
Lower cost range. Next, as retail loans recover from the second quarter, and the cost of the deposit is equal to the cost of the loan.
Annual rate of net generation of non-performing loans = (net increase in non-performing loans + write-off provisions) Annualized cost of credit = average daily balance of credit assets impairment/loans and advances