Wally Group (300979.sz) core sporting brand suppliers, share expansion driven growth textile apparel manufacture
Corporate profile: Professional shoe manufacturers, tied high-quality brand customers, and financial performance. Wally Group, a global leading shoe manufacturer of size and strength, earned $20.6 billion in 2022, with capacity of 240 million pairs. Companies have a stable and deep partnership with a number of internationally recognized sports and leisure brands.
The top five clients headed by Nike earned 91% of their income. The company was controlled by the Zhang Zhen family for more than 50 years and built deep-shoe shoes. The company's performance in the last five years has increased by more than 20% in combination, with greater profitability than the industry, guanjunyin@guosen.com.cn
Industry analysis: sports track Changqing, Chinese firms have a clear advantage in the chain of trade in sneakers. 1) All-round shoe industry chain combing: China has a strong all-industry chain advantage, especially in the end and middle segments, but faces trade barriers, so Chinese firms shift their production capacity to South-East Asia; others
Households are well positioned on the basis of labour costs, tax preferences, raw materials supply and geographical advantage, South-East Asia 52 weeks of maximum/lowest price share of end products. 2) Sports industry characteristics and supplier barriers: long-term growth in the sports sector
Well, the market for sneakers is about $152.1 billion, compared to 4.5% in the past five years, which is higher than the overall shoe market. Sports brand concentration is high and continues to rise, with the share of Top10 rising from 37% in 2013 to 45% in 2022.
Core suppliers are subject to long-term dynamic evaluation. 3) Vendor competition patterns: relatively small numbers of head manufacturers, long history and long years of collaboration, resulting in higher concentration, combined with a 24 per cent increase in the share of the three listed shoe companies. 4) Brand and supplier valuation retunes: for example, Nike and head suppliers.
Core suppliers are associated with strong brand valuations, and competitiveness and share enhancement drive upwards in valuations. 5) Industry: downstream international branding is expected to be completed within six months, and suppliers are ready to move. Core competitiveness: leading in size and efficiency, stable management system. 1) Competitive advantage: growing advantage.
(b) Cost advantages of economies of scale: corporate output. Wally Group (300979.sz) - Second quarter revenue cuts were narrow, product unit prices were significantly higher and expansion was more positive; high human effectiveness, per capita output was higher than that of peers and per capita cost was lower than that of peers;
Wally Group (300979.sz) - Second quarter income drops have been narrower, with net interest rates equal to 3) yield advantages: lower labour costs and better stability in central Viet Nam; 4) management advantages: very experienced founders and second-generation children, and strong ability of companies to deliver quickly and on time.
Wally Group (300979.sz) - Quarterly net profit drops by 26%, focussing on downstream products Growth analysis: demand-side old customer share increases + new customer development and supply end-of-life capacity continues to expand. Companies have not come to Vietnam/Indonesia to expect a total of 12 new plants in the medium and long term, assuming that climbers will be completed in the next five years
Over the past five years, the combined growth in income from Nike is expected to be 23 per cent:2) other than Nike, with the top five clients remaining steady and fast growing, and the new brands that have been incorporated more rapidly in the last two years.
In the short term, as the stock pressure of downstream brand clients improves, it is expected that the company’s fundamentals and future orders will return to seasonal warming, that the orders will be restored, that the valuation is expected to be repaired and that next year’s orders and performance growth will be determined. The growth and certainty of medium- and long-term companies, expansion of capacity and improved client share are promising.
Indeed, core competitiveness guarantees companies sustained profitability and a strong cash return in the industry. Corporate profile: leading global professional shoe manufacturer, professional shoe manufacturer, tied high-quality brand customers.
Wally Group, which is mainly involved in the design and marketing of sneakers, is a leading global professional shoe manufacturer. In 2022, the company earned $20.570 billion in products, mainly sports and leisure shoes, outdoor boots, sports cools, sports and leisure brands, which remain stable and deeply cooperative, with the top five clients being nike (name: nike, nike, nike, nike).
Converse), deeckers (brand: ugg, hokaoneone, teva), vf (brand: vans), puma, underarmour, with a combined income of 91 per cent. In 2022, about 240 million pairs of capacity were produced, with a capacity utilization rate of 90.95 per cent; the company ' s finished shoe manufacturing plants were mainly located in the northern and central regions of Viet Nam, Yongshan, Wailing, Viet Nam.
In 2023, the company plans to continue to have a high concentration of shares in Indonesia, Myanmar, Viet Nam, and management experience, as well as a high concentration of shares in the Zhang family. The company is controlled by the Zhang Xin family, and its chairman, Zhang Xin Yin and Zhang Quan.
His wife, Zhou Miyu, his children, Zhang Zhibang, Zhang Weng-heung, Zhang Jing-wei, through full-assessed intellectuals, Heung Xin, Heung-Shu, Yung Jin, and Ying-chung, respectively, held 87.48% of total shares, with a high concentration of shares and a clear structure. Figure 2: Walli Group stock structure map (up to 2023h1)
The management of the company is experienced and the management team is stable. The chairman of the board has more than 50 years of experience in shoe-shoe manufacturing and has extensive experience in production management; the other core management has extensive experience in industry, the management team, the development of a rematch: the Zhang-sewy family has been working on shoes for more than 50 years, and Wally has been established since it became independent.
For more than 50 years now, the issuer has been working on the development and manufacture of shoes and shoes. This has led to the formation of a “centre for management and development, with Nakayama, China, and a trading centre, with Viet Nam, China, Myanmar, and Dominica at a price”.
(i) Wally’s predecessor: Zhang Xing Yin Group (1990-2003) has been working on shoes since his graduation from the University of Zhang Xing Yin University, in the Chinese Taiwan shoe industry, in the Yun Lin cluster, in brand trades, freight forwarders, shoe factories, etc.
In the 1970s-80s, leather shoes and high heels were made; in the late 1980s, both the development centres and the production headquarters were moved to Guangdong because of the perception that China’s market capacity had grown more and more. In 1990, Mr. Zhang, together with his partners, established the Good and Young Business Company Limited in Hong Kong.
(c) In March 1995, Yoshinaga Group Ltd. was listed in Hong Kong, and the main business was set up for the Year of Shoes, which is the Group ' s development centre in Nakayama; and Mr. Zhang Seon Yung was the director of the Shinjiang Group from 1994 to June 2002 and from February 2005 to June 2014 and is actually in control of the family.
Prior to the acquisition by the ethnic group of the Sino-Shoi Group ' s shoe-shoe-making assets, Mr. Zhang Xue Yon was the President of the Production Business and was responsible for (ii) the gradual improvement of the shoe-making business chain and the transfer of production capacity to South-East Asia (2004-2003) The Sino-San Walli Company was established in 2004 as a shoe-making branch of the Sino-Shoi Group and set up a model factory.
Step-by-step improvement of the shoe-making business chain; establishment of the Viet Nam Henchuan Group in 2005, establishing a business-chain transfer strategy and gradual movement of shoe factories to Viet Nam; establishment of Viet Nam Bonwei in 2006; establishment of Viet Nam Jumping, Viet Nam Shanghai, as a vans dictatorship plant in 2008; establishment of Nakayama Chije, as a centre for development and general management in 2009
The Ministry; Viet Nam’s manufacturing base expanded rapidly in 2010, with Hong Mei, Hong Kong, Viet Nam, Lichuan, Viet Nam becoming an authoritarian Nike factory and setting up a Nike research and development centre in Viet Nam.
During the year, despite the transfer of some of the production capacity to Viet Nam, labour costs continued to rise, and the New Shoe Group decided to sell the shoe-shoe manufacturing business, and after the sale was completed, the New Shoe Group ceased to engage in shoe-shoe manufacturing and changed its business to manage the operation of brands and shopping malls in China.
The plants are mainly branded as columbia, ug, tieva, hokaoneone, sfc, etc.
The Zhang Xinjin family has been affected by the family’s influence on Mr. Zhang’s children, who have a good understanding of and enthusiasm for shoe-laying, as well as investment in shoe-making enterprises, which until 2013 were mainly converses, vans, Timberland, etc.
(iii) Wally operates independently, gradually establishing its leader (2013-present) and Mr. Zhang Xinyuan took over the shoe-fixing manufacturing business of the New Shirts in June 2014 after the Zhang Xinyuan family acquired it in 2013
Instead of being a director of the new Qing Gang, the main focus is on managing the family-controlled shoe-shoe business. The actual control family is dominated by Mr. Zhang Qi Yin, who is running and managing all the family-controlled shoe-shoes. In the following five to six years of operation, Zhang Qi Yin's family-controlled shoe-shoes acquired assets.
There have been rapid developments, with clients and brands constantly expanding to become important suppliers of nike and underarmour brands, in addition to the growth of previous client orders. In order to meet the growing demand for orders, in 2014, in addition to the continued expansion of former plants, a plant was established in the Tamboril processing area of Santiago de Dominica;
The shoe company Yongzheng, Viet Nam Yahin, Viet Nam Cheuk Yeo was founded; the shoe company Jung Da, Viet Nam Yonghong, was founded in 2015; and the company was founded in 2017 as a professional shoe-dressing factory. The group became one of the few shoe-making factories that owned the entire business chain of shoe soles, modeling plants, shoe-dressing mills, etc.
Founded in Sichuan, Myanmar; out of 180 million in 2019; listed in a stock market in 2021 by the Wali Group, with the expansion of the production portfolio to Indonesia, with Indonesia ' s aberdeen, Indonesia ' s aroma; the company ' s head customer orders growing rapidly, resulting in sales of sports shoes amounting to 210 million pairs; and the establishment of Viet Nam ' s Wally, Viet Nam, 2022
Vietnam’s huge and growing productive capacity. Financial analysis: Performance with double-digit composite growth, excellent profitability and cash flow, double-digit growth in income and net profit, and post-epidemic pressure on brands to go to the vaults showed a decline. 2017-2022.
In 2021, global supply-chain tensions persisted, with high-quality large clients ordering rapid expansion of single stacking and capacity, with business earnings growing by 25.4 per cent and net profits increasing by 47.3 per cent.
Annual corporate incomes and net profits are declining at a relatively high base, and the pressure of downstream branding in the second half of the year is showing a relatively low annual Māori rate, with the increase in company reserves, rising human costs and increased investment in fixed assets, such as plant equipment, declining Māori rates in 2019, and production capacity in the first half of 2020 under the New House epidemic.
The introduction of new accounting standards annually reduced freight and customs charges from sales costs to operating costs, thereby reducing them to 0.4 per cent and fixing them. The financial cost rate remained low, rising from 0.3 per cent to 0.8 per cent in 2019, resulting from reduced interest on borrowings, increased interest income as a result of fund-raising to account, and an increase in exchange rate gains in 2022
Holding -0.3 per cent is the result of increased interest income resulting from the increase in time deposits and exchange gains resulting from the devaluation of the renminbi.
Acquisitions have led to a significant increase in current liabilities resulting from inter-firm lending within the former group as a result of related-party borrowing. Figure 10: Net cash of the company.
In cash flow and free cash flow, we expect the company's future bonus rate to remain at over 40% compared to the industry analysis: sports track Changqing, Chinese firms have a clear edge in the industrial chain of manufacturing sneakers.
Global sports shoe industry chain collating: China has an all-industry-chain advantage, South-East Asia end-products, and major national market positions: market position in terms of export shares, China has a significant advantage in the final and intermediate chains, South-East Asia has an enhanced advantage in the final chain, and Europe and America have a clear advantage in the raw materials chain.
A stable supply chain has been formed in the sneakers manufacturing industry, where upstream materials are supplied mainly by countries such as China, Thailand and Italy, while China and China are mainly responsible for substitute work in countries such as Indonesia and Viet Nam, and when the manufacturing process is completed, they are sold by branders, with a clear division of labour and a clear distribution of industrial profits.
1) Viet Nam and Indonesia have significantly higher shares of sneakers exports than other countries. The top five countries in 2021 were Viet Nam, Indonesia, Germany, China and Italy, with shares of 24.2 per cent, 22.2 per cent/8.7 per cent, and 7.4 per cent respectively, Viet Nam is the largest exporter of sneakers, with shares from the last decade.
In 2011, 16 per cent, up to 33 per cent, had fallen to 24 per cent in the last three years, but still maintained the largest share, mainly based on factors such as sufficient labour, low labour costs, good export tax policies, and the large number of its national shoe-making enterprises in Viet Nam, in addition to its own indigenous plant; Indonesia ' s second largest share, which had been rapidly raised from 13 per cent since 2019.
Up to 22 per cent, the latest target country for shoe-making firms to invest in construction after Viet Nam; China's share of exports has declined from 22 per cent to 8 per cent in the last decade, mainly as a result of rising labour costs and trade policies, with large numbers of factories moving to South-East Asia.
2) The United States, Brazil, and India have a significant advantage in the share of cotton exports. The top five countries in 2021 accounted for 32.9 per cent and 19.6 per cent and 16.3 per cent and 8.2 per cent and 4.6 per cent respectively, respectively, of the United States/Brazil/India/Australia/Greece in 2021, with the United States being the largest exporter of cotton in the world, almost three years.
All remained above 30 per cent; Brazil and India, the second and third largest cotton exporters in the world, with shares of 16-22 per cent and 7-16 per cent, respectively, for the last three years. 3) Italy is far ahead in its share of leather exports. The top five countries in 2021 accounted for the share of leather exports, respectively.
Italy, Brazil, China, the United States and Thailand, with a share of 24.8 per cent/10.1 per cent/6.8 per cent/3.9 per cent respectively, Italy's share of exports has remained constant at more than 19 per cent, with a steady first share; and China's share of exports has risen fastest, from 2 per cent to 7 per cent, in almost a decade.
4) The difference in the shares of the top five countries in rubber exports is small. The top five countries in 2021 were Germany, the United States, Korea, China and Thailand, respectively. The top five countries in 2021 were higher in the shares of yarn exports, and China, Viet Nam, and India were higher in 2021.
China/India/Viet Nam/United States/Italy, with a share of 27.1 per cent/13.2 per cent/9.6 per cent/ 5.4 per cent/4 per cent, respectively; China, by country, is the largest exporter of the veil in the world, with a share of more than 25 per cent for the last three years; India, Viet Nam, with a share of 9-13 per cent for the last three years, is the second and third largest exporter of the veil in the world, respectively.
6) China is far ahead of other countries in terms of its share of flour exports. The top five countries in 2021 accounted for 52.0 per cent/4.3 per cent/3.9 per cent/3.6 per cent/2.7 per cent, respectively. By country, China is the world ' s largest exporter of flour, with its share remaining at around 50 per cent for the last three years, well above its share.
His country, Italy and India, the world ' s second- and third-largest exporters of fabric, had accounted for 4 to 5 per cent and 3 to 4 per cent, respectively, in the last three years.
Figure 18: Top five surface exporters globally Figure 19: Top five leather exporters globally Figure 20: Top five rubber exporters globally
Figure 21: World ' s top five sports shoe exporters, 2. Comparison of advantages and disadvantages of major textile production sites: China still has a clear industrial chain advantage but faces trade barriers, while other countries are well positioned to borrow labour costs, tax preferences, raw materials supply and geographical location advantages
1) China: The world's largest shoe-producing country, with a well-developed industrial chain, increased labour costs, combined with a low export tax rate, has moved from the industrial sector to South-East Asia, where China has enjoyed full advantage over the past two decades. The shoe industry has expanded rapidly and has become the largest in the world.
After a period of rapid development and expansion, the shoe-making industry in China has entered a more stable phase of development, forming a complete and mature industrial chain that is the most important exporter of global fabric and fibres and is able to fully meet the demand for upstream and downstream connections and accompanying production. According to data from the Chinese Leather Association, in 2021,
China has 4175 shoe-making firms of more than one size, with a growing concentration of industries in four main industrial clusters: first, the Guangdong Shoe Base, which is represented by Guangzhou, Dongjung, etc., and produces mainly medium- and high-end shoes; second, the Zhejiang Shoe Base, which is represented by Wenzhou, Taizhou, etc., which produces mainly low- and medium-grade red shoes; and third, Chengdu and Chongqing.
For the Western Shoe Base, which is represented by the production of low- and medium-grade women's shoes, and for the shoe Production Base, which is represented by Jinjiang, Fujian Quan State, the production of leather shoes and sneakers is mainly accompanied by trade policy, as shoemaking is more labour-intensive than garment-making, as domestic labour costs continue to increase.
The trend towards the transfer of domestic sneakers industries to South-East Asia has become more pronounced, with our share of sneakers exports declining since peaking at 50.1 per cent in 2007 and falling to 7.9 per cent in 2021.
Viet Nam, Indonesia: Sports Shoe Export Centre, labour costs and tax advantages are evident. Viet Nam has a good foreign trade environment, actively signs free trade agreements, exports to the United States, Europe, etc.
Tariffs are zero or low: secondly, Viet Nam has lower labour costs, low per capita wages, low rent levels, average wages in the north of the country of $1447.7, less than one quarter of China ' s; on the policy side, the Government has encouraged the recruitment of investments, and in recent years has enacted a series of preferential policies on recruitment, using income tax as an example, and the Government of Viet Nam has raised income tax for foreign investment projects.
Tens of tons of raw materials such as fabrics and fibres are less costly to transport and timely to supply. The share of sneakers exported in 2021 was 24.2%, the largest global exporter of sneakers.
Indonesia has more labour resources and lower labour costs than Viet Nam. The average wage of manufacturing workers in Central Java is $1030.6, well below the $1447.7 in northern Viet Nam, while Indonesia is the second largest rubber producer in the world, producing about 3,366.4 million tons of domestic rubber annually, representing 27.3 per cent of global production.
The point is to make Indonesia one of the preferred footwear production bases, with 22.2 per cent of the export share of sneakers in 2021, followed by Viet Nam, the second largest global exporter of sneakers. 3) Korea, Thailand: the former shoe making kingdom, where rubber resources are abundant
The Korean shoe industry, which began to grow rapidly in the 1970’s, became the third largest export in the 1980’s, after electrical and electronic products and textiles, and long occupied an important position in the export industry, accounting for 15.8% of global exports in 1987, and one of the major exporters of shoes. But then it ignored its own brand.
In addition to the shoe industry, Korea was the world’s largest exporter of synthetic rubber, exporting $442 million in 2021, representing a share of global exports.
Thailand’s shoe-making industry, which grew rapidly in the early 1990’s, was driven by the capacity to absorb some of its withdrawal from Korea, and its rich rubber resources provided a good basis for the development of Thailand’s shoe-making industry, whose share of exports peaked in 1995 at 4.56%. However, starting in 2010, Thailand’s shoe-making industry was facing labour.
Weak power and rising labour costs, etc., have begun to shift to Vietnam, Indonesia, etc., and exports have been declining until 2021 to 0.27%.) India: The world ' s second-largest shoe-producing country, with a well-equipped supply chain
According to the Industry Report of the Indian Shoe Leats and Apparel Commission, India is the second largest producer of shoes in the world, producing about 2.2 billion pairs of shoes a year, of which about 200 million are exported, 2 billion are sold internally, and the bulk of the internalized digestion output is produced. The main production centres in the Indian shoe industry are light industries, such as the cities of Chennai, Mumbai, Delhi, and other cities, such as shoe making and textile apparel.
After agriculture, jobs are created, providing a lot of jobs in India. The advantages of the Indian shoe industry are largely reflected in the availability of a large and cheap labour force with sufficient resources such as cotton, fibre, fabric, rubber, and so on, in a few countries with a well-developed industry.
The future development of India’s shoe-making industry will be constrained by the creation of large-scale production.) Italy: the heart-making process, which focuses on high-end products. Similar to the spinning suit, the Italian shoe-making industry has a clear competitive advantage in high-end markets and has a clear outward orientation.
The Italian shoe-making industry has a well-developed industrial chain and a better upstream material mix, with the best leather representation, with a share of 24.8% in 2021, the largest leather exporter in the world.
Innovation, product quality assurance and craftsmanship provide a higher value added to Italian-made shoes, and replacements are mostly luxury brands. Table 3: Summary of terms of trade, labour, infrastructure and industry chains in the main participating countries
The size and pattern of the sports market: the long-term growth of the sports shoe suit is good, its concentration is high and its holdings are growing faster in the long term, and the size of the sports shoe market is more than $100 billion. The size of the sports shoe market in 2022 was approximately $152.1 billion, compared to 4.5 per cent in the past five years, and the projected global figure for the next five years is 6.8 per cent.
The sale of shoes and shoes was $361.4 billion, compared to 0.6% in the past five years, and the market for sneakers grew at a significantly higher rate than the market for shoes and shoes. At a three-fold increase, the global market for sneakers was about $50.7 billion in 2022; according to the average retail price of the Internet, the price was about $286 and the price of the plant was about $95 and the price of the global campaign was estimated.
The annual sales of shoes were approximately 3.57 billion pairs, compared to 5.7 per cent in the past five years.
The total market share of mobile shoe branding enterprises was 45.0 per cent, with the combined market share in the top five rankings as high as 27.5 per cent and 12.6 per cent respectively in the sneakers market, with long-term stable brand concentration, stable head brand shares and an increase in the share of sneakers Top 10 brands from 36.8 per cent in 2013.
(a) Barriers to the production of sneakers: sports brand heads have high barriers to entry and complex shoe-fixing processes. There are more processes involved in the production of sneakers, with more than 180 of them, and the company ' s main products are processed in raw materials such as fabrics, leathers, etc.
At first, they are made into shoes after processing procedures such as cutting, stamping, needle cars, etc.; the fabrics, evas, etc., are matched and the cutting process is polished into shoes; at the same time, rubber, chemical materials are used to make the floors, ground floors, etc.
The company’s main product is a combination of cold-coated and vulcanized processes. The sulfurated process combines the soles with vulcanized shoes. The vulcanized process combines the soles with the soles with the skin with the vulcanized shoes.
The main function of the supplier is to develop, produce, and sell the soles of the soles of the shoe. The sole function of the company is to develop, produce, and sell.
The camp model and main processes include the design development, production and marketing of three modules, specifically: 1) the design development process is primarily based on the development of samples by the development centre based on the drawings of the client, and after many discussions, the customer confirms the samples and orders to the Wally Trading Company;
2) The production process is mainly that the company, upon receipt of the order, produces the bom bill and the production order, and the trading subsidiary is based on the purchase of raw materials from the supplier on the basis of the bom: the centre then provides the production subsidiary with the process and samples, and the TRIAL branch has entrusted the production subsidiary with the production manufacture of the material in the way it has processed:
3) The marketing process is mainly the completion of the finished product, which is delivered to the trading subsidiary, which delivers the finished product to the customer on the basis of the trading subsidiary’s commission, and then the trading subsidiary completes the internal and external settlement of the money.
It is also responsible for internal and external coordination and overall operation; the design subsidiary (mainly located in China) is responsible for the development of infrastructure; the trade subsidiary (located in Hong Kong, China, and in China) is primarily responsible for the procurement and sale of raw materials; and the production subsidiary (located in Viet Nam, China, Dominica) is responsible for production.
Figure 28: Wally Group Business Processes Campaign brand leaders critically test new suppliers and include core suppliers through long-term dynamic appraisals. Global knowledge that brands of sports shoes are demanding in selecting suppliers, taking into account a variety of factors, and that manufacturers have to meet both
Clients ' rigorous selection of first-time partner suppliers for design strength, rapid response capacity, bulk production capacity, product quality performance and timely delivery (1): 1 key test indicator: branding enterprises typically conduct a year-long survey and testing plant when selecting a new manufacturer, focusing on the development capacity of cooperating producers (package).
Includes development personnel and quality. Development of equipment, development cycle, historical development achievements, etc.), productive capacity (quality control process, supply chain management capacity, emergency delivery capacity, production equipment process technology, lean production capacity, etc.),