Downstream demand + stock hangovers will come, with new and old customer orders growing over time (1) leading global shoe-gagging manufacturers. Companies can date back to 1990 as early as the beginning of a deep-deep shoe-gagging manufacturing industry, where they were engaged in product design for more than 50 years, mainly in sneakers.
In 2022, the company produced 220 million pairs of shoes, a small global production of more than 200 million pairs of shoes. The company’s real control and concerted action was taken by Zhang Qing Yin family.
As of 2022, the company's income, its return to its mother, the stock of 22H2 brands and its conservative forecasts of upstream orders in the economic context.
This influences short-term growth pressure. (2) Sports shoe performance is high and upstream head-supplier orders are concentrated. The penetration rate of sneakers is increasing in line with the demand for leisure time.
Highest/lowest price in 52 weeks. Cr5 shares are 31.2%, with a high concentration of leaders. In line with the trend towards specialization, global flagships are nike, adidas, vf, deeckers, puma, columbia, columbia, etc.
We're all using branding and manufacturing separation patterns, leading national sports brands, the Jojo Group, Ltd., the proportion of home-grown Steam International production is decreasing, and as of 2022, we'll be able to put our shoes on our feet, and we'll be in a special country.
While the international self-production rate was 21/35 per cent, the leading company head supplier was highly concentrated, with a 23-year-old supplier of shoes and shoes, for example, cr4, accounting for about 58 per cent, and a complex manufacturing process, as well as a rigorous supplier appraisal system, which led to a steady increase in the share of head suppliers in the south-east.
Based on lower human costs, land rents and friendly home-grown tax conditions, trade regulations, Asia has become the main global shoe-coat-capable, with factories in Viet Nam, India and China producing about 50 per cent, 27 per cent and 18 per cent of Nike shoes, respectively, according to the Nike 23 fiscal year data.
(3) Product leadership, customer stickyness, and capacity to build core strengths. On the product side, the company has autonomous design capacity to develop brand-centred development systems, 18 invention patents up to 22 years, modeling, shoe bottoming, and shoe surface weaving, making.
There are multiple types of technology in the process: good cost control (human effectiveness, plant selection, automated production) good, good human effectiveness, steady delivery, and product power. On the client side, the company is the largest supplier of conversation, vans, puma, ug, hoka.
Working with six of the top ten global sports shoewear companies, with a strong client base: the top five clients account for about 90 per cent in recent years, the top five have achieved steady income growth, the top five clients are sticky, and expand new customers such as aics, nb,onrunning, iulullemon: companies have repeatedly
In terms of capacity, the company can produce 240 million pairs over 22 years, after the Xu Yuan group, and there are still new capacity releases in the future; at the same time, the company’s capacity is distributed mainly in North Vietnam, Myanmar, and Indonesia, with some cost advantages.
By comparison, the company's main competitors are the Xu Yuan Group, Fong-tae Enterprises, Xi-Qi International, the public sector is second only to the Xu Yuan Group, profits are first, and the net interest rate is far above the peers' net profit is mainly the result of higher Māori rates and lower administrative costs, showing the cost tubes of the company's excellence.
In the short term, the demand for clothing and accessories abroad is warming, the retailer stock is optimizing, and the sales at the retail end of the U.S. clothing and apparel store, 23q3, according to ifind data, have increased by 2.2 per cent.
At a faster rate than 23q1, the stock level of clothing apparel stores grew by 6.8 per cent in August of the same year, 1.6 per cent in the ring, 2.3 in the reservoir, and the retail end stock was generally benign. At the same time, according to Viet Nam's shoe-shoe export data, there was a 16.7 per cent decline in the shoe-shoes-shoes-shoes-shoes in September of the same year, and a narrow reduction in the rate; in addition,
Good, growth is expected to be sustained; dekersfy23q2 is growing faster, client incomes are growing better, and the inventory of nike and deeckers is declining continuously, and stock optimization is expected to be nearing completion. In the medium and long term, the top four clients of the company are Nike, deeckers, vf, and Puma.
The income contribution has grown faster than the income of the clients themselves, the old clients' orders have been robust, the ua has grown rapidly as a new customer's orders in recent years, highlighting the ability of new clients to expand and, over the past 20 years, the opening of forward growth ceilings for new customers such as aics, nb,onrunning,lululemon.
In the medium and long term, the share of company core clients’ orders is expected to increase + the risk of lower demand for down-stream customers’ orders driven by the down-swinging of the global sports shoe industry to open up future growing smallpox for short-term overseas demand recovery and near-end-of-end client de-stocking.
Performance releases the expected risk of less efficient operation of the plant. 1.1 Basic scenario: leading shoe-coat manufacturers worldwide, with a high percentage of family holdings, and leading global shoe-coat manufacturers. Wally Group, dating back to 1990, was involved in the design, design, and design of sneakers.
Production and marketing are the leading global sports shoe manufacturers, with major clients including global branders such as Nike, Converse, vans, Puma, ug,underarmour, and hokaoneone, working in partnership with six of the top 10 publics in the global sports shoe-wear market. The company built a “design centre for the management and development of Nakayama, with Hong Kong and Nakayama, China, trading in Hong Kong, China.
In 2022, the company produced 217 million pairs of shoes, a small global production of more than 200 million pairs of sports shoes, and a full-time chain layout of soles, modeling plants, weavers, etc.
Chart 1: The company ' s main product
Cold glue, sulfide, outdoor boots, ug, columbia, vans.
Sports sandals, cold sticky, sulfide
With more than 50 years of professional shoe-making history, we believe that corporate development can be divided into three (1) leading sulfurized shoe-shoes and the gradual transfer of production capacity in Viet Nam from 1990 to 2012. The founder of the company, Zhang Xingyuan, started the shoe industry in the 1970s, and in 1990 a joint venture established a good business (later known as the New Gang) from its inception to 2009.
During the year, as the main supplier of Converse, teva, ugg, vans, the gradual transfer of production capacity to Viet Nam was established in 2005 and gradually became a leader in the manufacture of sulfide shoes.) From 2012 to 2020, the family industry was merged and the Wally Group productive customers continued to expand.
During this period, a partnership was established with Nike in 2012, which led to the gradual development of new customers such as Puma, hokaoneone, andunderarmour. Meanwhile, capacity expansion was actively pursued in Viet Nam, Myanmar, Indonesia, Dominica, etc.
The Zhang family has a high percentage of shares and stable management. The company’s real control and concerted action are the Zhang Xingbu family (including Zhang).
As of 23h1, the Zhang family has 84.85% of the voting rights of the company through the Junyo Group Ltd. (Hong Kong Junyo) and 2.63% of the shareholdings of the Nakayama shoe industry. As of 2023h1, there are 57 holding companies, including 5 in the country (Hingingsing, Nakayama).
China’s 21 Hong Kong subsidiaries, 24 Vietnamese subsidiaries, 3 Indonesian affiliates, 2 Chinese Taiwan subsidiaries, 1 Dominican subsidiary and 1 Myanmar subsidiary. The corporate hierarchy is stable, and the core executives have extensive shoe-shoe manufacturing experience and have served as leaders in various shoe-shoe manufacturing companies and subsidiaries within the company.
He was born in 1979, of both Chinese and Canadian nationality. He was Deputy Director-General of the Executive Department of Fuku Qing Hong Tai Shoe Company Ltd., Deputy Director-General of Fujian Wai Ying, Special Assistant to the General Administration of Nakayama Chije and Deputy Director-General of the Ministry of Production.
He is currently a director and deputy general manager of the company. He was born in 1952, a Chinese citizen of Taiwan, with a junior high school degree. He was the chief procurement officer of Taiwan Xinjin Shoe Company Ltd., the chief procurement officer of Guangzhou Xianhingtai Shoe Industry Company Ltd. and the deputy general procurement manager of Good Hing Business Ltd.
Since 1999, he has been the Deputy General Manager of China's Purchasing Department. He is currently Chairman of the Corporate Supervisory Board and Deputy Director of Corporate Purchasing.
Income performance has continued to grow, with 23h1 being held up by factors such as customer inventory movements. The company’s 2022 net income, maternity returns, was robustly growing. The company’s 2023h1 net profit, return returns, was $9,922 million and $1.456 billion, respectively, at a similar rate of growth, combined with a complex economic situation, where branders were relatively conservative about purchase orders, leading to a decline in income performance of 23h1.
Changes in product and brand structure and the effects of plant operations have led to an increase in the Māori rate, with a positive increase in management costs and a steady increase in net profits. The company ' s Māori rate continued to rise in 2022 at 25.9 per cent in 2021, benefiting from changes in customer and product structure and improvements in plant efficiency; the Māori rate declined in 22 years and 23h1 in 22, with a reduction in the efficiency of new plant deployments.
Factors such as saturation, which leads to a decline in productivity utilization, are related to companies’ use of cost-added pricing, changes in raw material prices, increases in human wages, etc., which can eventually be reflected in sales prices, and Māori rates, which are mainly associated with product/brand structures and plant efficiency.
The share of net profits is maintained at around 1.0, showing good cash-generation capacity, mainly due to: 1) the small fluctuations in the number of days that receivables receive between 40 and 55 days and the speed with which companies collect their accounts. 2) In terms of inventories, the turnover of companies is 60 to 70 days, with a slight increase in the number of days in 2020, mainly due to delays in the delivery of some of the finished products, which are affected by macro-environmental impacts.
1.3 Business analysis: Leisure sports shoes account for a high proportion, aps uplifting leisure sports shoes for 22 years, a steady increase in revenue and a steady increase in the Maori rate. 1) Leisure sports by product category: 100 million yuan in 2022, equivalent to 1.95 per cent less, mainly due to the fact that some of the sporting shoe brand clients are still in the inventory cycle and corporate orders are placed on a public order in the short term:
Large shoe sales and large production have contributed to higher production efficiency and lower costs, keeping the overall Māori rate at a higher level, which has declined in recent years and is largely influenced by the volume of orders. Other shoes are more complex, individual orders are produced in smaller quantities, production is less efficient, unit production costs are higher, and outdoor boots are more expensive.
The overall Māori rate is lower than the sports and leisure shoes. Relatively simple, the value added of the product is lower, orders for the product category are more volatile and there are large differences between brands and types of order products, leading to relatively low Māori rates and greater volatility.
90 million pairs, a 20.8% drop in the same year, are subject to downward customer stocking and conservative purchase orders forecasting, and as of $101/double, the constant rise in unit prices is due to product structural optimization (e.g., the expansion of the nike product line) and the steady increase in the concentration of the top five brands, with higher United States regional revenues. For large clients, the company’s head clients are mainly the top clients.
Nike, vf, deeckers, puma, underarmour, including nike, convers, vans, ug, hoka oneone, puma, underarmour, among others. The top five clients of the company earned 91.27% in 2022.
2.1 Sports shoes, which maintain a high profile, and downstream brands, which have a high concentration, are important branches of footwear. Depending on the function of the shoes, and their appearance, there are three main categories: sneakers, sports shoes, special shoes, and others, including sports and leisure shoes, outdoor boots, sports sandals, other sneakers, etc.
The integration of sneakers into a large number of living, leisure, and fashion-oriented design elements makes them suitable not only for specific movements, but also for everyday wear, which is an important branch of the shoes. For example, the shoes are worn with shoes that consist essentially of shoes, shoes, seismos (non-essential), bottom tables, large floors, complicated production processes, and higher professional barriers.
In 2019, according to the statista data, the global shoeboard market was sold at $435.1 billion, with a projected global shoeboard market of $512.7 billion by 2023, with an average growth rate of about 4.2 per cent in 2016-2023e, and a large global shoeboard market as a living necessity.
According to the Grandviewresearch data, the market for global sneakers in 2018 reached $146.5 billion, and the compound growth rate in 2016-2019 was 14.38%. Since 2012, it has been growing at an accelerated rate, with a better climate than the overall shoeboard market, mainly in terms of health, awareness and the prevalence of sports culture, leading to the consumption of sneakers.
Developing countries like China, India, and others have much room for increasing per capita consumption of shoes. Per capita consumption of footwear varies considerably across regions around the world, with India and China buying 1.86 pairs of shoes and 2.87 pairs of shoes per capita per year from the United States.
Developing countries, with a large population compared to developed countries, now have a relatively low per capita purchase of shoes, with much room for improvement. Future improvements in living standards in developing countries are expected to lead to an increase in the number of purchases of shoes per capita, thus boosting the market size of shoes.
Sports events + leisure scenes demand has contributed to a steady increase in the penetration of sports shoes. The global retail market for sports shoes in 2022 was 38% larger than the global market for footwear, and the rate of penetration of sports shoes continued to increase in 2014-2022, mainly as a result of sports events and leisure scenes to promote the consumption of sports shoes, accompanied by a rising awareness of the health of the population and the enrichment of leisure-type consumption scenes,
In the future, the penetration rate of sneakers is expected to continue to increase. The concentration of sports shoe brands is high. According to Ewy, the top five brands of global sneakers in 2022 were nike, adidas, skechers, puma, underarmour, with the highest share of Nike in the market, 14.6%, and adidas, second.
Up to 9.3 per cent; in 2022, the top five global companies were Nike, Adidas, vf, Ajé, Skechers, with a maximum of 16.8 per cent for nike, 9.3 per cent for Adidas, and 3.7 per cent for vf, five sports footwear and branders until 2022
The shoe industry is divided into three main industrial chains: raw material suppliers, manufacturers, brand operators.
Producers such as rubber, the main raw materials for shoe fabrics are cotton veils, fibres, etc. China is the world’s largest producer of cotton veils and fibre optics, Asia has abundant leather resources, the world’s rubber production is mainly in Thailand, Viet Nam, China, Indonesia, etc., and the overall upstream raw materials are mainly supplied in Asian markets. China is a shoe-coating manufacturer, including brands that integrate the industrial chain (e.g., your bird, Li).
It's a major brander, including Nike, Adidas, etc.; it's also derived from distributors that assist branders in reaching consumers, including Moo-bok, Boe-Sung International, and so on. The brand leader, Māori, has a stable net interest rate for high-quality manufacturers.
The brander, Māori, led by Māori, has a higher overall net interest rate, with 2022 in the case of Nike/Adidas/Andidas/Rinning Māori score, generally higher, with higher overall net interest rates for all but Adidas. 2) Downstream distributors have a higher rate of Māori and a higher rate of high-quality Māori net. Interest rates are significant, for example, 2022 in the case of Xu Bo, Bo and Winner International, with 41,68 per 36,82 per cent net interest rates, respectively.
Figure 31: In the 2022 fiscal year, there was a decrease in the proportion of home-grown branders in the different industrial chains in the shoe-shoe manufacturing industry. The shoe-shoeing industry has evolved over a long period of time and the industrial chain has become more efficient. Branders have focused on brand value-setting, product design and marketing systems, and brand-run manufacturing has been integrated.
The two models of branding and manufacturing separation, ike, adidas, vf, deeckers, puma, columbia, undersarmour, etc., are used for branding and manufacturing separation, and the two models of co-existing and international outsourcing have increased in recent years. According to company announcements, shoes were installed in 2022.
The self-carriage rate is 21.1%, 33.3pct less than 14 years, 35.0% more than 14 years, and 23pc less than. The core suppliers of international shoe-coating brands are concentrated and are expected to increase in the future.
The proportion of head suppliers (the first four) exceeds 10%, and the four top providers of 2019-2023 account for about 60%, maintaining a stable partnership with core suppliers. The number of international leaders, such as nike, Adidas, and Puma, is on the decline in 2014-2022.
International brand suppliers are rigorous, taking stock of product quality, delivery capacity, availability, and so on. International branders usually carry out a year or so of study and testing in selecting new manufacturers, focusing on their product development capacity, production capacity, availability, etc.