A good wind, a good sailing time, a 50% fraction of the minimum amount of money that exceeds the amount of money pledged in the company's distribution plan, is worth more than RMB 1 billion, which affects a net profit reduction of RMB 938 million from the company's return to the mother.
Under the influence of regional safety and environmental policies, trade in coal has been steadily removed, and sales of corporate merchandise coal have declined. The company ' s production of 2021 merchandise coal has fallen by 105 million tons, from 15.25 million tons (-12.68 per cent) in 2020 to 94.83 million tons in self-produced goods, a decline of 18.938 million in the same year.
Tons (16.80%). 25.7.1 million tons of commercial coal were sold by Shandong headquarters (company + monitoring capacity), a decrease of 6.259,000 tons (-19.98%) in the same year; and 251.26,000 tons of commercial coal were sold by the Ximong Base (future energy + Ordos + Xinse + Central Mongolian mining industry), a decrease in the same year.
12.2131 million tons (32.56 per cent) of commodities sold by the Australian base (Academia + Coal International) 42.37 million tons of coal, a decrease of 158,000 tons (-0.37 per cent) in the same year.
Slip, production recovers gradually in the second half of the year, but production is under pressure throughout the year. Looking ahead, in 2022, production suppression is expected to improve in the context of the bailout; millions of tons of coal can be released, production from the Australian base stabilized and the company's coal is expected to grow.
In 2021, the company sold an average of $716.8 per ton of its own-producing coal, an increase of $297.37 per ton (70.90 per cent) in the same year, and a Māori rate of $122.3 million, representing 39.8 per cent of the Māori to the coal business.
26.57%. Average sale price of merchandise coal at Australasia base is $657.04/tonne, an increase of $250.8/Suda Securities Co. Ltd.
Tons (61.74 per cent) and Māori (39.6 per cent), an increase of 9.49 pct over the same period, resulted in Māori Māori.
After reclassification of transport costs to sales costs and suppression of Māori rates, the same-year improvement in Māori rates is expected to be more significant. In 2022, the central price of coal, both within and outside the country, is expected to be significantly higher than in 2021, with the Māori and Māori rates for corporate coal operations.
Chemical plate prices, volume increases, and the development of sails. Company 2021 produces \triangleright 5.79 million tons of chemical products, an increase of 1.21 million tons (26.59 per cent) in the same year, of which methanol produces 2.503 million.
The transition from high-end chemicals to new materials is well under way, the coal-chemical phase II project to which Ordos is a part is well under way, and production of methanol and ethanol has increased; and the production of 300,000 tonnes/yearly production capacity for Lunan chemicals is well under way by the end of 21 and is expected to increase the company's coal-chemical production further in 22 years.
On the price side, there has been a significant increase in the profitability of chemical panels. In 2021, the company achieved a gross profit of $21,402 billion, an increase of 103.5 per cent, the average sale of chemical products.
The benefits have been significant, and the coal industry is expected to maintain its profile for 22 years, and companies will actively seek breakthroughs in the research and conversion applications of key core technologies, such as the clean and efficient use of coal.
During the period, based on a profound understanding of energy patterns, the coal industry, the industry's low-end effects, increased capital spending, deployed several tens of millions of tons of mines in countercyclical areas and built 1.8 million tons of coal-fired coal in Shandong, and acquired Union Coal in Australia in 17 years.
(Australasia Top Coal Assets), 20 years of restructuring of Mongolian mining (51% equity) and 18,355 million dollars in cash in the same year to acquire 49.315% of future energy equity, 100% of Lunan Chemical and other chemical and equipment companies ' shares for deep integration of the industrial chain
In 2021, only energy and Luanan chemicals assets created a net profit for the company, with an annualized return of more than 49%. The countercyclical layout of coal, chemical plates, is the company’s endogenous future.
Sexual growth has laid a solid foundation on which to become a very scarce, growth-dependent coal company. Strong implementation of state enterprise reforms, two rounds of equity incentives, full mobilization of employee officers to start a business \triangleright
From 2018 to the present, the company has combined three rounds of equity incentives with coal Australia. By the end of 2021, the company’s current and outgoing directors, supervisors and senior managers held 977,700 shares of a company’s stock.
In 2021, corporate dividends outperformed commitments, and corporate development strategies will fall in an orderly and steady fashion. On the basis of the Framework for the Energy Development Strategy for the Elmite Industry, published by the company in the second half of last year, this year the company will design and implement five major industries.
Sub-planning, in the area of mining, proposes to seek access to high-quality mining resources with good development prospects and low investment costs, and to expand resources and capital reserves.
Cost. The new energy industry seizes the opportunity, provides a comprehensive layout, strengthens capital operations, opens up mergers and acquisitions in due course, and raises the share of the new energy industry. The high-end equipment manufacturing industry focuses on a high-end series of products that open the market with the brand "smuggling mine."
Increased joint venture cooperation on strategic projects to achieve complementarity of advantage, shared resources, and linked development. Profit forecasting and investment rating: we go on, based on the continued rise in domestic and foreign coal prices since the fourth quarter of last year, especially the first quarter of this year, and the built-in growth space for corporate coal and chemical industries.
\triangleright \triangleright
Quantities; risk of safe production accidents; increased restrictions on the production of coal mines by safety regulations. Dr. Zhoming, China Mining University (Beijing), registered consulting (investment) engineer and member of the expert bank of the China Sinda Energy Advisory Corporation, formerly Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Service of the China Coal Industry Association (chair) for coal
For more than a decade now, it has been a research consultant in the area of carbon and energy. It has been working on the 13th Five-Year National Plan for Coal Survey and Development. It has been working on a number of topics, such as the revision of the coal industry technology policy and enterprise-related advice.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.