The elasticity of coal prices overseas is expected to increase further performance in Australia.
The Russian-Turkish conflict continues against the backdrop of a marked decline in the growth of new coal production in the world.
Russian coal is banned by the EU, and the EU needs to find new sources of coal globally to maintain a tight balance between supply and demand. Moreover, oil and gas prices are still high, the economic nature of coal-fired power generation has been highlighted, and the European and American regions may be restarting coal-fired generators, which will increase supply and demand tensions and support the high cost of coal operating abroad.
It is hoped to benefit further from the dividends of the large increase in overseas coal prices, and the company will remain resilient or strong throughout the year. Without considering the fact that the deal will benefit investors with larger shares, the purchase price is $3.6 per share (28.26 Hong Kong dollars/equity), i.e., the amount of money each shares in coal will receive.h
The principal amount of the bond can be converted. Assuming that the total stock capital remains unchanged, the company is expected to spend $1,794 million if the full share acquisition is completed. According to the 2021 report, the main shareholders in Lusin and Australasia are Sakamoto Energy (62.26% shareholding), Sindha, China (15.89%), Glencore (6.4%), Roussin International (5.41%),
More shareholders may be interested in participating in the transaction. At the same time, the conversion price is set at no less than 50% of the weighted average price of the company ' s share in the 20 trading days prior to the date on which the consolidation becomes feasible, which would encourage a minority shareholder not to exercise the transfer rights.
The price of coal abroad is rising, and it is likely that Australia will increase the company's performance.
In the company ' s first quarterly report of 2022, the net profit on coal, both offshore and offshore, was RMB 3,812 million, and according to the share in the energy stock of the mine (6,226%), the net profit on equity was the latest average price of US$ 256.7 per ton on 20 May of the year, an increase of 84.8 per cent.
The EU has adopted a ban on Russian coal. The EU, as the largest importer of Russian coal, imports up to 50-60 million tons per year, the Corporate Information Update - a year-round elasticity in which power coal accounts for more than 70% of the total. This part of coal is essentially produced in Donets, the westernmost part of Russia.
The field, which is subject to distance, is difficult to find a new supply, and therefore the supply will disappear. With high overseas coal prices, the company’s performance forecast - year-round performance elasticity, and the company’s increased share in coal Australia, it is expected to benefit fully from high overseas coal elasticity, with year-round performance expected to improve.