The Center for Resource and Environmental Research has a cost advantage in building protected rivers, and the future carrier of the titanium powder industry has continued to expand the extension of the industrial chain and is expected to increase its global presence.
There are three major trends in the titanium industry: (i) global competitiveness of companies with adequate supply of raw materials and integrated production chains will continue to improve in the future; (ii) overseas, the power of titanium powder taps is insufficient and the capacity of overseas titanium powder production will contract in the future; and (iii) the domestic chlorinated titanium barriers are high.
With limited productivity growth and small production of sulphate, we believe that there is an overall tendency to shrink. We believe that the python python will continue to grow with a large industrial chain, with a strong cost advantage, and that the global market will increase further.
Additional production capacity; demand at the demand side, rising demand for titanium in developing overseas countries, steady demand for titanium in the country, fixed growth, and a contraction in the capacity of overseas titanium powder production combined with an increase in domestic titanium technology, which will contribute to exports before the maximum increase in the demand for titanium in our country; and material at the material side, the supply of titanium is expected to continue to stagnate in support of titanium.
The company’s chlorination device has a strong operational stability, helping companies cut into the middle-to-high end of titanium powder. The country’s titanium powder product is concentrated in the middle-to-low end, and the production of chlorinated products can help the company develop the upper end.
In this area, we measure the price of domestic chlorinated titanium powder as compared to the overseas range of about 900 yuan/tonne. The company is the only company in the country with large-scale boiling-to-chlorine technology, working with titanium to slow down the diffusion of chlorination techniques, and to address the problem of the limitation of titanium powder from chlorinated methods through technological innovation.
The company has its own raw materials, extrapolating the company’s acquisition of the mine to the public sulphate titanium powder single ton, increasing the company’s cost of chlorinated titanium slags and synthetic gold rubles.
The raw materials are accompanied by titanium chloride monotons at a cost of $1,500 per ton or more; companies implement the concept of scalability, reducing the cost of raw materials, logistics, energy, etc., and have sufficient power to expand in the future; companies look forward to the integrated layout of the industrial chain, and the merger has been combined horizontally and vertically and continuously.
Wang Minghui, we believe that the growth point of the company's performance is in the dry future of the titanium powder industry, and the company's chlorination method is in the form of titanium.
The project is projected to be less advanced than expected, the real estate sector and the demand for automobiles, and the titanium situation.
Lines, stocks and receivables are growing faster, equity pledge risks, goodwill impairment risks, major shareholder risk reduction, and future titanium powder industry leaders competing with international manufacturers.
The company is the world’s third largest, Asia’s largest titanium chalk-head company, with a total capacity of 1.01 million tons per year in 2021, with production plans forming the model of Henan Koo, Sichuan Deyang, Xiayang, Hubei Xiaoyang, and Yunnan Chu, the world’s six largest production bases. The company is based on titanium powder.
Up-down-down extension is the only enterprise in the country that has full control of the large-scale boiling chlorination process, with a whole industry chain of titanium concentrate-chlorinated titanium slag-chloride titanium- titanium titanium- titanium alloy. In addition to its own mines, the company has signed agreements to secure titanium supply with Rillium and pistol titanium; and to build 500,000 tons of titanium.
The innovative construction project for the conversion of chlorinated titanium slags from titanium uplifting can produce 300,000 tons of titanium chloride base material per year and 200,000 tons of high-quality iron, guaranteeing the stabilization of the national production and supply of raw materials for the titanium powder and high-end titanium alloy projects; and the construction of a new 30,000-ton high-end titanium alloy material project downstream annually to develop high-end titanium alloy materials.
1.2 Corporate profits are well above the industry average.  Companies have been growing at a high rate in recent years, with both Māori rates and net interest rates well above the industry average.
As a result of a gradual recovery and the introduction of new productive capacity, the scale effect has further magnified the downward advantage of the company ' s industrial chain integration, and the level of corporate profitability is expected to continue to rise.
II. The company’s increasing market share, the titanium industry’s uplifting of the company’s profit center  titanium powder is a white pigment with excellent performance, also known as titanium dioxide (tio2), with high refraction rates, desirable particle distribution and good cover and coloring, mainly in the fields of paint, plastics,
Ink, paper, etc. titanium powders have three crystal structures: titanium, titanium, gold and red, which are not stable in nature for long periods of time, and are now widely used in the form of titanium and titanium powder. The titanium powder is much more resilient than the titanium powder.
(i) The global titanium powder industry: the competitiveness of companies with sufficient supply of raw materials and integrated industrial chains.
The concentration of the overseas titanium industry is relatively high, and the concentration of the domestic titanium industry is expected to increase in the future. In recent years, the world’s titanium powder producers have undergone several mergers, fewer producers, a moderate increase in production capacity, a significant reduction in product branding, and the number of brands in the global titanium market has been at its peak.
Over 600 have fallen to more than 100, and the concentration of the global titanium industry is now relatively high. In 2019, the top five foreign producers accounted for more than 90 per cent of the total production capacity of Cormús, Tenor, Pantaku, Connors and Ishihara; in 2019, China ' s top five producers accounted for 50 per cent of the capacity; and the top 10 accounted for 67.6 per cent, although our country did.
The concentration of titanium powder industry has increased, but there is still a large gap with the foreign industry, and the future competitiveness of companies with sufficient supply of raw materials and industrial chain integration in the future will continue to improve. For global titanium companies, the future competitiveness of companies with sufficient supply of raw materials and industrial chain integration in the future will continue.
As we continue the upgrade, we believe that future titanium powder companies will integrate in a way that buys titanium concentrates, co-operates with titanium miners, or directly invests in upstream operations. Historically, Tenor acquired the mine from Exxero Mining in South Africa in June 2012; and in 2011, Coste worldwide built a new business in Yanbu, Saudi Arabia.
An upstream titanium processing plant; in April 2012, the United States paint company, ppg Industries, and the mining industry of Grana Daajes continued to improve their competitiveness. (2) The overseas titanium powder dragons are underpowered and overseas titanium powder production will contract in the future.
The ability to produce titanium powder overseas has continued to shrink in recent years. As a result of low prices brought about by the global surplus of titanium powder production, leading foreign firms have continued to shrink their capacity, and since 2015, major foreign titanium mills have closed down some of their capacity, and in 2015 Komumi closed 160,000 tons of capacity, and in 2015 Teno closed 50,000 tons of capacity, and so on.
In addition, due to the early development of the overseas titanium industry, some of the pre-90’s production cycles of equipment have exceeded 30 years, and equipment ageing will continue to withdraw. China’s global share of titanium production rose from 19.4% in 2010 to 49.23% in 2019, and is still rising.
The overseas titanium powder dragons are not sufficiently motivated to expand their production in the future because of the drag on the asset-liability ratio. The overseas titanite chameleons have a higher asset-liability ratio for the heads of Komum, Tenor, Pan-Ekto, and Connors, and the asset-liability ratio for the capital-liability ratio for the top asset-debtors, which has the lowest asset-liability ratio, also reached 58.82% for the capital-liability ratio of Connors 2020q3.
In terms of operating cash flows, there has also been a significant decline in all four manufacturers, with a lack of momentum for future overseas titanium powder dragon head expansion. (3) The domestic titanium powder industry: the high chlorination barrier has limited additional capacity, and the small sulphatic acid production has become a whole.
Our exports of titanium are concentrated in the lower-middle-end markets, which corresponds to a weak growth in export gold. In terms of export volumes, the volume has increased by 66.3% since 2017, and in recent years, after a significant increase of 66.3% in the same year.
In terms of technology, although there is still room for sulphate in some areas, the overall trend is to upgrade the chlorination process, which will transition from sulphate to chlorination in the future.
In line with the long-term national strategy for energy-saving emission reductions and sustainable development, new domestic production capacity will be limited due to the short-term technical barriers to chlorination processes.
With the integration of competition in the market, some small enterprises that are not environmentally friendly and that have higher downstream demand in the country will gradually lag behind, and large domestic firms will take advantage of their size to annex small and medium-sized enterprises, and domestic concentration is expected to increase. Moreover, companies account for more than 70% of the profits of the industry with less than a quarter of the country’s capacity.
The rest of their counterparts get only a small margin of profit at a time when the industry is depressed, and the industry displays a very clear dichotomy, stifling small and medium-sized enterprise aspirations for expansion and promoting further industrial integration among industry leaders. (4) Dragon python pelicans continue to increase the distribution of industrial chains, and the continued rise in market ownership will become a global titanium powder tap.
▪ In the short term, the epidemic has accelerated the deterioration of the foreign titanium powder tap cash flow and its expected reduction in production, and we believe that the company will take a further share of the overseas titanium powder market as a result of the epidemic; in the long term, it will be seen that from 2016, the income of the dragon pelican has increased continuously and its annual performance has not been lost, mainly because of the company's presence.
At the bottom of the landscape, there is a continuous increase in capacity, acquisitions, and extension of the whole industry chain. We anticipate a further increase in the global market share of Python Pelican and, with the expansion and extension of the company's 200,000 tonnes/year chlorination and titanium chain in 2022, the company will be a titanium powder that can compete with international manufacturers.
Figure 16: Successor Business Collections (US$ billion) Figure 17: Successor Business Māori Rates 2.2 Demand-side: Growth of Foreign Export-led Demand and Slow Growth of Domestic Demand
(1) The paint is the largest downstream area for titanium powder, the largest global market for titanium powder consumption in China. The application of titanium powder downstream is concentrated in the fields of paint, plastics, paper, and ink.
In the paint industry, titanium powder is the most used pigment in the paint industry, accounting for half of the cost of paint dyes, in the paint industry, which accounts for 90 per cent of total paint consumption in the paint industry, 10-25 per cent of the cost of paint raw materials, mainly in the paint industry.
It's because titanium powder is much better than other whites in terms of brightness, masking, durability, dispersion, etc., and is the largest consumer of titanium powder in the world, with China accounting for 33 per cent of global consumption; Western Europe, North America and the rest of Asia are the main consumers of titanium powder, respectively.
20 per cent, 16 per cent and 12 per cent. (2) Foreign titanium powder production is shrinking and demand from developing countries is increasing, and exports will need to become titanium powder in the future. titanium white exports are concentrated in the lower-middle-to-low-end areas, and demand for titanium powder in developing countries is increasing.
Downstream demand has shown three clear trends in recent years: a significant increase in demand for titanium in Asia and the Pacific, led by China; a relative stagnation or overall decline in demand in North America and Western Europe, dominated by the United States; a shift in demand for titanium to emerging economies.
The low level of relative chlorination has led our exports of titanium powder to be concentrated in the lower-middle-end international markets, with prices as the main form of competition. The demand for titanium powder has gradually shifted to emerging economies such as India and Indonesia, mainly due to the large downstream application of titanium powder to durable commodities, which are currently available even though they are available.
The bulk of the country’s sales are in developing countries, where the production of durable goods is in the process of shifting to countries with low human costs. Developing countries, such as India and other South-East Asia, have experienced rapid economic growth, demand for titanium powder has increased significantly, and domestic supply is insufficient to boost our exports of titanium powder.
The export of titanium powder is expected to exceed 1.04 million tons in 2020, and the annual compound growth rate since 2013 has reached 14.60%. On the one hand, some foreign producers have shut down their sulphur because of the reduced capacity of titanium powder production abroad in recent years.
Acid titanium powder production, while foreign demand continues to grow steadily, forcing some downstream firms abroad to import titanium powder; On the other hand, developing countries such as India, Brazil, where demand for titanium powder products has increased as a result of rising economic growth, have become less supplied with titanium powder.
The technology is constantly improving, and the country’s mature technology for the production of titanium sulphate has become a substitute for some of its foreign production, and the volume of titanium powder imported from China by developed countries abroad is increasing. (3) The domestic real estate and automobile industry is warming, and domestic demand for titanium is growing at a low rate.
The share of paint downstream is higher in construction and automobiles. In construction property, the impact of the new crown epidemic has subsided, restoration has advanced in an orderly manner, while benefiting from a more liberal financing environment, with houses starting on the same level of area and continuing to shrink after the second quarter; in automobiles, with the macro level recovering after the second quarter.
Local car consumption policies have landed, factors such as the release of pre-depressed demand for vehicles, the gradual recovery of automobile production, and the prospect of a new growth cycle for the automobile industry in the future. Figure 24: Slow growth in domestic demand for titanium powder in recent years
Figure 23: Construction and automobiles as major downstream paints Figure 25: Housing sector demand recovery Chart 26: Automotive sector is expected to usher in a new growth cycle
titanium: up-scaling cycle, continued tight supply 3.1 Global titanium capital expenditure is reduced, and supply of titanium is expected to continue to be tight
Titanite, acid soluble titanium slag, and titanite/blue titanite for chlorination, gold rubles, chlorinated slags, man-made molds. titanium is more than half the cost of titanium powder, and titanium prices have a significant impact on titanium powder prices. According to the United States Geological Survey, the global titanium resource reserves in 2018 were about 940 million tons, of which titanium is the largest.
With 880 million tons of mineral resources and 62 million tons of mangrove resources, the industrial sector is currently able to use, inter alia, titanium ore, less than one tenth of the gold ore, but the global level of gold ore is much higher than that of the more than 30 countries that have discovered titanium ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore.
China (230 million tons), Australia (250 million tons), India (85 million tons), South Africa (63 million tons), Brazil (43 million tons) and Sierra Leone (4.9 million tons). The resources of titanium mines are concentrated in countries such as China, Australia, India, South Africa and Brazil.
More than half, followed by Kenya, South Africa, and India, which together account for about 90 per cent of the world ' s total reserves of diamonds. Figure 29: Global titanium deposits are distributed mainly in Australia, China, and India.
Figure 30: The United States has more than half of the world's diamonds, and the top 10 suppliers of titanium are responsible for about 79 per cent of the world's total supply, while the top six monopolize over 60 per cent of the market share, including Riotinto, Iluka and Teno.
(tronox) controls the supply of major titanium resources and raw materials in Canada, Australia, and South Africa respectively. At present, China, although it has a large number of small and medium-sized titanium raw material producers, does not have the top 10 companies in the world and does not have the production and quality to meet domestic downstream demand for titanium raw materials, and it still needs to do so every year.
Domestic resource endowments have no new mining rights, and titanium reserves cannot meet domestic demand. Our titanium-type resources account for 97.34% of the country’s total, and the titanium-type titanium resources are significantly different.
China’s titanium resources, despite their large reserves and spread, are mostly of low titanium-bearing primary origin, accompanied by a large number of associated minerals, and our titanium resources, though numerous, are of poor quality, do not meet the needs of high-end areas or emerging fields, and are subject to the operation of the smelting process, subject to China’s titanium-based pure technology, and are integrated.
The utilization rate is very low, and there is a large gap with the developed countries. From the entire titanium industry chain, our titanium mines have long been “low-end titanium mines with greater supply than demand, high-end titanium mines dependent on imports”, 63.8% external dependence in 2019.
▪ The productive capacity of our titanium resources is seriously inadequate, with titanium mines without new mining rights starting in 2016, a mature right to prospecting that can be converted into mining rights for at least 5 to 10 years, and the probability that the right to prospecting can be effectively converted into mining rights is less than 1%.
92.578 million tonnes/year, compared with 14,698 million tonnes in 2019, using only 15.9 per cent of the country's design capacity, but if there is no new increase in mining rights in the coming years, the remaining capacity is preliminary to current production Figure 34: Imports and average prices of titanium ore and its concentrates in China
The high dependence on domestic titanium imports and the potential pressure on the supply of titanium from the international political and economic situation. The poor endowment of titanium resources, the low grade of titanium minerals, the high number of co-mingled minerals, coupled with limited smelting techniques, have led to the continued use of titanium resources in “low-end titanium over supply and demand, with high-end titanium mines dependent on imports.”
At present, 63.8% of our titanium products are dependent on the outside world, and the main importers of titanium are Viet Nam, India, and Australia, which import about 71% of our total imports. As a result of the current international political situation, countries like India and Australia are likely to impose restrictions on our imports of high-quality titanium concentrates.
Measures, while the world’s main developers of titanium resources are the United States, Canada, South Africa, Australia, and others, are putting potential pressure on our titanium resources supply. The recovery in downstream end demand is further straining titanium resources.
Low, low home acquisition rates, and US real estate entering the boom cycle are expected to remain strong over the next year, with demand for industrial chain products associated with real estate investment continuing to pull. As titanium powder goes below and paints and plastics are part of the post-real estate product, the housing industry will warm back up with titanium powder.
The demand for titanium powder and its raw materials supports the price of titanium powder. Similarly, as economic activity recovers further, so will domestic real estate and infrastructure recovery in the second half of the year, so will demand in the titanium industry, and it will further increase in the future to the highest quality overseas as domestic chlorination capacity increases.
The world’s major titanium producers have not been willing to spend much of their capital in recent years. Since titanium prices fell in 2012, the world’s titanium deposits have been supplied.
In 2013-2018, there was a significant reduction in capital spending by all counterparts, with almost no new orthopaedic supplies globally, some of which were in the process of reaching the end of mining, and a continued decline in the supply of high-grade titanium mines. In 2019, international titanium resources were significantly reduced, some projects were cut off and resources from the original mines were depleted, and titanium supply was tight in 2020.
As a result of repeated overseas epidemics, mainstream miners have reduced production, and several agencies have assessed that titanium impurities are increasing, that the concentration of the resource elements explored is decreasing, and that both lluka and kenmare are saying that titanium raw material costs are rising and supply will continue to decline in the future.
Figure 37: Capital spending on titanium taps is at a low level, and 3.2 continues to accelerate titanium acquisitions to guarantee a stable supply of its own raw materials.
In March 2017, the company signed a framework agreement with Riel for the purchase of titanium, with a total of about 480,000 tons expected to be purchased over the next three years; in May 2018, an agreement was signed with Titanium to secure the supply of titanium, according to which the company is expected to purchase titanium for the next five years.
Tons/algesics, giving priority to the company’s demand and easing the tension in the supply of raw materials.iv. Corporate chlorination devices have greater operational stability, enabling companies cut into medium- and high-end titanium powder.
4.1. As the technology for chlorination tends to increase, sulphuric acid is still in high demand at the lower end of the spectrum The production of titanium powder through such methods as sulphate, chlorination, hydrochloric acid, phosphate, nitrate, fluorine, melting of alkali metal compounds, etc., are currently able to achieve industrial scale production of sulphatic acid and chlorination
The two methods are: sulphate produces titanium powder, which is mainly made from sulphate or titanium slag and produces titanium fluids (sulphate or oxygen titanium); and chlorinated titanium is produced primarily from the gold red or titanium or iron ore, including the chlorination, oxygenization and reprocessing phases, with chlorination processes and oxidation processes being the key technical points at the global level.
The ratio of titanium chloride to titanium sulphate production capacity is about 6:4, the ratio of chlorination in developed countries in Europe and the United States is easy to obtain and the demand for sulphate in low-end areas is still strong. The sulphate process can be used in the production of titanium titanium powder, or in the production of titanite titanite powder, with titanite and sulphate as the main source.
The titanium powder is produced through acid solution, crystallization, waterwashing, washing, and burning, grinding, grading, drying, and filtration. 98% of the titanium mines in our country are dominated by titanium ore, which is used to prepare titanium powder for the law of sulphate, and the sulphate process has a unique advantage from the characteristics of our titanium mine, but during the operation, due to the original.
Material impurities are high and can only be produced intermittently, with long processes, low automation and a certain bottleneck in product collection rates; sulfuric acid is produced using a large amount of acid and creates a certain amount of air pollution during the acidification process, and each ton of titanium powder is produced with a by-product of 8 tons of high-acid wastewater and a large amount of weak acid.
Waste water, waste water treatment, and environmental burdens. Some companies have now withdrawn from the improved version of sulphuric acid, introduced acid soluble titanium slag as a feedstock for titanium concentrate, achieved recycling of waste acid concentrate, residual heat of sulfur, etc., and improved levels of production and environmental protection. At present, the lower end lines of paper, fibre optics, etc.
The production of titanium powder from sulphuric acid remains a strong demand. The production of titanium powder from the chlorinated method is an incentive project, and most of the foreign taps use the chlorination process.
Global chlorination currently accounts for about 60% of the production capacity, and has reached 70% in the advanced countries of Europe and the United States. In recent years, we have been pushing ahead with the titanium powder project, which has been increasing since the publication of the Directory of Guidance on Industrial Restructuring (2005 issue).
The main disadvantages of the titanium powder process, compared to chlorination, include the length of the process, which is dominated by intermittent operation, and the difficulty of achieving continuous production; the relatively poor quality of the titanium powder products of the sulphate approach; and sulphuric acid and water.
High consumption, waste and by-products, high environmental pollution and difficulties in achieving cleaner production. The main advantages of the sulphuric acid process compared to the chlorination process include the use of titanium or acid soluble titanium slags and sulfuric acid as feedstock, low price of raw materials, low cost of production and lower cost of chlorination; and technological maturity, simple equipment and easy line of production.
Reproduction: As hydrolysis, improved particle-level control of the burner segment and improved film technology, the reduction was weaker than the chlorination process in terms of shielding, yellow-resistant, but more expensive.
High purity, better product integration, higher product prices, and therefore higher use in certain areas (e.g. paper, fibre optics) and environmental stress, but higher use through recycling industries
Less waste, less environmental stress, but less difficult to treat with solid iron chloride, which is currently being treated in deep wells, which pose a significant environmental hazard to the main sources of energy, coal, natural gas, steam and hydropower consumption.
Relatively small consumption, mainly steam and hydropower, encourages chlorination and conditional restrictions on sulphuric acid in the context of national policies.
Since then, the policy has been adjusted to encourage single-line production of 30,000 tonnes/year and above, with the production of chlorinated titanium powder, which is based on a titanium-rich material of up to 90% of the titanium dioxide content (artificial carbide, natural carbide, high titanium sludge);
In the Business Base Plan, a change in the size of the Sulphur titanium powder industry of 50,000 tons and above is required, the production of installations of 30,000 tons and more per year of single-line production capacity, the design of installations that meet the technical requirements for cleaner production, and the construction of legal sulphate equipment, as well as the integrated use of waste acid and sub-iron, with a titanium recovery rate of ~83 per cent;
New titanium chloride plants of up to 60,000 tons size, single-line production capacity of 30,000 tons and above, encouraging new and expanded titanium chlorination projects to be built with large chlor-alkali devices, space-based sub-devices, titanium-dichlorination techniques to be advanced and sulphuric acid to be expected to remain in demand at the lower end of the spectrum
The process will co-exist in the future. Earlier in 1923, the process of production of titanium sulphate was developed, and by 1923 the world began to use sulphate technology to produce titanium powder, but more advanced processes of chlorination dominated by chlorine, as environmental regulations became more stringent and user requirements for product quality increased.
It is expected that the process of titanium powder production will continue to shift to chlorination in the future. Moreover, as sulphate can be used as a feedstock in low-grade titanium mines and can produce titanium powder, titanium sulphate, which can cover all areas of downstream application, which is not available under the chlorination method, currently in the European and American countries.
The demand for sharp titanium powder from sulphate remains high in the fibre optics, ceramics, cosmetics, etc., and the future of titanium powder from sulphate continues to have a wide range of applications and market demands that will coexist with the chlorination method titanium powder for a long time.
4.2 Chlorine Products Support Inc. cuts into the upper and middle ends, opens up incremental space and raises the profit center  Our titanium powder products are concentrated in the lower and middle ends, and the chlorinated product Support Inc. opens up the upper and upper end incremental space. The average price difference between our titanium powder imports and exports in recent years shows that our titanium powder imports and exports are on average.
This is mainly due to the large difference between the quality of titanium powder produced domestically and the quality of titanium powder imported from abroad, which is being exported mainly from the sulphate process, which is being replicated by domestic titanium powder production companies with a high degree of homogenization.
The large differences in the quality of titanium powder produced by sulphuric acid and chlorination have led to the export of titanium powder products from our countries, mainly in the lower and middle end areas, while long-term dependence on imports of high-quality titanium powder used in our top areas, such as high-level cars, high-iron trains, ocean containers, etc.
▪ We expect that future companies will have about 50% of the price of the indexed titanium powder to rise overseas. The company’s chlorine product will be able to move into the middle and upper end of the country after delivery and will continue to raise the company’s profit center. For foreign titanium powder prices, they will be $1817 per ton of domestic exports in October 2020, and titanium powder imports will be priced at a price of $1817 per ton per ton per ton in October 2020.
The price of the chlorinated titanium powder is expected to increase by about $900 per ton, with about 50 per cent.
- Tartan powder export price (US$/t) (left axis) - Tartan powder import price (US$/tonne) (left axis)
4.3 Foreign fluorinated titanium powder industry vs.: (1) Komumur  (formerly du Pont titanium technology) entered the titanium white industry in the 1930s.
Five titanium powder plants, all of which are chlorinated. The autonomous titanium feedstock production base of Cormew can cover about 10% of its own titanium feedstock demand, while the remaining raw materials are purchased mainly in Australia and Africa. To ensure stability of supply and prices of titanium, it has signed with titanium suppliers around the world.
In addition, Cormew usually buys multiple levels of titanium from different suppliers, avoiding constraints on demand due to the shortage of some mineral species. The largest competitive advantage is the average capacity of its plant, which averages about 260,000 tonnes/year.
Two times as many other chlorinated titanium plants; in addition, Cormew is the only titanium white producer in the world able to produce directly from the chlorinated titanium ore, and about 87 per cent of its titanium powder is produced using titanium ore containing 60 per cent titanium dioxide for titanium feedstock.
Teno is a multinational company involved in titanium mining, processing, and titanium powder pigment production. The main titanium powder production bases are in the United States, the Netherlands, and Australia, and titanium powder production uses the chlorination process.
At 1.3 million tonnes/year, more than the former titanium powder industry’s leader, Kommud. And Tenor is the second largest producer of titanium raw materials in the world, relying on his own titanium resources to produce the corresponding titanium-rich products, achieving 100% self-sufficiency of the chlorinated titanium-based powder, which is very good in terms of material stability and economics.
(3) Costa Costal, a short name for the Saudi Arabian National Titanium Dioxide Company Ltd., was acquired by Teno, which has completed the whole-industry chain layout from mining, titanium raw materials to titanium powder and other titanium products, and
In addition to the main titanium powder, products range from mining products, metal products, to various products that are self-used or marketed, and petrochemical products. Costcott has a capacity of 850,000 tons per year, and plants are located in Australia, Brazil, France, the United Kingdom, the United States, and China.
IFLA, Komecki, etc.; it also acquired Bemax, owns Australia's mines, and has a project to build new mines, which can last at least 50 years and produce high titanium slags at Yanbu base.
4.4 The barrier to chlorination is difficult to break, new production is less advanced than expected, and it is expected that new production will take place in the country. Although the technology for titanium powder for chlorination is advanced early, it is being pushed by factors such as the difficulty of producing technology, the introduction of high investment in technology and the long life of the test vehicle.
The main companies that are currently operating are the python python python, the Chinese industry, the Chinese industry, the Sichuan industry, the Sichuan family, and the steel industry. The Chinese industry (the former Jinzhou titanium industry): only the second and third have emerged since it was built in 1998 until 15 years later.
The Jinzhou titanium industry, which relies on technology introduced and developed in the 1990s, currently has a better-functioning chlorination production line, and has built up a new 60,000 tonnes/year production line based on the capacity of 60,000 tonnes/year chlorination.
Yunnan Xinjiang (procured by the dragon python): In the process of introducing the German titanium production process, the investment was huge, and it was not on time to achieve the required level of production. Yunnan Xinjiang invested more than 2 billion dollars in the process of introducing the German titanium production process, but in 2013 the company failed to test the car, which was developed and completed on its own.
This function is largely based on autonomous research and development, with some equipment and technology using Ukrainian and European technology.
Iron-climbing: 15,000 tonnes/year of normal production and 60,000 tonnes/year of capacity under construction. Tilong python culpation: 2 instalments of 200,000 tonnes/year of production line 1 were completed on the basis of the completion of the first phase of 100,000 tonnes/year of capacity, bringing the company ' s chlorination capacity to 300,000 tonnes/year and acquiring Yunnan.
With the new titanium industry, the total output is 360,000 tonnes/year. Nationally produced chlorination devices are still inadequate compared to advanced levels abroad.
There is a gap between the quality of the product and that of the foreign country, mainly in the particle size and crystal control of titanium powder. There is a gap in indicators such as whiteness, color dissipation, masking, etc.; third, in the manufacture of critical equipment, the quality of domestic manufacture is not comparable to that of imported equipment; and fourth, in the production of single-body equipment.
There is still a gap with abroad. Together with the significant difference between the chlorination process, which requires very high levels of production technology and equipment material, and the fact that most enterprises in the country do not meet this level of technology and that key technologies are difficult to introduce, the process of chlorination has not been widely replicated in the country.
▪ The main technical barriers to titanium chloride: (1) advanced chlorination technology abroad is monopolized. Dubon, Kost, and Tenor are the most advanced in the world, but their key core technology is never transferred to anyone, including China.
This possibility was eliminated in the period 2013-2014, following a technological property dispute between our companies and Dubon. The four chlorinated devices that have been built in the country today are operated in a technical advisory and self-indigestion formula, without a complete set of technological advances, making it inevitable that they will be difficult to operate.
In the 1980s-90s, we conducted inter-template experiments at Xiamen Electricization Plants and Tianjin Chemical Plants, respectively, without any further progress, through identification and acceptance, and two installations were removed.
Colleges of higher education have also developed chlorination techniques, but laboratory research has never been able to be validated on a large scale, leading to the unindustrialization of the autonomous chlorination methods so far.
The company works with titanium to slow down the diffusion of chlorination technology. The company works with titanium, the company provides titanium production technology and advisory services, and possesses and possesses technology and services related to the design, construction, operation and later stages of the titanium chloride production line.
The contract period is five years, exclusive, and no third party in mainland China, other than the company, is allowed to transfer the chlorinated titanium white technology or participate in the chlorinated titanium white project in any direct or indirect way during the contract period to slow the diffusion of the chlorinated technology.
The only company in the country with large-scale boiling chlorination technology, the first phase of chlorination, continued to increase. The only company in the country with 100,000 tonnes/year of large-scale boiling chlorination technology had an absolute preponderance over domestic rivals.
(Explosion is expected to rise to 100,000 tonnes/year in 2021) and the new chlorination production line in Yunnan is a technology that introduced German titanium, which, after 5-6 years of operation and absorption of technology, is now largely in the company’s hands. Based on the completion of one phase of production, the company has 200,000 tonnes/chlorine.
In May 2019 and November 2019, respectively, two production lines became operational in phase II, with an average performance rate of over 60 per cent and a maximum performance rate of 80 per cent for the first two production lines. The conversion period for chlorinated production lines is generally two years, and the company ' s chlorination phase II project is expected to be fully operational in 2021, with sufficient supplies of raw materials.
The company ' s chlorination capacity reached 300,000 tonnes/year, with a total capacity of 360,000 tonnes/year after the acquisition of the Yunnan titanium industry. In addition, the company ' s 200,000 tonnes/year chlorination capacity is expected to be operational in 2022, and the company ' s 560,000 tonnes/year of titanium chloride production is expected to accelerate progress to high-end areas by 2022.
The announcement of an investment of $1.51 billion in the construction of an innovative project to build 500,000 tons of titanium climbing ore for the conversion of chlorinated titanium slags, with an annual production of 300,000 tons of titanium chloride base material, 200,000 tons of high-quality iron, and the stabilization of the national production and supply of raw materials for the chlorinated titanium powder and high-end titanium alloy projects, with a construction cycle of 2 years, projected for 2021
Production; company-owned innovation to build a green manufacturing project of 300,000 tonnes of thiomeric titanium-coated titanium materials per year, based on Totogio, with both sulphuric acid and chlorination production lines, using the sulfate-based waste acid and the imported titanium gold mine combined with synthetic gold redstone, significantly reducing the tri-sulfuric acid emissions while reducing the pressure on the production costs of chlorination.
5.1 has a stronger cost advantage than a domestic titanium powder company, which is located in four national titanium powder companies, namely, the Python Pelican Pelican, the China-Chemite White, the Anada and the Kimpo Tartar Industries.
The Māori rate for titanium powder operations has continued to outpace in recent years. In 2019, the company's single ton of titanium powder gross profit amounted to $6032 per ton, well above the average of 4 companies in 2019 in the Tetraazine, China Nuclear tonic, Anada and Kimpo titanium industries: Māori, $3056 per ton, about $2,000 per ton higher than the Chinese ton of titanium tones, and about $4,000 more than any other company in 2019.
Tons; in addition to having a cost advantage, the unit price of the company ' s products is about $800/ton higher than the median titanium, about $2,000/ton higher than that of other companies.
At the same time, we've been able to increase the power of raw materials and technical barriers.
In terms of sulphate titanium powder raw materials, it is assumed that the company will save 1,000 yuan per ton on the company ' s sulphate powder single ton. Since 2016, the company has acquired 600,000 tons/year titanium concentrate.
With 800,000 tonnes/year titanium mineral capacity, the company will be able to meet the demand for titanium powder from the sulphate base and the sulphate base of Xiangyang, and the site of the plant will be located in the titanium concentrate area, saving transportation costs. In addition to its own raw materials, the company will sign an agreement with Rillium and Titanium Valium to secure the supply of titanium and reduce the flow of the material.
▪ By reference to the one-ton profits of titanium concentrate from steel-coated titanium, we assume that the company would have a single ton of titanium concentrate from the mine, $430 per ton from the sum of 2.3 per cent from the titanium powder from the sulphate, and that the company would have saved 1,000 yuan per ton from buying the mine from the company for the single ton of titanium powder.
The company has invested in the construction of 500,000 tonnes/year of titanium climbing to convert to chlorinated titanium slag innovation project, 300,000 tonnes/year of annual production of titanium chloride base material and 200,000 tonnes/year of high-quality iron.
In 2021, production will stabilize the national production and supply of raw materials from the chlorinated titanium powder and high-end titanium alloys projects. The company will create an innovative project for the manufacture of 300,000 tons/year-old titanium sulfide-coated titanium materials, based on Totogio, with both sulphuric acid and chlorination production lines, using the sulfate-based waste acid combined with imported titanium mines.
Synthetic sulfurates, which produce couplings to form closed rings for the recycling of substances and energy, provide low-cost high-grade raw materials for chlorination, while large quantities of waste acid are fully used, significantly reducing solid discharges; and chlorine-containing wastewater from the chlorination process is treated in an integrated manner to achieve chlorinated ion. ]
Recycled. The intensive use of raw materials and process by-product vapour by both processes is a key advantage in reducing production costs. At the same time, the effective implementation of the technology has led to a significant reduction in the use of graphite mud, a reduction of approximately 75% in cod, a reduction of 70% in titanium gypsum emissions and a reduction in drainage by 40-50%.
The cost of titanium powder production, while reducing the pressure on the production costs of chlorination, and the waste of sulphate, the company has already produced more than 80 per cent of the titanium-based titanium-platinum-based titanium-based titanium-based sulfate, and the production costs of chlorinated titanium-based powder production can be significantly reduced by the material package, which we expect is currently the company's titanium chloride-based titanium production.
The cost of the powder is around $110,000 per ton, and the company ' s chlorinated titanium powder will be reduced to less than $9,500 per ton in the future, resulting in cost savings of more than $1,500 per ton.
Compared to the company and the four domestic titanium powder companies in China and China, Anada and Kimpo, it is clear that the cost levels of titanium powder are consistent with those of scale. Corporate size advantages can help companies reduce the costs of raw materials, logistics, energy, etc.
With a total investment of 1.1 billion yuan in the chlorination phase, a total investment of 1.8 billion yuan in the 200,000 tonnes/year chlorination phase II project, the level of depreciation of one ton has declined significantly and the cost savings in the advantage of scale are evident. Companies pursue the concept of scalability and continue to scale up their capacity, undertake acquisitions and extend the whole industry chain during the bottom of the climate, and
And corporate cash flows are good, asset-liability rates are low, and there will continue to be incentives for scaling up in the future. 5.4 Companies’ industrial resources are integrated horizontally and vertically, increasing the cost advantages of the industrial chain continuously – the company’s forward-looking, integrated industrial chain, and the merger is integrated horizontally and vertically.
The company has two full-stream production processes of titanium powder from titanium mining, concentrate processing, titanium slag smelting, sulphate and chlorination, and a chain of production of titanium from the sponge process. Upstream, the company has its own titanium mineral capacity of 800,000 tons/year, and signed agreements with Rillium and Valium titanium to secure the supply of titanium; and invested $1.51 billion.
Construction of an innovative construction project for the conversion of titanium chloride from a 500,000-ton rise in titanium titanium to an annual production of titanium chloride, with 300,000 tons of slag base material and 200,000 tons of high-quality iron, which will stabilize the national production and supply of the originals of the titanium chloride powder and high-end titanium alloy projects. On downstream, $1.98 billion was invested in the construction of 30,000 tons of annual high-end titanium titanium amalgam.
The Golden New Materials project, which develops high-end titanium alloys, in addition to the company’s ongoing technological optimization of industrial chain processes, further reducing costs. The company’s first innovation developed the key technology for green coupling of the sulphuric acid-chlorinated industrial chain, which not only provides sufficient raw material for chlorination.
It also resolved the problems of titanium sulphate treatment and gypsum storage; successfully developed a very poor and complex polymetallic co-moulding technology, accompanied by an efficient integrated use of the thorium-magnetium mine, which led to the upgrading of the off-the-shelf resources from non-utilization to a valuable resource that could be exploited; it was a major industrial technological development of the country and advanced the country.
It is important to achieve resource conservation and sustainable development in the development industry of the West Magnetite Mine; intensive use of in-depth membrane treatment techniques, exploration of re-use routes for waste by-products, etc., has resulted in resource cycle integration, utilization and super-net emissions, reducing costs from the industrial chain dimensions.
VI. Profit predictions and investment proposals  We believe that the main growth in the future performance of companies is in products such as chlorination energy release, titanium powder landscape, continuous efficiency gains from corporate industrial chain integration, and titanium titanium layout.
(1) Prices of titanium powder sulphate: The titanium powder industry is expected to continue following 2021, with an average price of 14,000 yuan per ton, 16,000 yuan per ton and 16,000 yuan per ton of titanium powder sulphate in 2020-2022, respectively. (2) Prices of titanium powder chloride: watch the titanium powders for chlorination, and the chlorine product should have an upscaling.
The average price of titanium powder is expected to be slightly lower in 2020-2022 than in other bases, mainly due to increased market penetration through the introduction of new products. (3) Progress on the release of the focal chlorination project at HQ: the capacity of the 60,000 tonnes/year chlorination project continues to increase.
In 2020-2022, sales are expected to be 70,000 tons, 80,000 tons and 100,000 tons, respectively; the second phase of the 200,000 tonnes/year chlorination project was substantially completed in the second quarter of 2019, and it is expected to enter the debugging phase, with chlorination projected for 2020, and our reference to titanium, chemoursco, tronox, kronos
Global values, with an average value of 16.10 times that of a company in 2021, and we value the corporate dollar, giving an “enhanced” rating.1 Continued increase in chlorination capacity risks overcapacity in the industry
Although our technology for titanium chloride has advanced at an early stage, it has been slower than expected because of the technical difficulties of production, the introduction of technology investment, the long life of the test vehicle, and we believe that the addition of chlorination in the short term is mainly concentrated in arcium celebration, but if a breakthrough in the technology for titanium chloride in the country has led to a domestic release, it will be possible to increase the number of cases in which it has been produced.
The risk of a fall in the price of titanium powder products due to overcapacity in the chlorinated titanium industry2 and the risk that the company ' s titanium powder technology will release the project at a slower rate than expected.
The Division ' s future capacity to release major increases in production capacity and the company ' s ability to operate steadily on a one-time basis, but if the company ' s chlorination device does not operate in an unstable manner, it may result in lower than expected production of titanium powder for chlorination, the real estate industry and the automobile industry.
The downside demand for titanium powder is highly correlated with real estate and the automobile industry, and we expect the real estate and automobile industry to get warmer, and if the real estate and car industry go down, it could create less than expected demand for titanium powder and the risk of lower prices and less than expected sales of corporate titanium powder products.
The risk of falling titanium landscapes due to domestic resource constraints and the lack of new mining rights, the inability of the titanium resource productive reserves to meet domestic needs, and the weakening of global capital spending on titanium mines in recent years and the better demand for titanium powder and sponge titanium downstream of titanium mines.
We expect that titanium supply will continue to be tight. If titanium is added, it will cause the titanium industry to go down, thereby creating a risk of the titanium industry going down.
Analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market shows that: score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment