We're doing a full-cover cost estimate of the production capacity of domestic titanium powder sulphate, and we're doing a national sulphate.
The power-cost curve in the titanium industry. The energy-cost curve is the “gold key” analysed by the industry, which evolves according to factors such as the price of raw materials, energy prices, changes in the capacity of production.
The titanium powder industry is one of the few non-marketable products of China’s chemical industry, with a high level of irreversible environmental protection.
There is no or small increase in production capacity. The titanium industry can divide the energy cost curves, and the company's price compared to the depth of 300 is three steps: the first step is a low-cost production capacity, represented by a python, with a full concentration of costs.
(a) At 85 million to 10,000 ton, with the highest level of excess yield space of about 900,000 tonnes/year compared to other capacity; the full cost of the second ladder is concentrated in 11,500 to 13,000 ton, with capacity of about 2.3 million tonnes/year, which is the subject of domestic titanium powder sulphate;
The full cost of the three steps is in the range of $14,000-16,000 per ton, which is the product of domestic titanium powder sulphate, with marginal capacity of about 600,000 tonnes per year.
Low grade titanium mines, low single-ton investments, optimized energy structure, low single consumption levels, high by-products, high value utilization are the five main factors that determine the full cost of titanium powder sulphate and contribute to the cost advantage, not to $1240, 1000, 740, 444, 260 tons.
But the influences are mixed; the geographical advantage of proximity to the original feeder site does not have a decisive impact on the full cost. The cost advantage of the python is hard to shake, and it is not afraid to add capacity.
The core advantages of the python acrylic are extremely difficult to replicate, and the excess profitability of the company’s sulphate titanium powder is difficult to overtake. The domestic sulphate titanium powder is severely restricted by environmental policy, and small output is no longer available. Some of the new production costs are higher than the sulphatic titanium powder in the country.
The lowest-cost perpendicular gains remain unchanged and are expected to rise again. The future of titanium sulphate is one of the reports in the series: Towards global titanium production.
The powder will continue to provide a steady cash flow to the company and will continue to support the company ' s efforts to spread land on the industrial chain growth project 2020.07.22, the titanium champions of chlorination, sponge titanium, etc.
We measure the company's security profits by a single safe profit of $4,300 per tonne of python. In 2019, the three bases of python python, on average, were fully formed at about $8,600 per ton, resulting in an excess gain of about $4,200 per ton; the year 2020 is projected to be 2020.
In 2021, the co-production of titanium sulphate will increase, resulting in a reduction in the cost of 100 yuan per ton and an excess gain of 4300 yuan per ton, respectively. The production of titanium powder in 2019-2021 will be 555,000 tons, 582,000 tons and 600,000 tons, respectively.
U.S. property cycle recovery is less than expected, the international situation affects companies’ exports of products and imports of raw materials, the ability to upgrade chlorated titanium powder is less advanced than expected, and the risk of the proliferation of chlorinated titanium powder technology is high.
The titanium titanium project is not as fast as expected. 1 sulphate titanium powder, one of the few products in China's chemical industry that is not fully marketed, is in irreversible environmental stress.
The next increase in production capacity is either non-existent or marginal. We do full-scale cost measurements of domestic sulphate titanium powder production, and we draw an energy cost curve for the domestic titanium sulphate industry. The energy cost curve is the “gold key” for industry analysis, which changes with the price of raw materials, energy prices, and changes in production capacity.
The production of such a database, which we have spent so much time producing, has helped to deconstruct the cost advantages of the python, has helped to sort out the effects of the change in production capacity, has helped to prejudge the drivers of price change, and so on. The titanium industry has a steep, stable production cost curve, and can be divided into three steps: the first step is with the python.
Barri represents low-cost capacity, with a full cost concentration of 85 million to 10,000 yuan per tonne, and is in an advantage relative to other capacity, with the highest excess yield space of about 900,000 tonnes/year; and the second step, with a full cost concentration of 11,500 to 13,000 yuan/ton, with a capacity size of about 2.3 million tonnes/year, is the domestic sulphate method.
The main body of titanium powder: The full cost of the third staircase is concentrated in $14,000-16,000 per tonne, which is part of domestic titanium sulphate, and the marginal cost capacity of the powder, which is about 600,000 tonnes/year.
titanium powder is one of the few products of China’s chemical industry that is not fully marketed, with no or marginal increase in new production capacity under irreversible environmental pressures. Our sulphate titanium powder industry began at the beginning of the twenty-first century and began to grow rapidly after breaking the technological blockade abroad.
High prices led to a massive influx of capital, which led to a disorderly and rapid expansion of productive capacity. Small energy with high energy consumption and pollution grew rapidly during this period, with a substantial increase in supply and homogenous competition between firms leading to a fall in the price of titanium powder. From 2015, the country began to increase environmental surveillance and introduced a series of restrictions on high energy consumption and pollution.
As a result of the policy measures for dye production, a large number of small titanium powder production companies have been shut down, and the tightening of supply has led to the addition of new capacity data in the titanium industry, according to the CEP, with a significant increase in the capacity of the country ' s titanium sulphate-scale powder in 2010. This is mainly due to the environmental inspector of the titanium powder industry until 2015.
In 2015, the country’s environmental policy was tightened, its mini-capacity was shut down due to environmental failure, and the build-up of capacity above scale was limited, and overall sulphate titanium powder production declined.
From 2016 to the present, small-scale titanium sulphate production has been strictly banned, and chemical capacity-building has been maintained at a low rate. The new generation of large-scale sulphate production in our country has passed, the industry as a whole has entered a capital contraction cycle, and the overall competitive pattern of existing capacity will remain positive.
1.2 The marginal production capacity is high and is a titanium price beacon, and we conduct a full-cover cost calculation of the domestic sulphate-like titanium powder production capacity, drawing an energy-cost curve in the domestic sulphate-tritanium industry. The energy cost curve is the “gold key” analysed by the industry, with the price of the raw material.
We're going to have to make such a database that helps to deconstruct the cost advantages of the python, to analyse the impact of the change in production capacity, to predetermine the drivers of price change, and so on.
Based on this curve, the cost distribution of domestic titanium sulphate production capacity can be divided into three steps: the first step is a low-cost production capacity represented by a python acrylic, which is concentrated at a full cost of $85 million-10,000 per ton, with the highest yield space, with a capacity of about 900,000 tons per ton compared to other capacity.
Year; full cost of the second ladder is in the range of $11,500 to $13,000 per ton; capacity is in the order of 2.3 million tonnes/year; total cost of the third ladder is in the range of 14,000 to 16 thousand yuan/ton; cost marginal output of the domestic titanium sulphate is in the range of 600,000 tonnes/year.
The sulphate process allows for the production of both sharp titanium and gold titanium powder, which vary in performance indicators, application areas, and cost.
In addition to the sharp titanium-type gold-carbide crystals, the reprocessing package process has been expanded to provide better tolerance, masking, and high-end titanium powder. The titanium powder is mainly used in areas where there are high-predictability requirements, such as paints, and it occupies most of the market space for titanium powder consumption.
The powder process is relatively simple, there is no consumption of raw materials such as a film agent, and some of the grinding, washing, and drying processes have a certain cost advantage. The titanium powder has only a small number of applications in catalysts and low-end areas.
In terms of cost composition, the cost of titanium concentrate for the titanium titanium powder is essentially the same as the titanium, the main difference being in the water, electricity, and film-packing agent. Currently, large-scale titanium powder production bases in the country are dominated by high-end titanium titanium powder products, while retaining a small amount of titanium titanium used for catalysts.
The overall size and market share of titanium powder is much smaller than that of titanium powder. While the use of titanium powder cannot be entirely replaced, it can be replaced by titanium powder, which is more than by reprocessing. We therefore believe that it is produced separately by titanium titanium powder.
As a follow-up to this, we only analyse titanium powder. According to the Hoshikawa Mobil data, since 2017, the domestic rate of production of titanium powder sulphate has been maintained at a higher level of water, with an average rate of about 80%.
As the marginal output of domestic titanium sulphate. Cash costs of marginal capacity can be used as a benchmark for the price of the product.
The first cycle, in 2014 - 2015, saw the end of the expansion of domestic sulphate titanium powder production, with an unusually competitive industry, where the price of titanium powder was generally low, and the second cycle, in 2016 - 2018, was centred around the cash cost of marginal capacity, with strict environmental policies and firm enforcement.
The supply shortage has caused titanium powder prices to leapfrog the marginal energy cash cost line and converge with the full cost line. At the same time, the price of upfront titanium concentrates has risen, titanium powders have led to price increases, and the price of titanium powder in mid-2017 has gone further beyond the marginal capacity full cost line, spurring the titanium powder industry as a whole.
In 2017-2019, the greater profitability of the industry as a whole led to the gradual expansion of the technology of large titanium powder producers (small production capacity remains severely restricted), a slow decline in the price of titanium powder as a result of improved supply, and another touch on the marginal capacity cash cost line at the end of 2019.
In the third round, until the end of 2019, overall prices have been underpinned by the marginal cash cost of production capacity, which is largely the same trend. In the first half of 2020, domestic demand for titanium powder was severely suppressed, and the price of titanium powder fell down all the way to $11,000 per ton. In the second half of 2020, the overseas epidemic intensified, affecting the overseas titanium powder industry.
The rate of start-up has led to supply shortages, while titanium prices have risen significantly as a result of tight supply, and titanium powder prices have begun to rebound. But the price of titanium powder is still on the edge of marginal capacity cash costs, with one or two cost advantages, and five elements are essential.
The cost structure of the domestic titanium sulphate powder has been dismantled in detail: using low grade titanium mines, low single consumption levels, high value utilization of by-products, electricity/coal/natural gas structure optimization, low single-ton investment is the five main elements that determine the full cost of the titanium powder sulphate.
The impact factor is a combination; and the geographical advantage of proximity to the original feed site does not determine the full cost. According to HFA, the use of high titanium slag results in an average single consumption of sulphuric acid from 3.5 to 2.81 tons, while the average cost of sulphuric acid is reduced from 839 to 659 tons, while the cost of titanium concentrate/high titanium slag is also driven by the cost of titanium ore.
The total cost of titanium ore/high titanium slag + sulphate rose from $4352 to $5592 per ton, raising the total cost by $1.240. The average single consumption of the country ' s remaining capacity, except for the acryllium, was 2.54 tons, and the acryllium formed a single consumption advantage of 0.37 tons, based on 1,200 tons of titanium ore in 2019.
The cost advantage of single consumption, calculated at average prices, is about 444 yuan/tonne. The high value of by-products uses the cost of net raw material of 2.1 dollars: low grade titanium, low single consumption, and by-product utilization, with a decreasing impact of 1240, 444, 260 yen/t, respectively.
The full cost of titanium powder sulphate is derived from the cost of raw materials (including major raw materials such as titanium concentrate, titanium slag, sulphuric acid and secondary raw materials such as sodium hydroxide, sodium alumina), public engineering costs (energy resources such as water, electricity, gas, coal), fixed costs (depreciation, salaries, maintenance costs) and three costs (sales, R & D)
The cost of a single ton of titanium powder is distributed among the four components. The cost of raw materials amounts to 52% of the total cost of the titanium powder sulphate, which is the main component of the full cost of the titanium powder sulphate.
At present, there are three main raw material structures in the country: first, titanium sulphate, with 46-47 per cent of the grade, is used as the main source, such as the pyrophoric sun and the focal base: second, with 50-51 per cent of the grade of titanium concentrate, and third, with 46 per cent of the grade titanium, with 70-80 per cent of the grade of high titanium slag, for example.
Chart 10, Key Device Feeds Statistics The use of high titanium slags containing higher titanium dioxide levels can reduce the use of sulphate and reduce the output of slags and by-products, but the price of high titanium slags is higher than the average titanium concentrate.
The average single consumption of sulphuric acid was reduced from 3.5 to 2.81 tons, while the average cost of sulphuric acid was reduced from 839 to 659 tons, while the cost of titanium concentrate/high titanium slag was increased from $3513 to $4933, while the total cost of titanium concentrate/high titanium slag + sulphuric acid was increased from 4352 to $5592 tons, raising the overall cost by $1240.
The use of lower grade titanium concentrates can also reduce the cost of raw materials. We measure the production capacity of different grade titanium concentrates, where 50% of titanium concentrates are equivalent to 46% of titanium mineral energy, but the cost of titanium concentrates is about $312/ton higher, and titanium concentrate + sulphuric acid is about 374/ton higher.
Figure 12 uses impact analysis for different grade titanium concentrates where titanium powder is essentially a highly pure crystal material of 97-98 per cent titanium dioxide, based on 46 per cent titanium concentrate, which is theoretically consumed at 2.13 tons, taking into account the loss of production processes, and where actual titanium concentrate is consumed at a higher rate than the actual single.
The theory is monolithic. We have converted the titanium material (converted to 46% of the titanium concentrate) from the domestic sulphate-based titanium powder, and found that, due to differences in technology levels, different devices consumed between 2.17 and 4.28 tons.ka, because of its capacity to produce 1.11 tons of titanium by-products, consumes 4.28 tons of titanium concentrate.
Excluding it, the single consumption difference in domestic titanium sulphate powder is 1.36 tons. The high and low level of titanium concentrate alone is a direct extraction of technology, which also affects the cost of raw materials to a large extent.
Ping, showing its high technical skill levels. K company, using unique technological processes, produces titanium powder and produces 1.11 tons of titanium by-products, and thus consumes 4.28 tons per unit. The country ' s average single energy consumption, except for a dragon arcium, is 2.54 tons, with a single consumption advantage of 0.37 tons.
Based on the average price of titanium concentrate in 2019, the cost advantage of single consumption is about $444 per graph 13 primary device, the production of titanium powder is the process of removing impurities from titanium concentrate and purifying titanium dioxide.
The high-value use of by-products is an important factor in reducing the cost of a combination of raw materials. The epoch data show that the main domestic product of titanium powder production of sulphate is sulphate and condensed sulphate.
Iron sulphate is dominated, and a small part of the production capacity will produce titanium dioxide at the same time, containing 70-80% titanium, either as a feedstock for chlorinated titanium powder or as a direct export product.
The value is much higher than the remaining capacity: the main by-products of the python acryllium are worth about $560 per ton, and they are at the domestic level. The average value of the by-products other than k companies and python acrylic is $300 per ton, and the cost difference in the by-product utilization level would be about $260 per ton if the perpendium acryll were used as a benchmark.
Data on the contribution of raw material grade, single consumption, by-product value to cost are taken into account: whether to maximize the impact of high titanium slag on net material, with a cost difference of about $1.240/t; and whether to use lower grade titanium concentrates with a cost impact of $374/t in the capacity to use only titanium concentrate as feedstock;
In the case of single consumption differentials and by-product utilization, the yield effect is 444 and 260 tonnes, respectively, compared to other domestic production capacity, using the pern/t/t. Net feedstock costs of the main devices are derived from titanium grade, single consumption of titanium concentrate/high titanium slag, and by-product value information.
The use of low-grade titanium concentrates, reduced single consumption, and the high-value use of by-products are the main ways to reduce the cost of the net source.
The technological advantage of domestic leadership lies in the core strength of the company.
2.2 Fixed cost: The cost difference in the intensity of the investment amounts to $1,000/t The fixed cost of titanium sulphate is comprised of depreciation costs, maintenance costs, labour costs, which account for 43%, 23%, and 33% of the fixed cost, respectively.
The average fixed cost structure of the domestic titanium powder sulphate, calculated by the epoxy data, is the lowest in the country.
The fixed cost of ricium is lower than the average of other domestic capacity of about 630 yuan per tonne, compared with the marginal capacity of the latter 20 per cent, with a fixed cost advantage of about 1,000 yuan per tonne for a python pyrophoric.
There are significant differences between the single tons of investment in the domestic titanium powder industry, with a single ton of investment in the python pyroclastic and Xiangyang base technologies, at $4,500 per ton and $3053 per ton, respectively, at the lowest level in the country, while the remaining titanium powder producers have a single ton of investment in 5333 per ton and 2577 per ton.
2.3 Public works: The energy structure is second only to titanium mineral taste and investment, with institutional optimization having a cost advantage of $740/t. Public engineering costs include electricity as energy, coal, gas and water consumption costs.
According to data, the cost of electricity/coal/gas energy was highest in the cost structure of public works, at 91 per cent, with the greatest impact on public works; the cost of water was 9 per cent, which represented a relatively small output gap.
Based on the CEP data, public engineering costs for the national sulphate titanium powder production capacity ranged from $1,000 to $2,200 per ton (ae companies have higher overall public engineering costs due to coal consumption of up to 3.5 tons per unit). Energy cost differentials from electricity/coal/natural gas are the main reason for the difference in public costs.
Although the cost of gas is low, the cost of electricity is much higher than that of the rest of the production capacity, which increases the cost of public works as a whole. We believe that power, gas, and coal-based energy structures in public works need to be optimized as a whole in order to substantially reduce the total cost of public works.
According to data disclosed in the CEP report, there are significant differences in the energy structure of the domestic titanium powder sulphate, which is stored in five major energy components: gas as the main source of energy; electricity-based energy structure supported by power coal; electricity-to-gas energy structure; coal-based and natural gas-based energy structure; and integrated use.
Energy structure of electricity, coal, natural gas. In terms of single energy consumption, the power of titanium powder production using electricity varies less from one to the other, concentrated in 865-125 kWh alone; coal consumption varies considerably, with ab spending only 0.4 tons per unit, while ae consumes only.
It reached 3.5 tons; gas consumption was also very different, with the amount of gas consumed by single tons of titanium powder distributed from 75 to 744 cubic metres. Different energy options have a greater impact on the cost of public works as a whole.
In titanium powder production, the use of electricity + coal as the main energy structure has the lowest public utility cost. Compared to the energy structure of electricity + coal, the energy cost of using natural gas as a source of energy is about $450 per ton, while electricity + natural gas is about $740 per ton. A cost comparison between different energy structures shows that a combination of electricity + coal will be visible.
The cost of public utility works is reduced. 2.4 scale distribution: significant advantages in the cost of chemical energy on a scale. The production of titanium sulphate has a significant scale effect.
A single ton fixed cost of low titanium powder, on the one hand, and an integrated advantage of environmental facilities, raw feed packages, and by-products combined, on the other hand, will also help to further reduce the combined cost of production capacity. According to the CE data, the average full cost of titanium powder production of 150,000 tons/year and above is approximately $10830/ton, compared to 50,000 tonnes/year.
The following small-scale production firms have created a cost advantage of approximately $2221 per tonne. Powder production firms, with significant technical and integration advantages, are able to use lower grade titanium mines, while technological advantages will significantly reduce the consumption of titanium concentrate sheets, resulting in lower overall net material costs.
Statistically, the net feedstock cost advantage of 150,000 tonnes/year and above relative to 11-15 million tonnes/year is approximately 1,200 tonnes/ton: the net feedstock cost advantage relative to 100,000 tonnes/year and below. We believe that the scalability effect is a significant cost advantage, mainly through a significant reduction in the cost of net raw materials.
Figure 25 Trends in the average cost of different production sizes for domestic titanium sulphate.
The expansion of small enterprises will be further limited.
The country’s titanium sulphate production capacity is unevenly distributed geographically, and there are different resource endowments in the provinces. According to our statistics, Sichuan Province attracted a large number of small- and medium-scale production from low public utility engineering costs and titanium resources, forming the country’s first-largest capacity during the 2010-2014 boom in titanium construction.
In recent years, Shandong and Guangxi provinces have followed a series of sulphatic titanium powder expansion projects, while the average cost for the two provinces is high, and we believe that the added capacity in the two provinces does not have a full cost advantage, is a high cost expansion and is not expected to have a substantial impact on other geographical titanium sulphate production.
We measured the average cost of production in the regions by geographical distribution of titanium sulphate, and drew an energy cost curve based on geographical distribution. The three provinces of Sichuan, Shandong and Guangxi have the country ' s largest titanium production enterprises, with three properties with a capacity of 83, 775, and 470,000 tonnes per year, with a national share of 56%.
In Guangxi, Shandong, the average cost of sulphate titanium powder is highest, and in Sichuan the average cost is in the middle of the region. In Henan, Hubei, Zhejiang, the average cost of sulphate titanium powder is lower.
Prices attract large amounts of small- and medium-sized titanium sulphate. The Shandong region is not close to titanium, but it has a strong chemical material support capacity, which also creates a larger volume of titanium sulphate.
In Shandong, Sichuan, and Guangxi provinces, the titanium sulphate industry is growing faster, with the total capacity at the top of the country, but the three provinces have largely attracted a significant amount of small-scale production, resulting in lower concentration.
The North and Zhejiang provinces are dominated by large sulphate titanium powder enterprises, and the advantage of being close to the site of consumption has led to a rapid concentration of market shares to the head, reaching 100% of cr3. We split the full cost structure of the different provinces.
The level of technology (which affects the single consumption of raw materials and choice of grade) determines that larger-scale production typically has greater technological power and can lower the cost of net raw materials. The provinces of Henan, Hubei, Zhejiang and Zhejiang have a higher concentration of productive capacity and a relatively large enterprise capacity, which has a greater advantage in the cost of net raw materials.
Engineering costs are lower, but industrial structures dominated by small-yielding energy lead to higher average net feedstock costs, which push them up. We believe that the cost of titanium powder sulphate is more affected by the cost of net feedstock, while the taste and single consumption of titanium concentrate and high value utilization of by-products are the core factors influencing the cost of net material.
The sulphate-scale titanium powder production industry can better control the cost of raw materials, thereby reducing the full yield of titanium powder. In comparison with the full cost in each province, the cost advantage of public works in the provinces of Sichuan and Shandong, which have lower water and electricity prices and are close to the raw materials, does not offset the net result of technological differences.
Figure 30 illustrates the geographical location of the country where titanium sulphate is produced as an energy source, public works, fixed-cost comparisons 3 dragons are far ahead of the cost of americ acrylic acrylic acrylic use, and the low cost of a single ton of investment constructs the corporate titanium sulphate as a moat.
The company's limited titanium acrylic accelerator capacity has further expanded its lead. The core strength of the python python is extremely difficult to replicate, and the excess profitability of the company's sulphate titanium powder is difficult to overtake. The future of the sulphate titanium powder will continue to provide a steady cash flow to the company and will continue to support the company in the chain of titanium industries such as chlorination law, sponge titanium, etc.
Some of the new production costs are higher than the pern and are located in the middle of the country’s titanium production cost curve.
Expanding behavior does not change the steep titanium powder energy cost curve. The yield of the lowest-cost python is constant, and it is expected to rise again.
About 8,600 yuan per ton is expected to yield an excess gain of about 4,200 yuan per ton; between 2020 and 2021, it is expected that there will be an increase in the combined use of the co-production capacity of the python pyrophoric titanium powder, resulting in a decrease in the cost of 100 yuan per ton, which will reach 4,300 yuan per ton, respectively.
The dollar’s safe profit margin, i.e., in the worst-case scenario in the market, is no less than the net profit of the python python. 3.1 Dragon python is the leading factor in the cost of five plus one.
The cost of raw materials is the highest in the cost structure of titanium sulphate, with 48% cost, public works, third fees, fixed costs of 21%, 19%, and 12%. Companies’ cost of net raw materials is at a relatively low level, and their share in total costs is below the national average of 4 percentage points.
With the use of low grade titanium mines, the lowest level of single consumption in the country, and higher by-product prices, the cost of net raw materials as a whole is significantly lower than the marginal capacity; the company ' s focal base is slightly higher than the marginal capacity, as a result of the full implementation of gas modification, while the Xiangyang base utility project is based on the low cost of electricity 10 coal.
The cost is lower than the marginal capacity; the fixed-cost method is the lowest in the country, making the fixed cost significantly lower than the marginal capacity. According to our calculations, the cost of titanium powder is based on the cash cost of marginal capacity.
The advantage is that the company ' s excess revenue is about $4,200 per ton. The lower cost of raw materials is the main reason for the low cost of the python, with a contribution of 58% to the cost advantage and a contribution of 29% to the cost of fixed costs and 13% to the cost of public works, respectively.
In contrast to the cost structure of companies listed in the titanium industry, a python is the lowest full cost and the lowest in net material costs, utility engineering and fixed costs, which together constitute a cost advantage for the python.
Compared to the cost structure of companies listed in the titanium powder industry, the three rates are higher among companies listed in the titanium powder industry, mainly due to higher R & D and sales costs of companies.
Since the company completed its merger of the apes, sales of titanium sulphate have been increasing, and sales rates have remained high, promoting production rates of almost 100%, and selling rates of the company have been increasing for the last three years.
We've calculated that the average cost of the trinity powder is about $1,800 per ton, the average cost of the company is about $1,700 per ton (in addition to the argon ton), and the cost of the three is about $100 per ton.
The cost of the raw material is 49%. But the cost of the titanium concentrate for the base (36%) is significantly higher than for the base (25%), while the cost of the raw material other than titanium ore and sulphate is higher than for the base (14%). The cost of the titanium ore is lower than for the base (3%).
The difference is mainly due to the use of internally supplied concentrates as feedstock at Xiangyang Base, which significantly lowers the cost of titanium concentrate, while the difference in other raw materials is mainly due to the co-production of seven water sulphate sub-iron and titanium in the Focal Base, with structural splitting of the price of by-products and the full cost of the Focal Base at Xiangyang indicating that the Focal Base is in net feedstock, common works
The cost is higher than the cost of the Xiangyang base, which is slightly higher than the fixed cost of the Xiangyang base. The Xiangyang/Dyang base is the former Sichuan dragon ape production base under the titanium industry. After years of improvement and processing, the Xiangyang/Dyang plant has a good fit for the titanium mines in the region.
In terms of the energy structure, the focal base, due to the complete gas conversion, is able to achieve the titanium-to-yang base and the Deyang base sulphate approach.
There is still room for further improvement in the production of the raw material mix. The python pylon subsidiary, Sichuan Dragon Python, currently has 800,000 tonnes/year titanium mineral energy, and Riel has 200,000 tonnes/year titanium mineral energy, while the total demand for titanium is currently about 1,775,000 tonnes/year for the three production bases of the company.
In the case of total supply of titanium sulphate, the theoretical support rate is 85%. The Djinx/Ziangyang base is now fully operational, with 63% in real terms, and 22% in range.
Accompanied with the expectation that the company will upgrade titanium-based combs through existing mineral expansions and M&As, if the three main sulphate titanium-based titanium-based titanium concentrates are fully integrated, it is expected that the flaring base-based titanium-superic acid production process will produce a large amount of co-products such as waste acid, sulphate seven water-sulphate, gypsum, etc.
These by-products are used to offset the cost of raw materials by reducing the full cost of sulphate titanium powder.
There is a higher value added product. The Xiangyang base produces seven water sulphate sub-iron, which is expected to yield an excess gain of $110/t if processed into a higher value-added feed-grade sulphate sub-iron; 22% of rare waste acid recovers titanium and is configured for 55% concentrate acid back into the acid disassembly process; and the coke base recovers high titanium slag through the magnetic pick-up titanium recovery process.
Project landings are expected to yield an excess gain of approximately $117/t; while the use of sulfate sub-iron for the production of paints such as iron black can produce a higher economic value, with a single ton yield of up to $81.5.In terms of offsetting the cost of the production of sulfate titanium powder from the main by-products, the flaring base has a titanium white per ton.
The annual average price will reduce the cost of titanium sulphate by about $660 per tonne. The Xiangyang base lacks high-value-added by-products, low production of sulphate and titanium sulphate by-products, combined resource efficiency and integration, total investments amounting to $1.15 billion for waste disposal, environmental governance, technological adaptation, by-products, etc.
In many ways, the company’s focus on environmental protection and optimization has increased resource efficiency and effectively reduced production costs. In the future, the project to integrate the three production bases of the company’s sulphate titanium powder will be phased in, with a projected reduction of 100 yuan/tons per year in cost per ton.
We believe that the cost of titanium sulphate has a significant lead, using low grade titanium mines, the lowest consumption of titanium concentrate in the country, the high value of by-products, and lower single-ton investment costs, while the company ' s scarce titanium-platinum co-opt capacity has expanded further.
The industrial layout of the titanium chain: The high and low level of technology directly affects the single consumption of raw materials for productive energy, while the single consumption of raw materials for the dragon python is at a lower level in the country and directly represents a significant advantage in the cost of the net raw materials. At the same time, because the dragon python is concentrated in sulphuric acid.
There are also strong technical advantages in the design, construction, and construction of devices for the production of titanium powder, which directly results in the lowest additional capacity per ton of investment in the country, compresses fixed costs, and consolidates full cost advantages. Companies have a scarce domestic titanium co-op advantage, with significant reductions in the company’s costs on the one hand, and a full cost advantage on the other.
On the one hand, the supply of raw materials for the company’s capacity should be stabilized and become an important guarantee of the company’s overall performance, in the context of a tightening supply of titanium resources, both within and outside the country. Companies are expected to expand titanium energy continuously in the future, and to increase the sulphate titanium powder production mix, further reducing costs.
The company has been working on the integration of the titanium industry chain, of which titanium sulphate is an important part, both for the efficient, high-value use of the by-products of the titanium line of sulphate, and for the recycling of emissions such as sulfuric acid in conjunction with the titanium line of chlorination.
Joint projects. Sustained integration will gradually reduce the combined costs of the company’s major production bases, and step up the company’s overall profitability, which is an important advantage of the company’s distinction from other titanium powder producers.
Future titanium sulphate will continue to provide a steady cash flow to the company, and will continue to support the company in growing titanium chains such as chlorination and sponge titanium. 3.2 The new production of titanium sulphate in the country will not change the cost curve structure of the production capacity.
The industry of titanium sulphate in our country has passed the construction phase, and production expansion has slowed significantly, with both supply and demand patterns downstream and environmental policies.
According to our statistics, the provinces of Shandong, Guangxi, Hubei, Guizhou, Guangdong, etc. have one between 2020 and 2022.
The project is based on the location of low-end titanium titanium powder. The project will move to gardens for old capacity, etc., without any impact on the existing production cost structure.
Small-scale expansion of capacity, high-cost expansion of capacity, and low-end product expansion will not affect the production cost curve of sulphate titanium powder, the output cost structure will remain stable over the long term, and the python will gain a safe profit margin for steady growth based on cost advantages.
3.3 One-ton safe profit per kilogram per kilogram of a python is calculated for the company ' s future safe profit scale, based on the marginal cash cost of production capacity. 20% of the total cost of production capacity is used as marginal capacity, and the marginal cash cost of production capacity is used as a measure of the company ' s future.
In 2019, the total cost of the three bases was approximately $8,600 per ton, which could generate an excess gain of about $4,200 per ton: 2020-2021. The co-products of the titanium powder of the arcanoic acid are projected to be 2019-2021. According to the company announcement and our projections, the production of the titanium powder of the pyridine arcano is 2019-2021, respectively.
For 555,000 tons, 582,000 tons, 600,000 tons, equivalent to 2.33 billion yuan, 2.5 billion yuan, and 2.58 billion yuan, the total cost of the company ' s chlorinated titanium powder in 2019 was estimated to be about $10,100 per ton, and the domestic chlorine dollar/ton: the company ' s titanium chloride slag project is expected to be operational in 2021, bringing the chlorination process to match with titanium concentrate.
A condom rate of 10 per cent and a cost reduction of about $100/ton, with excess gains of $4,300/ton. According to the expected recovery of the real estate cycle in the public United States, the international situation affected the export of corporate products and imports of raw materials, chlorinated titanium powder production could not increase as much as expected, the risk of proliferation of chlorinated titanium powder technology, and the collapse of the sponge titanium project.
Guwu: Research Assistant, Bachelor of Arts in High Molecular Materials, Master of Complex Materials, Sichuan University, 4 years of experience in the conversion of the mid-air industry into flying aeronautical materials, 2 years of experience: Research Assistant, Master of Chemical Industries, Master of Chemical Engineering, University of Qinghua, and passed cfa Level II examination. The law, using information on legal compliance, provides the present report independently and objectively. The data and information used in this report are from the market.
The information and observations in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, will not be, and will not receive, directly or indirectly, any of the specific recommendations or views in this report.