High performance growth, light assets and investment in R & D to increase sustained competitiveness - G100 million (30628), recently, companies published three-quarterly reports in 2017: they achieved business income of $1.064 billion, an increase over the same period in the previous year
55.44 per cent, with net profits of $478 million attributable to shareholders in listed companies, an increase of 59.25 per cent over the same period; high performance growth. Successful product positioning and highly cost-effective performance driver \triangleright
This is mainly due to increased corporate marketing, R & D inputs, and exchange losses. During the reporting period, the net profit growth achieved by companies was mainly due to the continued growth of the global ip communications market ... while firms continued to increase their research and marketing inputs, resulting in a significant increase in corporate sales revenue over the same period last year.
Since the establishment of the company, the unit has focused on the development of products targeted at users of small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) in comparison with the trend of 300 depths. At the same time, the company has adopted a light asset model, which is extremely cost-effective.
The light asset business model reduces indirect costs and increases the recognition of research and development inputs The corporate business focuses on technology research and development, branding and promotion, product marketing and customer service The corporate strategy Outsourcing products to reliable foreign-associated manufacturers for production at a cost of 14.6 per cent over the previous three quarters
Production can significantly reduce indirect costs, including labour costs and capital asset investment costs. Light assets can contribute to a sustained and substantial investment in research and development, with firms accounting for more than 50 per cent of their workforce. Companies, through their own distribution models, use the global network of distributors in 106 countries on six continents.
The company always sees branding as the firm’s core competitiveness and most important asset, and brand recognition directly determines its client structure.
The company ' s current net fund-raising is expected to be $1,589 million, with four fund-raising investment projects, of which (1) the upgrading and industrialization of the unified communications terminal could further leverage the corporate technology, product, R & D, brand and product clusters and optimize the corporate unified communications end product structure; and (2) the development and production of a high-quality videoconferencing system.
The industrialization project will complete a number of high-quality videoconferencing system end-products and develop a combination of products oriented to different application scenarios, providing participants with high-quality video experience: (3) the R & D and cloud computing centre construction projects can improve the corporate R & D environment and effectively integrate the existing R & D resources of the company; (4) the cloud communications platform construction projects can be directed to business
Industry users provide a unified communications cloud hosting service that facilitates seamless communication between users and the company's unified communications terminals Research assistant: Masson conversion and overall synergy through hardware terminals such as cip, dect, vcs, various software terminals and cloud services
The station is deployed in a unified manner to help enterprises build a unified internal communications ecosystem.iii. Profit predictions and investment proposals. Maintains a “strongly recommended” rating.
High-profile communications markets, unified national communications terminals Unable to maintain high-profile communications markets; stalled development of vcs systems; risk of currency exchange losses. Yang Jian, graduate student, nine years of professional experience, long-term work in wireless research and development, system delivery, solution marketing, etc., joined the public in August 2015
Masson, Assistant Research Assistant in the Communications Industry, Master of Business Administration, Graduated from the University of Hoyoji, joined the civil securities in 2016. The author has a qualification or considerable professional competence in securities investment consulting, awarded by the Chinese Securities Association, to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and not to be influenced by any third party.