The Bulls Group (603195.sh) has deepened the layout of high-end products and achieved multi-area breakthroughs.
Chen Bojo, the electrician lighting business led lighting based on “health eye protection” to capture the incremental market; the new energy industry boomed, with 2.2 pct to 4.6 per cent higher in 2024 and product-side construction.
With the full self-research capability of the electric gun poles, the pipeline is focused on expanding large-scale operators’ clients, and it is expected that the business will be further scaled up with multi-level products Ecology. Overseas business growth is strong, and the domestic market is growing at a smooth pace.
In more than 20 countries, including East Asia, more than a dozen high-quality partners have been established to promote mature products such as switches, lights, bathhouses, etc. in South-East Asia. The internationalization business as a whole has grown steadily and will develop in the future in markets such as the Middle East, Central and Eastern Europe, and the United States.
Deepening the strategic layout of the channel to drive high-quality business growth. The hardware channel focuses on incremental markets and expands.
Professional networks of goods such as business photos, electric tools, etc., increase the efficiency of distributors and achieve efficiency in channel resources. Digital channels speed up the penetration of diverse scenes, such as shops, and use digital marketing to connect online and lower-links to facilitate the transformation of product sales.
It's a strong profitability. 24 years of company Maori, 43.3 per cent, year-on-year, +0.1 pct; management cost/sales costs Investment proposal: companies continue to deepen their channels and to innovate with user demand at their core, tradition.
Business growth is robust, new operations such as headlamps, new energy are rapidly developing, stocks are available and incremental space is available.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete the appropriate matching of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service, and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.