Bulls Group: Sticking to the innovation drive, the main barriers are deep, the Bulls Group (603195) (+4.6% of the year). Companies focus on the three strategic directions of "intellectual ecology, new energy sources, internationalization".
Innovative and channel-driven growth continues to be a leader in the industry. Connectivity: the converter brings out the demand for new excavations, and digital & electric tools contribute more. In 2024, electricity connected business generated $7,683 million, an increase of 4.01 per cent, and the Māori rate of 40.97 per cent, an increase of the same year.
0.08 pct. The converter product continues to be innovatively upgraded, with the introduction of a "Z-era series" orbital plug, needles for young people, and home-grown new products for South-East Asian markets, and the consolidation of high quality images.
Smart electrician lighting: Actively promoting the construction of a flagship shop and the creation of smart-house ecology. Smart electric power industry revenue of $8.331 billion in 2024, an increase of 5.42 per cent, and Māori rate of 46.18 per cent, an increase in the same year.
On top of the high-end innovations, the Wall Opens has launched the Fluttershy Wings, the Music Basket series, the led Lights consolidates market awareness with a healthy eye at the core of the product matrix, and the smart lights launch the leading distributed aai voice control system.
Building a home-wide electrical ecology is still expected to have a wide range of development space. The channel-end flagship shop plus new retailing are effective in promoting the ability of all-touched sales and all-touch attractions, and the performance of lightless light portals has increased significantly, and is expected to support accelerated ecological growth throughout the house.
New energy: Integrated competitiveness continues to improve, consolidating industry leadership. In 2024, the Division of New Energy Operations completed the product+channel layout, with a high degree of integrated competitiveness: 1) At the end of the product: a series of “no poles” in the domestic domain, and a series of “skys” will soon be marketed; the fast-filled and stored energy sector will continue to play its full role.
There are more than 3,000 cumulative developers and development operators at the end of the spectrum. The company chargers category has now achieved a significant lead in the market of the current power provider platform, and it is expected that with the rapid development of the new energy automobile industry, it will become a corporate internationalization: product co-generation + channels are built together to build local business capacity.
Actively building a global picture to manage and promote business model innovation through fine-tuning channels, seeking high-quality cooperation
Itd has established cooperation with local head businesses in the Middle East and South America.
Home storage, charge-post product lines are also actively directed towards orbiting plugs, fan lamps, smart lighting, etc. Kang Wen-hyun, Assistant Director of the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, General Manager of the New Consumer Research Centre, Master ' s degree in Shanghai Transport University, first author of several sci+ei essays, formerly employed in the National Treasury, leading the team to win the best new wealth in 2024.
Lee morning, he graduated from the College of Physics at the University of California, Bay, where he majored in mathematics/accompanied accounting; graduate students graduated from the rich, golden quails, crystal ball, etc., and joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2024, mainly covering paper, light-work exports, electronic tobacco, etc.
Cao Cao has graduated from the Central University of Finance and Economics and a master's degree from the University of Washington, St. Louis.
He graduated from the China Maritime University, and he graduated from Kings College in London. He was successful in his career in open-source securities research. Joined the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre in 2025, covering inter-border power suppliers, gold jewels, two-wheeled cars, etc.
Luanin, a Master of Economics at the Champagne School at Illinois University, was employed in trade securities, Western securities, and had a track of electricity, art and the like, using electricians, stationery, electric tools, lighting, intelligent home lanes.
This report has been produced and published by the CVM. The report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, providing support and reference to investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. Sindam securities are not considered by recipients to be an ex officio recipient of this report. This report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information considered reliable by the recipient, but the Sindam securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in this report are only dated from the date of the original presentation of the present report and may involve varying degrees of volatility in the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in this report.
The historical performance of securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.