The annual 2018 report (601857) was published on the evening of the 23rd night and the company achieved business income of 2641.01 Deduction of non-net gains to keep the whole industry chain of growth stable.
Under the influence of a high base, the growth rate of corporate income slowed and the net profit fell on a year-on-year basis, mainly as a result of factors such as the separation of transfer fees in the “three-for-one” sector, resulting in a real increase of 2.1 per cent in non-net profit, a decline of 0.20 to 41.12 per cent in the company's overall Māori rate, a decrease of 1.05 pt in the company's overall cost rate, an increase of 0.09 pt in the cost rate and a decrease in the net interest rate.
Production increases, company-owned coal rebounds by 0.4 to 296.6 million tons, self-produced coal costs by $113.4 per ton, production processes are moving forward, additional capacity is being replaced in other mining areas, and company-owned coal production is expected to increase.
Transport operations and coal industry operations: increased coal sales during the reporting period, railway turnover + 4.0 per cent, income + 4.2 per cent, reduced Māori by 1.4 pct; underwater coal volume in ports + 4.6 per cent, income + 7.1 per cent, reduced Māori by 5.5 pct; shipping cargo China, the largest coal company in the country, concentrated coal, electricity generation, ports, shipping, coal-chemicals
Integrated whole-sector layout, coal, power generation, and transport have become three pillars of corporate performance. Open-source equity companies have a cost advantage, have an integrated operating advantage and scale effect in the industry, and significantly enhance public performance.
The Division's ability to withstand cyclical fluctuations and risks. In the broader context of supply-side reform, advanced production capacity accelerates the installation of Urban Gate B on the 5th floor, and the company is expected to continue to benefit from the policy benefits of advanced energy release, further consolidating the god.
The leading role in the coal industry. Corporate equity policies are stable, valuations are relatively low, state-owned reforms are continuing, and there is a long-term interest in the coal plate.
This report is presented independently and objectively in a professional and diligent manner with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not received, nor will I receive, directly or indirectly, company-related disclosures as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.
The company fulfils its disclosure obligations as far as it is aware, using as a criterion the increase or decrease in the benchmark market index for securities over the six months following the reporting date, defined as follows:
(overweight): Industry goes beyond overall market performance; (underweight): industry is weaker than overall market performance.