We've got a small performance out of three for first job, and we've got a review of China's 601088.
The company issued its annual performance announcement for 2018, which achieved business income of $264.1 billion, an increase of 6.2 per cent over the reporting period; realized net profits of $43.9 billion attributable to the public sector shareholders in the public sector on the public market.
One billion yuan, a 2.6 per cent decline in the same year, but a net gain of 46.1 billion yuan, a 2.1 per cent increase in the same year, is slightly less than expected. On a quarterly basis, it is public. [coal plate: a small decline in the profitability of rising costs]. Companies achieved $20.52 billion (pre-consolidation) in 2018, an increase of 4.7 per cent in the same year, but it was affected by an increase in the cost of self-produced coal (108.5 yuan per ton — $113.4 tons per ton), resulting in operating revenues of 41.4 billion yuan, a decrease in the same ton.
4.4 per cent in terms of sales, the company actively addresses the issue of the open coal mine in Haluso and Pozhikhler, ensuring a steady increase in production, achieving an annual increase of 297 million tons in commercial coal production, or 0.4 per cent, and 461 million tons in coal sales, or 3.9 per cent, of which 82.3 per cent (47.8 per cent annually and 34.5 per cent per cent per annum).
At the cost of 0.9%, the company’s own production cost of coal units increased by RMB 113.4/t, by 4.5% from the same year, mainly due to the extraction of raw materials from Harusil soil and an increase in the progress of well-workers.
The realization of business gains of 12.7 billion yuan was a significant increase of 71.9 per cent, mainly due to the generation of electricity, the increase in the volume of electricity sold on the same basis, and the small increase in the price of electricity sold. Hours were reported. Up to now, the transaction between the company and the joint company for the formation of electricity and electricity has been completed, and about 32 million kilowatts of opportunity will be injected into the equity company, with a corresponding increase in equity investments.
In the case of railways, the company's own rail transport turnover amounted to 28.39 billion tons, an increase of 4 per cent in the same year; in the case of the realization of income, the main source of income increased the cost of dredging due to weather effects. In the case of shipping, the volume of shipping by companies amounted to 10.36 million tons, an increase of 11.4 per cent in the same year; in the case of revenues of 4.1 billion yuan, an increase of 25.9 per cent in the same year; and in the case of operating revenues of 720 million yuan, an increase of 9.4 per cent in the same year.
Profit forecasts and investment ratings: Companies use vertically integrated business models, using their own transport and distribution networks, to generate profits from each step of the coal-based industry chain, reduce operating costs, and improve business competitiveness. We expect companies to achieve business harvests between 2019 and 2020, with a sharp fall in coal prices, a fall in electricity prices on the Internet, and a macroeconomic downturn.
JUNG JUNG JUNG : Top 10 (eighth) in the industry research award for the annual “China Securities Industry Burly Award.” Best scorer in the real estate industry study for the 2013 Gold Bull Award. Third in the real estate industry for the 2014-million information year “Seller Institution Probations are accurate”. Investment today, 2016.
The specific recommendations or views of the research assistant are directly or indirectly relevant.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of these information, nor of any change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes. Information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the sale of the securities in question, and any investment made by the investor on that basis.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make easy the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.