In the evening of 22 March, the company released its annual report for 2018, in which it realized operating income of 264,101 million yuan, an increase of 6.17 per cent over the reporting period; 39.7 per cent of the profits of the year attributable to the owner of the company under the guidelines for reporting on gross profits; and 4.41 per cent of China ' s share rate, calculated on the basis of a cut-off price of 25 March, respectively.
Coal plate profitability has declined slightly, with a high proportion of COA coal support plate performance robust. \triangleright sustained a sustained improvement in demand downstream of coal in 2018, companies organized production in compliance with the law, accelerated the release of advanced capacity, and achieved a year-round production of 297 million tons of commercial coal, which increased by the same amount.
Wang Chimin Research Assistant plus 0.4 per cent and achieved 461 million tons of coal sales, an increase of 3.9 per cent over the same year, of which 160 million tons, an increase of 12.2 per cent over the same year, achieved an average coal sales price of $429/ton (excluding taxes) (2017: 425/ton), an increase of 0.9 per cent over the same year, and a full cost of $374.17/ton, an increase of 426 per cent over the same year.
Zhou Jie Research Assistant achieved a Māori rate of 28.2 per cent, a decrease of 2.5 percentage points from 2017. The cost of the company ' s coal plate increased faster in 18 years because of the increase in the cost of home-grown coal. The cost of own-grown coal unit production was $113.4 per ton, an increase of 4.5 per cent compared to $108.5 per ton in 17 years.
The increase resulted in a small decline in coal plate profits, with corporate coal plate operating revenues of $41.4 billion in 2018, a 4.4 per cent decline in the same year, with companies making their first public sales of coal, as a proportion of 220.5, 158.9 and 81.5 million tons of spot sales in 2018, representing 47.8 per cent of sales, and a high pivot of coal prices in 2019, which in the long run was accompanied by a gradual return to normal production in open-air mines such as Haluso, where companies were more profitable.
The semi-annual report for 2018 by the Chinese dynasty (601088). Review: Integration poles performed well, and corporate cash flows were strong for the future.
The price of electricity sold and the number of hours of electricity generated continued to increase, and the power plate Māori increased steadily. \triangleright, 2018, was influenced by a faster-than-a-half-year increase in electricity consumption across society, and companies increased their marketing efforts to produce 28.532 billion kilowatt-hours of electricity throughout the year 2018.
8.5 per cent; total electricity sales of 2,67.59 billion kilowatt hours increased by 8.7 per cent, or 3.9 per cent, of the total consumption of electricity in the society as a whole. By the end of 2018, the total installed capacity of the company had reached 61,849 megawatts, an increase of 6.9 per cent compared to the end of the previous year.
The company's efficiency in generating electricity has continued to improve, with a percentage point increase in the number of hours of power generated by the company's combined sale price of 0.318 yuan per kilowatt hour in 2018.
Over the same period of the year, there was a 3.7 percentage point increase, and vertical integration of port shipping was developed in tandem, with a number of transport plates blooming.
With respect to ports: in 2018, companies achieved 270 million tons of underground coal sales, an increase of 4.6 per cent compared with the corresponding 4.6 per cent; coal sales from ports owned by them increased by 238 million tons, an increase of 4.6 per cent compared with the corresponding increase of 11.8 per cent in tonnage in nautical miles, an increase of $4,089 million in business earnings, an increase of 25.9 per cent in comparison with the increase in shipping prices and shipping turnover.
We expect the future growth to be accompanied by steady growth in the coal industry, the company’s large yellow railways becoming operational, and further synergetic synergies will be evident, and the profitability of the plates will continue to increase. Profit forecasting and ratings: the future profitability of companies will remain largely stable, with companies expected to earn a profit in 19-21 years, respectively, as a result of the advantages of corporate integration.
Two hundred and seventy-five million yuan, representing a decrease of 2.18 per cent (debt ratio of 31 per cent), a projected capital expenditure of 27.1 billion in 2019, a net cash flow of 88.2 billion in 2018, a robust company, which we expect to cover interest and capital spending in future cash flows, and an expected increase in the company's share of red money. We look forward to the company's coal circuit port, the vertically integrated business model of navigation, and the synergy of the company's coal and transport plates and the company's profitability in the larger context of high coal price shocks.
Risk factors: lower-than-expected macroeconomics and higher-than-expected declines in coal prices; and security implications of corporate mining.
Kwang Ming, Ph.D., China Mining University (Beijing), registered consultant (investment) engineer, member of the China Geology and Minerals Economics Society, member of the China International Engineering Advisory Corporation's expert bank, member of the China Sinda Business Audit Advisory Expert Bank, former Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Office of the China Coal Industry Association (chair), research consultant in coal- and energy-related fields, and chaired the 13th Five-Year National Coal Survey and Development Planning Study, and revision of the coal industry technology policy
Wang Chimin, Master of Mining Engineering, University of Mines, China, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2017 for research in the coal industry. Zhou Jie, Master of Mining Engineering, Master of Business and Industry Management, People’s University of China, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in May 2017 for research in the coal industry.
This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSCP, which provides support and reference in investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above. It is not intended to the public that the report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the CSCR, but the CSV does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the points of view and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the report, and the securities or investments referred to in this report are not addressed to the public.
The price, value and investment income of the capital may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.