Energy equipment leads, energy equipment leads together, and energy equipment leads the way to the new steps. The company is a world-class power-equipment manufacturing company, which, after more than 60 years of development and sedimentation, has created a “six power together” (wind power, solar power generation, hydropower, nuclear power).
In terms of performance, the funds will be used for: 1) merger and acquisition of subsidiary shares to increase corporate profits; 2) investment in pumping energy.
The company is expected to improve its production profile and facilitate the process of digital transformation. The amount of investment in power sources has increased steadily, and the industry’s development base has stabilized.
\triangleright phase. In January-December 2022, the cumulative amount of investment in power infrastructure was $7.208 billion, a year-on-year increase.
22.8 per cent. In January-February 2023, 67.6 billion yuan was invested in power projects in the country ' s major power-generating enterprises, corresponding to an increase of 43.6 per cent over the 43.6 per cent increase, which will guarantee industrial development.
Clean and Efficient Energy Equipment Business: 1) Fire and Power: The company is one of the largest producers of clean energy equipment for fire power in the country, led by the city, with stable customer relations, and with the development of the power and power industry, the company ' s fire and power project is expected to move forward steadily. 2) Nuclear power: Policy promotes the active and safe development of nuclear power, and the company ' s nuclear power and equipment operations are now in operation.
With a 43% share, the company's nuclear power operation is expected to be stabilized during the “14th Five-Year” period. 3) Gas: As clean energy systems accelerate, the need for gas motor assembly will expand further.
More than 62 million kilowatts (kW) have been doubled from the 13th, with companies leading the market, participating in major projects in many countries, and pumping energy policies will benefit the company's hydropower business. 2) Wind power: wind power is growing and the market is promising. Companies have two-way and direct-drive technologies that outperform the global performance.
The new industry: the emergence of hydrogen energy, which is expected to be released in the future. The company has now formed hydrogen extraction, hydrogen \triangleright.
In 2022, the company's hydrogen energy combined with wind and current business patterns broke new ground, obtaining orders for glyphos and hydrogen fuel cell engines. Investment proposal: the company is a leading energy-equipment company, benefiting from a steady increase in the amount of investment in power sources.
\triangleright \triangleright 1 energy equipment leader, moving up the new steps
The Eastern Electric Company (hereinafter referred to as “the Company”) is a world class power equipment manufacturing enterprise that has developed a “six power lines, six industries and coordinated” industry. After more than 60 years of development and sedimentation, the company developed a “six power lines”.
(wind power, solar power generation, hydropower, nuclear power, gas power, fire power) and “six industries working together” (high-end petrochemicals, industrial development patterns). The company has now become an important global research and development manufacturer and engineering for high-end energy equipment.
One of the largest enterprises contracted, with products and services spread across nearly 80 countries and regions around the world, is committed to providing clients with integrated energy solutions for energy equipment, green low-carbon equipment, and high-end smart equipment. In the 1950’s, the “three-line” state successfully changed.
In 1958, the first East Electric company, the Deokyang Hydraulic Power Plant (later known as the Eastern Power Plant), started work on the ground in Sichuan Deokyang. In the midst of the three-line construction, in 1966, the Eastern Wheeler Plant, the Eastern Boiler Plant, and the East Wind Power Plant were in Sichuan.
The construction of the five-trail bridge between the two major power plants has been completed, which means that the company has succeeded in constructing a large power-equipment industry in a large three-line region comparable to Harbin and Shanghai, thereby changing the layout of China’s electricity-equipment manufacturing industry.
In Chengdu, member companies include the Eastern Electric Power Plant, the Eastern Wheeler Plant, the Eastern Boiler Plant, and the Eastern Wind Power Plant. In 1992, the China Eastern Electric Group Company was registered with the National Directorate of Commerce and Industry.
In 2021, the company accumulated 600 million kilowatts of electricity generation equipment, making it the first energy equipment manufacturing company in the country to break this target.
The company’s main business model is development, design, manufacturing, and production.
Marketing of high-end equipment such as advanced hydropower, nuclear power, gas power, electric power, wind power, solar power generation and chemical containers, energy conservation and environmental protection, electrical power electronics and controls, hydrogen energy, etc., while providing engineering contracts and services to global energy operators.
The Department's first 10 MW offshore wind unit, developed autonomously, boosts China's wind single-power capacity “two-digit-hour”; 2) solar energy: the company's deep-farming photovoltaic and photovoltaic power generation, with mature project implementation capacity; 3) hydropower: the company's autonomous intellectual property rights-owned technology for the right-hand bank of the three gorges and the Quillow ferry fleet is in the lead in the world
Levels; 4) Nuclear power: The company has taken the lead in the country in the multi-million kilowatt class of large nuclear power, with products covering all technological routes in the country: 5) Gas: the company has developed 50mwf class gas turbines with fully autonomous intellectual property rights; 6) Fire power: the company has a wide range of relevant products with reliability leading the industry.
Table 1: “Six Power Together” Global Project Contracting Experiences. The company has long been active in the global power station project contracting market and has built over a hundred power station projects, which are highly appreciated by domestic and international markets and currently have a total installed capacity of over 84 million
Since 1987, the company's major equipment products and services have been exported to nearly 80 countries and territories, including South-East Asia, South Asia, Central Asia, the Middle East, Europe, Africa, South America, and some developed countries. Since 1994, the company has been on top of China.
With regard to the Māori ratio of operations, the 1.3 share structure of the company ' s renewable energy equipment in 2022: the equity structure is concentrated and is the direct responsibility of the National Council.
The company’s equity structure is concentrated. China’s Eastern Electric Group Ltd. is a controlling shareholder in the company, with a shareholding rate of 55.40% according to the 2022 annual report. The corporate group is one of the centrally identified key State-owned enterprises involved in national security and the lifeblood of the national economy and is under the supervision of the State Council’s State Assets Supervisory Board.
Central enterprises are managed, so the real control of the company is the State Property Control Board of the State Council. The company has direct control of core companies such as shareholder power machines, Oriental turbines, Orient boilers, Orient heavy engines, Orient nuclear weapons, East India, etc., and is actively engaged in domestic and foreign operations.
State Property Supervisory Board of the State Council, China Eastern Electric Group Ltd. Hong Kong Central Clearing Company Ltd.
East Electric Co. Ltd. East Electric (Congregation) East Electric (Congregation) Innovation Technology Development Co. Ltd.
Eastern Electric Group Institute of Science and Technology Ltd. Eastern Electric Group Eastern Boiler Co. Ltd. Eastern Electric Group Eastern Wheeler Co. Ltd.
Eastern Electrical (Wuhan) Nuclear Equipment Co. Ltd. Eastern Electrical Automatic Control Engineering Co. Ltd. Eastern Electrical Group International Cooperation Ltd.
Eastern Electric Group Eastern Electric Power Company Ltd. Eastern Electric Wind and Wind Company Ltd. Eastern Electric Group Finance Co. Ltd.
Hydrogen Fuel Cell Science and Technology Co. Ltd. Financial situation of Heavy Machines Ltd. 1.4: steady improvement in performance and continued promotion of efficiency gains
Business performance has continued to improve, with income and net profits rising steadily. Overall, the company's business performance has stabilized. In 2018, the company issued shares to purchase Eastern Electric Group assets, adding new electronics and smart controls, finance, logistics, trade, new energy sources, industrial smart equipment, etc., to improve the industrial system and the scope of operations.
Broad. Corporate business plates continue to synergize, maintaining overall momentum for high-quality development. On March 31, 2023, the company published its annual report for 2022, the company achieved business income in 2022, the Maori rate declined as a result of upstream raw material prices, and net interest rates kept growing.
Since then, affected by the external environment, geopolitics and other factors, commodity prices of raw materials have risen and companies have fallen by 0.8 pct. With regard to net interest rates, the focus on efficiency gains has driven high-quality operations and sustained high R & D investment.
Specific actions to improve efficiency, refine controls over “two golds” (inventory, accounts receivable) and further refine the system of this management system, resulting in a continuous increase in the turnover of the company's inventory and accounts receivable and good cost controls.
In terms of inputs, companies adhere to autonomous innovation, improve STI systems, and R & D costs have remained constant for many years, with 1.5 fixed growth programmes: improved industrial layout and promotion of digital transformation 1) M & A subsidiary equity; 2) investment in water pumping and plant digital transformation projects; 3) replenishment
For corporate governance purposes, the company intends to acquire an Eastern power plant, an Eastern steamer as a fully-owned subsidiary, and increase the share share of the Eastern boiler, or an Eastern heavy engine. Once the acquisition is complete, the company will increase its control over plate operations such as generators, turbines, hydrogen, nuclear power, etc.
Some of the funds raised will be used for capacity-building in water-pumping and engine rotor processing.
Projects such as capacity-building to improve the company’s strategic layout in the new energy sector. Meanwhile, some of the funds are being raised for the digitization workshop and the digitization of the pot in the east, helping companies to become more intelligent, continuously improving the quality of the public sector’s products, shortening the product delivery cycle, reducing the cost of the products, and further improving core competitiveness.
The energy project completed an investment of 67.6 billion yuan, an increase of 43.6 per cent in the same year, of which 8.7 billion yuan was spent on nuclear power, an increase of 44.8 per cent in the same year, and 28.3 billion yuan in solar power, an increase of 199.9 per cent in the same year.
2.2 Clean and efficient energy equipment: Fire power, nuclear power, and gas power synchronized propulsion. In modern energy systems, fire power acts as a backbone. In 2022, the National Energy Agency and the National Development and Reform Commission issued a series of documents to guide their upgrading reforms, including piloting new storage technologies,
In 2022, we generated 5.85 trillion dry-watt-hours of electricity, representing 69.8% of the total.
Nationally, investment in the construction of the power supply for the fire was 90.9 billion yuan, an increase of 28.4 per cent over the previous year, and the additional capacity of the power plant was 45 million kilowatt-hours (kWh). The company’s power generation equipment was in the lead, with a steady increase in the share of the country’s cities.
One of the producers of clean electricity equipment, the main products of which are turbine generators, power station turbines, and power station boilers. Company product parameters cover mid-to-supercritical pressure, with product capacity ranging from 50 mw to 1350 mw. With regard to city coverage, the share of company power plant boiler products rose from 34.89% to 65.97% between 2019 and 2021.
In 2022, the company’s smart-fired power project advanced steadily, generating 10,797 million yuan, or more.
2.2.2 The steady development of nuclear power operations, related policies or new opportunities The active and safe orderly development of nuclear power is promoted by policies. The 14th Five-Year Modern Energy System Plan, published in March 2022 by the National Development and Reform Commission in conjunction with the National Energy Authority, states that the 14th Five-Year Plan will lead to a positive and orderly development in the country.
The nuclear power industry, which is planned to achieve 70 million kilowatts of installed capacity by 2025, is expected to generate new momentum for the development of the company’s nuclear power business, which consists mainly of reactor pressure containers, steam generators, stacked components, control rods.
The company now has 43% of nuclear power facilities in the market, and its main service clients are the Chinese Nuclear Industry Group, the China-China Nuclear Group, the China-China Nuclear Group, the China-China Nuclear Power Group, and the China-China Group. In 2022, the company received 2.2.3 gas-loading units and is expected to increase its profitability.
In 2022, the National Development and Reform Commission and the National Energy Agency issued an Opinion on Measures to Improve Energy Green Low-Carbon Transformation Systems and Policy, which states that the overall synergy between natural gas power generation and storage should be strengthened. As clean energy systems are accelerated, the demand for gas generators will expand further.
The company is the country’s leading provider of overall solutions for heavy-gas turbine equipment and gas generation. 2022 Māori rates - 0.49%, a decline of 19.72 pcts compared to the previous period, mainly due to the cost of research and development of new combustion engine products.
Large, the market space has not been opened, and the Māori rate is expected to recover as a result of the increased recognition of the self-fired engine market. Water-pumping energy policies are good, and market mechanisms are better.
In its opinion on mechanisms for the pricing of water-pumped energy, the Pumping Power Plants are encouraged to participate in the market for support services or in the compensation mechanism for support services in order to generate benefits, which, with policy support, continue to improve. Markets are led by participation in a number of major national projects.
In 2022, the market for companies reached 37%, with major customers including the country’s five major power conglomerates, the tri-gorge group, the national grid, and the southern grid. Companies are the first to have pumped water at the same time.
One of the most highly developed and processing-manufacturing manufacturers of power-generating equipment capable of machine development and decomposing is also one of the most highly developed companies in the pumping energy industry, which is now at a national and world-class level. In 2022, the company earned 2,489 million yuan in operating water and water supply plates.
The wind power plant continued to grow, and the market is promising. In 2022, the country installed 3763 kilowatts of wind power, with a cumulative installed capacity of 370 million kilowatts, an increase of 11.2 per cent compared to the previous year. The country has good wind energy resource conditions and a more mature wind power industry base to support the rapid expansion of wind power.
In addition, the company has been certified as the first in the country and the second in the world.
The company ' s wind and power business generated $12,193 million in business income in 2022, compared with 2.4 new industries: hydrogen energy business is emerging, future release is expected, policy is driving the hydrogen industry and the external environment is further matured. In March 2022, the National Development and Reform Commission,
The National Energy Agency issued the Long-term Plan for the Development of the Hydrogen Energy Industry (2021-2035), which sets out the objectives and important initiatives for promoting the development of the hydrogen energy industry in all its phases. The Plan states that by 2025, the country will have 10-20 million tonnes of hydrogen per year of renewable energy; by 2030, the country will have to produce a more complete hydrogen production.
In order to achieve this goal, we: 1) actively build an innovation system for the hydrogen energy industry; 2) promote the construction of hydrogen energy infrastructure and networks; 3) promote the diversification of hydrogen energy applications and explore commercial development paths.
At present, many parts of the country have introduced policies related to hydrogen energy development, with targets for industrial size, number of hydrogen-added stations, and number of fuel-cell cars at various stages. According to the China Hydrogen Energy Alliance, China’s hydrogen-energy industry will produce 1 trillion yuan in 2023.
The annual demand for hydrogen energy in China will amount to 130 million tons, or 20 per cent of end-use energy consumption, in the context of carbon neutrality.Figure 26: China ' s hydrogen demand projections for 2030-2060 (tonne tons) Figure 27: China ' s share of hydrogen consumption for end-use energy in 2030-2060 (%)
The company has developed a whole-of-the-industry solution for hydrogen extraction, hydrogen storage, hydrogen infusion, hydrogen use of whole-of-the-industry chain and has been able to independently develop membrane electrodes, fuel cell reactors, fuel cell motors, etc. The first passenger vehicles carrying the company ' s fuel cell system have been tested for operation on an average of 100 km.
With regard to orders, in 2022, the company ' s hydrogen energy, in conjunction with windlight, achieved a new breakthrough in its business model by obtaining orders for glyphos and hydrogen fuel cell motors.3 Profit predictions and investment proposals
3.1 Profit projection assumptions and operations split Renewable energy equipment: 1) Hydropower: Policies to promote sustainable and accelerated development of pumping storage energy The company is the highest-level R & D technology and highest-process manufacturing capacity in the pumping energy industry
One of the industries is expected to benefit; 2) Wind power: The country’s wind and power units continue to grow and the market is promising, and companies are the leading suppliers of wind and power packages in the country, with a national average of the top five, and the city’s share is expected to continue to rise.
Clean and Efficient Energy Equipment: 1) Fire and Power: In the context of efficient and clean energy construction, it is more urgent to re-engineer it, and the company, as one of the country's largest producers of clean energy equipment, is expected to benefit from the operation; 2) Nuclear power: "145" phase will be opened in an orderly and safe manner.
Nuclear Power Development, which is scheduled to achieve 70 million kilowatts of nuclear power in 2025; 3) Gas: As clean energy systems accelerate, the need for gas power units will also enter into a new and growing industry: the company will expand its efforts in new industries such as hydrogen, storage, etc., with the overall expectation that
Engineering and trade: The company ' s international operations, involving major markets covering South-East Asia, South Asia, Central Asia, Central and Eastern Europe, Africa, South America and some developed countries, are expected to grow steadily thereafter. The company as a whole is expected to be a leading energy-equipment business, and given the company ' s revenue structure, we choose the energy-equipment leader.
Military companies [Shanghai Electric], domestic residual boiler industry leading companies [Sicok Clean Energy], wind power equipment leading companies [Golden Wind Technology] as comparable companies. Using the collection price of 21 April 2023 as a benchmark, the company is a leading energy-equipment company, benefiting from a steady increase in investment in power sources.
Volatile, with large-scale games and regional conflicts causing greater uncertainty in the functioning of the global economy, the dominant economy is mired in a low rate of economic growth, with multiple factors compounding the challenges of internationalization of companies, and the impact of brand internationalization needs to be enhanced.
2) Receivable risk. The gradual recovery of domestic consumption, investment, etc., as a result of macroeconomic influences, the accumulation of raw materials, logistics and rising labour costs, the suspension, suspension of some projects, and a decrease in the recovery of the remaining funds, thereby affecting the profitability of the enterprise.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.