Company-in-depth report: Eastern Electric (600875.sh) Fire power nuclear power re-engineer, plus green power to carbon neutralize, fire power approved recovery, traditional equipment business to rejuvenate.
According to the National Energy Agency, in 2022, the cumulative capacity of our coal-fired unit was 5853.13 twh, with a growth rate of 0.9 per cent and about 69.77 per cent of total electricity generated, the amount of electricity generated by the fire-fired power continued to increase. With the green transformation of the power supply structure, the share of renewable energy installed increased rapidly, and the share of electricity generated by the fire-fired power dropped from 82.84 per cent in 2011 to 69.77 per cent; the capacity of the engine-assembled was 1332.39gw, with an increase of 2.7 per cent.
High volatility, at current technological levels, supported by flex-fire power to absorb new energy sources and grids, and modifier frequency is one of the main solutions for ensuring the gradual transformation of power systems. In 2022, new coal power approvals exceeded 65 million kW, more than three times the total approved in 2021. The new approvals were more than one million kWh of large, advanced coal-fired generators, with a notable recovery of the electric heater. The company was one of the largest producers of fire power equipment in the country, leading the manufacturing capacity of fire power equipment, and could develop 135 million kW class supercritical power units in bulk. The market for coal-fired equipment rose steadily from 34.89 per cent to 42.8 per cent of the market for power station boiler/station engine/wheel generator equipment in 2019.
According to the National Energy Agency, the country's clean energy construction has grown rapidly in recent years, reaching 125 million kilowatts in 2022, generating 119 trillion kilowatts of electricity. Under the “double carbon” target, the optimal transformation of our energy structure has contributed to the maintenance of a high profile in the renewable energy sector, with wind and wind installed primarily on land, but with wind and wind power having great potential, as of the end of 2022, the country's wind and wind at sea has accumulated and networked capacity.
With 32.5 million kW, or about 1% of the country's exploitable resources, the coastal provinces of Jiangsu, Zhejiang, and Fujian will have 48 gw capacity for sea wind planning during the “14th Five” period. The company, which has two-way and direct-drive wind power lines, is a leading supplier of domestic equipment packages and has delivered more than 8,000 wind units and a market share of wind equipment of more than 10%. The company focuses on the development of far-reaching sea floating wind units, the company's autonomous development of 13 megawatt wind-resistant offshore units, and the 10mw wind-based units, which deliver bulk deliveries and production.
The company actively creates new performance growth points, develops new industries such as hydrogen energy, storage, smart manufacturing, and new materials, expands product applications, focuses on core bottleneck technologies such as fuel cells, hydrogen-making technologies, corporate hydrogen energy and fuel cell operations, including membrane electrodes, reactors, hydrogen supply systems, fuel cell engines, etc. The company has acquired a full range of core technology and autonomous intellectual property rights.
The April announcement of Eastern Electric announced a programme to distribute up to 273 million shares to no more than 35 specific clients in competitive distribution, and the total amount of funds to be raised (including the cost of distribution) does not exceed $5 billion (the major shareholders are to subscribe to $500 million) for the acquisition of subsidiary equity projects (50.53 per cent), construction projects (23.90 per cent) and replenishment of liquidity (25.57 per cent).
The company’s main subsidiaries, whose shares are raised to 100%, 100%, 99.91%, and 53.80% after the completion of the entire deal, i.e., the Eastern Electric Unit and the Eastern Wheeler will become full-fledged subsidiaries, with full performance to be accounted for. Four construction projects: 1) 450 million yuan of the funds raised will be invested in the Pumping Capacity Development Project, which is expected to produce 25 units/sets per year for the company’s additional Pumpers.
Capacity-building projects to develop clean and efficient energy sources and to help companies develop autonomous intellectual property rights to break the technological monopoly on the core design and manufacturing chain of heavy combustion engines abroad. 3) The $410 million and $250 million of funds raised will be split between the East Wheeler Digital Workshop and the Eastern boiler Digital Construction Project, which will help to improve the quality of the company’s products, reduce product delivery cycles, lower product costs, and help in the digital transformation.
Trade barriers in Europe and the United States have hampered industrial development, labels: Republic Energy Equipment Star 2, Power: Power Gaps "Forcing" Fire and Power Reboot and Return of Armored Kings.
Potential: High innovation in nuclear power approvals and new power in the market 4 - Fixed power: steady investment in hydropower, extraction of water storage as an important growth point 5 - Power: decade of clean wind energy gold, wind engine business as a national leader 5
6. Accompaniment: latent energy, hydrogen energy layouts have shown results 7 Future: income structure optimized, valuation of historical status 1.1 Republic energy equipment star: creation of 65 vehicles to contribute one third of the country ' s energy supply
Eastern Electric was created in 1958, formerly known as the Eastern Electric Power Plant, and was formed in 1984 by the Eastern Electric Power, the Eastern Wheeler, the Eastern Boiler, and the Eastern Wind Power, providing about one third of our energy equipment. The company is currently one of the largest energy manufacturing conglomerates in the world, producing the highest generation of electricity equipment in successive years in nearly 80 countries and territories around the world.
Companies have responded firmly to the national “doubt carbon” strategy and continued to promote a green, low-carbon transformation of their industries. A “six-power mix, six-sector partnership” industry has been developed with high-end petrochemical equipment, energy conservation, engineering and international trade, modern manufacturing services, electricity electronics and controls, and new and emerging industries.
Current or future core operations, such as boilers, turbines, generators, wind power, nuclear power, build-in, hydrogen energy and new materials, and the provision of engineering contracts and services to global energy operators.
1.1 Republic Energy Equipment Stars: Creation of 65 vehicles contributing to one third of the country's energy equipment Holdings include Eastern boilers, Eastern turbines, Eastern Electrics, Eastern Winds, Eastern Heavy Machines, Orient Nuclears, Eastern Hydrogens, Sichuan Tokiki New Materials, etc., corresponding to the company's current or future core operations such as boilers, turbines, generators, wind power, nuclear power, stacking, hydrogen energy and new materials, and the provision of engineering contracts and services to global energy operators.
1.1 Republican Energy Equipment Star: 65 vehicles were created to contribute one third of the country's energy supply. Eastern Electric released a targeted programme in April 2023 and updated in June 2023: no more than 273 million shares are to be distributed on a competitive basis to no more than 35 specific targets, and the total amount of funds to be raised (including the cost of distribution) is not more than $5 billion (Eastern Electric Group proposes to subscribe to $500 million) for the acquisition of subsidiary equity projects (approximately $2.527 billion, or 50.53 per cent), construction projects (approximately $1,195 million, or 23.90 per cent) respectively.
The proposed acquisition of the equity project, the Eastern Electric Power, the Eastern Wheel, the Eastern boiler and the Eastern Heavy Machine, are the company’s main subsidiaries; four construction projects, namely, the Building Capacity Development Project for Pumping Water Respiratory Energy, the Building Capacity Project for Flame Transplant Processing, the Construction of the East Volcano Digital Workshop Project, and the Construction of the East pot Digital Construction Project. This collection will raise the share of listed companies in the target companies and increase the net profit level attributable to the company’s shareholders in the listed companies, thereby enhancing the company’s overall profitability; and raising funds for investment in construction.
Projects have been structured around corporate ownership and future strategic development, with good market development prospects and economic benefits, which have helped companies further consolidate and upgrade their core competitive advantages.
1.2 Republic Energy Equipment Star: The overall improvement in financial data began in the second half of 2022, mainly as a result of the high energy and high-end equipment industry, particularly the growing demand for coal power as a support source, regulated power sources, the rapid development of renewable energy sources, the early deployment of electricity and water by companies, the extraction/nuclear power/wind power, and the emergence of industry leaders in areas such as electricity and water supply, the addition of new corporate orders of $65.579 billion throughout 2022, the same year +16.29 per cent, and the increase in the total volume in the next 2-3 years.
In addition, the company’s Māori ratio is expected to continue to rise as the commodity prices of raw materials rise, the demand for power/nuclear power restarts rises, and the renewable energy equipment business expands rapidly. In addition, the company has achieved effective control over costs, with a sustained scaling-up effect, totalling $6.777 billion in 2022, +5.44 per cent in the same year and 12.24 per cent in the same year and –1.13 ptt.
Over the year, 532 new patents, including 183 patents on inventions and 3,336 patents by the end of 2022, including 1,282 patents on inventions. Years of continuous research and development investment ensured that companies expanded from initial fire power operations to multiple courses of competition for hydropower, nuclear power, wind power, and hydrogen energy.
Financial indicators such as operating level, company cash flow, turnover, etc. have improved overall. In 2022, companies sold goods and provided services in the amount of $52,161 million in cash, the same year +15.99%. Cash collection accounted for 1.2 Republic energy equipment stars: overall improvement in financial data began in the second half of 2022 Energy equipment stars of the Republic: overall improvement in financial data began in the second half of 2022
Figure 11: Quarterly net profits versus current operating cash flows (millions of dollars) 1.2 Republic Energy Equipment Star: Overall improvement of financial data in the second half of 2022 1.2 Republic Energy Equipment Star: Overall improvement of financial data in the second half of 2022
Figure 19: Corporate control costs 1.2 Republican Energy Equipment Stars: global improvements in financial data started in the second half of 2022
Figure 23: Net assets turnover of companies 1.3 Energy equipment star of the Republic: Energy equipment spreads across the country, and companies are expected to increase their overseas share in the year that begins or follows in 2024 after large domestic investments in the current round.
New orders are new, and growth over the next two years is guaranteed. New corporate orders of $65,579 million, year-on-year +16.29%, have been added throughout 2022, up from a year-on-year high; of these, clean and efficient energy equipment and approval projects after the re-launch of nuclear power have grown significantly, wind power has been bidding has been innovative for one quarter, investment in pumping energy is expected to be high, hydrogen energy is expected to grow at a high rate in the next two years, and it is expected that new orders will continue to grow at a high rate, like fire, over the next two years.
In 2021, the company’s market share of coal hosts, water turbines and nuclear power plants reached 30%, 50% and 35%, respectively, and was one of the country’s leading providers of energy equipment. In addition, the National Energy Agency’s first solar solar thermal power demonstration project, where the company’s market share was more than 50%.
The company is the first nuclear power company in the country to have the equipment to design nuclear level 1 equipment, and has taken the lead in a million kilowatts of large-scale nuclear power. In its annual national electricity availability report for 2020, the company has ranked first in terms of the overall reliability of its power generation equipment. The company has done a great deal of research and has developed the world’s first million kilowatt-grade hydroelectric unit, the country’s first 10 megawatt offshore wind unit, and the country’s first F-class 50mw heavy-duty combustion unit. In May 2023, the company’s five products were selected for the central company’s Science and Technology Innovation (STI) flagship unit, which was developed by the State Council’s National Investment Commission’s Innovation Bureau.
Recommended Catalogue of Outcomes (2022). 1.3 Republic Energy Equipment Star: Full Energy Equipment Star: Full Energy Equipment Star: Full Energy Equipment Star
2. Power shortages: economic growth driven by technological progress and the continued growth of total energy demand. Economic growth, both internal and external, is linked to the high level of electricity use. According to the report of the General Authority for Electricity Planning, “Analysis of power supply and demand over the next three years”, the country's economy has been steadily recovering for the last three years, 2021, according to the report of the General Authority for Electricity Planning, 2022.
Economic growth of 8.1%, resulting in an increase of 10.3% on the same basis in electricity consumption for the whole of society, with a net increase of 8000 billion kWh in electricity consumption for the whole of society, 2021, well above the peak of 540 billion kWh before the 14th Five-Five, and a sustained growth trend, with electricity consumption expected to reach 8.6-8.7 trillion kWh throughout the year in 2023. We expect that electricity and other energy sources will continue to grow steadily, mainly as a result of continued global population growth and mainly in the third world countries; and technological advances leading to industrial upgrading and lifestyle changes, such as the increase in the Internet, big data, cloud computing, the spread of artificial intelligence, and the increase in per capita income.
The increase in the ratio of automation of equipment will lead to an increase in electricity use; the positive correlation between past growth rates in the global economy and rising demand for energy consumption; the need for carbon reduction policies and transformation of the energy structure, with an increase in the share of electricity in the energy supply and the replacement of part of the oil, gas and gas; and the transfer of foreign industries from the receiving countries of China and the United States to the mainland. Thus, in line with our current stage of development and the 14th Economic and Social Development Goals, the combination of multiple factors has led to a tightening of electricity supply and demand in local parts of the country. On the demand side, in addition to the rapid recovery of manufacturing, there was a cold winter surge in 2021-2022 and continued high temperatures in summer.
Rapid growth; on the supply side, sustained reductions in fire power approvals and too rapid contraction of coal production capacity since the 13th Five-Year Plan have constrained power supply capacity, owing to the multiple difficulties associated with the expected wear and tear of water caused by high temperatures up the Yangtze River. As a result, electricity supply tensions will increase over the next three years.
Figure 32: Increases in energy demand commensurate with future global economic recovery Figure 33: Visible global oil/gas supply gap since 2018, and contraction of coal. 2. Power shortages: economic growth and technological advances drive continued growth in total energy demand
2.1 Fire power reboot: National Fire Power Approval Re-speed, Electricity Substrate and New Energy Mush Rush, 2023 National Electricity Supply and Demand Analysis Forecast Report and Analysis of Electricity Supply and Demand over the next three years, published by the China-China ITU. Electricity supply is tight and electricity is rapidly warming. By the end of 2022, coal power generation accounted for 58.4 per cent of total full-calibre electricity generation, and coal power should be accelerated in a safe manner, guaranteeing that 140 million kilowatts of coal power will be produced on schedule for the next three years.
The Energy Work Guide 2023 states that accelerated construction of new power systems, enhanced energy supply security and enhanced fossil energy access. According to data from the General Institute of Electricity Regulations, new energy sources are expected to have a reliable additional guaranteed capacity of less than 40 million kilowatts over the next three years, which, in combination with the instability of new energy sources, will have an impact on the way the power system operates, and the capacity of coal power to secure power is shown to require more flexibility in regulating and modulating the frequency of peaks. We have less than 50% of coal power installed, producing about 60% of electricity, and carrying more than 70% of the peak.
In the context of the “double carbon” scenario, we have further proposed the promotion of coal power “tri-change connection.” If properly implemented, coal power “tri-change” will greatly contribute to the construction of new power systems and to a clean, low-carbon transformation of energy sources. The “tri-change” is a three-step technological adaptation for coal power units: energy-saving carbon reduction is designed to reduce the consumption of coal and CO2 emissions by coal power units; and heating is provided by:
In order to enable coal power units to absorb more heat loads and achieve replacements for inefficient, high-emission decentralized small boilers, flexibility has been adapted to allow coal power units to further upgrade their capacity for load regulation, release more power space for new energy sources, and help the grid to operate safely and steadily. According to the National Coal Power Rupling Implementation Programme, coal electricity was reduced to no less than 350 million kW during the “14th Five-Year” period on a scale of no less than 50 million kW for heating, and the flexibility to adapt to 200 million kW.
2.1 Fire power reboot: Domestic fire power has been authorized to pick up again, power supply substrate and new energy has been increased by 2.1 Fire power business: product technology leads both ways, fire equipment is expected to face a full rise in the volume of orders. Our fire and electricity market is more than 85% concentrated, and companies are one of the largest producers of domestic fire and electrical equipment, with over 30% of the medium- and large-scale electricity market and more than 30% in 2021.
The power station boiler, the main product of the equipment, has a market share of 65.97% for power station turbines and 51.56% for turbine generators, respectively, and is in the vanguard of the industry. The parameters for the company's fire power plants range from medium to supercritical, with a capacity of 24.42 million yuan and a Māori rate of 22.62%.
Products such as 1 million kilowatt-grade air coolers, large-cycle fluorescent bed boilers, etc. are in the forefront of the industry. In 2022, in terms of major products, the sales of turbine generators amounted to 27,298mw, an increase of 9.34 per cent compared to the previous year. The market accounted for the company's major efforts to close the core technology of the “tri-changed connection” and the fourth generation of coal energy-saving technologies had reached the top industry, with over 92 per cent of the high-voltage cylinders and over 95 per cent of the medium-voltage cylinders. With the use of new technologies such as flexible operation technologies for innovation, energy-saving efficiency, etc., the company implemented energy-saving reductions to upgrade 15 million kilowatts, 8 million kilowatts of heating and 18 million kilowatts of flexibility throughout the year 2022, with remarkable results.
Figure 43: Corporate revenue from clean and efficient energy equipment (millions of dollars)
2.3 Gas equipment breakthroughs: increasing autonomous production capacity and core competitiveness Gas power generation is more prominent in the context of rising carbon and wave and new energy penetration rates, and installed capacity is expected to increase rapidly. Emissions of CO2 and other pollutants from gas generation are significantly reduced compared to coal-fired electricity generation, with the advantages of a more regulated range, shorter construction cycles, simpler operation and more flexible operation; gas power generation is sustainable, more reliable and better regulated than renewable energy, and can effectively compensate for power generation between renewable energy sources.
The Ministry of Planning and Development of the Federation of China and Telecommunications predicts that in 2025 and 2030, the national gas and electrical installation will reach 1.5/235 million kilowatts. The gas and electrical installation capacity of the country will be 10,859 million kilowatts in 2021, with a larger space than the target load of 2025 and a greater demand for combustion equipment in the future. The company has the capacity to design, manufacture, install, calibrate and post-sale services for the gas and steam combined cycle (gtcc). Since 2002, it has been working with Mitsubishi, Japan.
In November 2022, the country’s first autonomous development of a heavy gas turbine, F-MW, was officially completed and is now in the engineering application phase. The company’s plans to speed up f- and self-propelled gas involve design optimization and serialization, the promotion of medium- and small-scale engine batch quantification of commercial applications, and meeting the market demand for heavy fuel engines, J-F.
In April of this year, the company announced its intention to raise $85 million for a project to upgrade the manufacturing capacity for engine rotor processing, which will create self-contained intellectual property rights, upgrade the self-contained capacity of key components, break foreign nuclear power: approval of high volume innovation and market for new power.
According to China's Nuclear Energy Industry Association, China's Nuclear Energy Development Report 2022 and the National Energy Authority's 14th Five-Year Plan for a Modern Energy System, the capacity of nuclear power to operate is about 70gw by 2025. The share of nuclear power in our power structure is about 10% in 2035; the share of nuclear power generation in our power structure is about 20% in 2060, which is comparable to the current average of the Oecd member countries. According to the National Energy Authority, nuclear power accounted for about 10% of the country's electricity generation in 2022.
4.72% of the total installed capacity, or 2.17% of the total installed capacity, will continue to grow as the target nuclear power sector continues to grow. After a national power supply strain in the summer of 2022, nuclear power will be fully restarted, investment in nuclear power will be accelerated, and nuclear power equipment will be expected to be fully operational in the future. 5 nuclear power projects approved in 2022, with a total of 10 nuclear power units, have risen since 2009; investment in nuclear power has also increased significantly in the last three years, at an average rate of nearly 30%.
25.55gw, the largest global scale. According to China's Nuclear Power Development Report 2022, during the “145” period, the country will maintain the pace of approval of 6-8 nuclear power units per year. With the resumption of nuclear power, the focus will be on the coast and the new generation of technology.
Table 5: Domestic power generation structure (gwh) 2022, figure 50: Nuclear power generation and share of power structure (gwh)
3. Nuclear power: a high level of innovation in the approved volume and a high level of innovation in the approved volume and a market for new power
The national production of nuclear equipment is a major trend, with companies leading the way in the production of nuclear equipment.
The capacity to manufacture nuclear power station mains equipment and conventional island turbines sets has created a complete industrial chain from nuclear island masters to regular island engine units, with the company ' s products covering two generations plus, three generations (epr, ap1000), autonomous three generations (Walong I, Nation and Number 1, cap 1400), four generations of nuclear power (high-temperature cooling reactors,
The safety and performance indicators for the three-generation nuclear power generation, developed by the company itself, have reached an advanced level of international three-generation nuclear power technology with complete autonomous intellectual property rights.
The overall market for the island’s main equipment and engine units is the highest, with supply and delivery leading, with the city accounting for more than 35% of nuclear power equipment. Companies are deeply involved in the construction of three generations of nuclear power units in the country and are expected to benefit from growing demand for nuclear power in the future.
Table 6: Progress in the construction of nuclear power plants and technical routes 4. Pumping energy: Addressing global storage pains, the continued growth in the size of installed machines, the continued growth of total global storage capacity, and the mainstreaming of pumping capacity.
It was measured that by the end of 2021, the global aggregate capacity installed amounted to 209.4gw, +9.6 per cent by the same year, and 18.3gw, +181.5 per cent by the same year, with a global total of 180.5gw, or 86.2 per cent of the total size.
By the end of 2022, the country’s total storage capacity was 59.4gw, +37.2% of the year’s total, and the savings kept China’s storage capacity at the top of the market.
Because of the high geographical requirements for extraction and the need for adequate water resources and high-lying poor environments, the south-western region of the country, the river basin of the Great River River, is suitable for construction.
Figure 59: Size and growth rate of domestic reservoirs (gw) 4.1 Pumps are economically efficient and have continued to grow in size
In 2022, domestic companies completed 14 300,000 kW pumping units, which produced 47.6 per cent of the total hydropower unit production in 2022, representing an increase of 14.9 percentage points compared to 32.7 per cent in the previous year. By the end of 2021, the size of the storage unit was 43.4gw, of which the total size of the pumping plant was 36.39gw.
The total number of planned pumping sites was 814gw by the end of 2021, with a total of 97.92gw under construction; 48 approved pumping storage projects with a total load of 68.90gw in 2022, with a total investment of 451.4 billion yuan, and 9.10gw in production. By the end of 2022, the total number of planned extraction sites nationwide was 166.92gw, with a capacity of 45.49gw and an authorized capacity of 121.43gw.
Almost twice the size of the previous 55 years, which was 1.9 times the total authorized size during the 13th Five-Year period. In the first quarter of 2023, the national capacity for additional hydropower grids was 2.71gw, of which the conventional power supply was 1.21gw, with a pumping capacity of 1.50gw; by the first quarter of 2023, the national capacity for pumping water accumulated was 46.99gw, and according to the ITU forecast, 2023 was projected.
Figure 61: Accumulated installed capacity of domestic hydropower (gw)  Additional installed capacity of hydropower 4.1 pumped water with high economics and continued growth in installed capacity
4.2 The pumping power storage equipment technology is leading, the Eastern Electric City accounts for nearly 50% of the pumping energy demand is continuously released, the company's water turbine fleet is well developed, the industry is stable, and it is expected to benefit from the pumping of electricity. According to data from the General Hydropower Institute, the Pumping Energy Division, the unit static investment cost for the pumping plant approved in 2021 is approximately $5,367/kw, of which the ratio for the highest mechanical equipment and installation works is about 26.1%, and its unit investment cost is about $1,400/kw, and the cost of future construction is expected to increase further.
Up to the end of 2020, the end of 2021 and the end of 2022, hand orders were 22,304 million yuan, 22,288 million yuan and 26,703 million yuan, including 9.42 per cent for cagr, the main clients of which were large power companies such as the national electricity grid and the southern grid.
The company, with its diverse products, technological leadership, and excellent performance, can provide a wide range of hydropower equipment, including hybrid, trans-fluorescent, axle flow, shock, etc., and is the first company in the country to have the capacity to develop and calibrate water pumping units simultaneously, representing the highest level of domestic water energy generation and utilization in ultra-high-water pumping technologies. The company provides high-end hydropower products for major national projects such as the Goi Dam, the Three Gorges, the River Rover, and the White Crane Beach. The company produces one of the most complex crane units in the world, with a single generation capacity of 1,000 mw, with an efficiency of 99.01% of generators.
In 2021, the domestic market was maintained at around 50 per cent, with a marked increase from 41 per cent in 2020. In 2022, the company earned 2,489 million yuan, 0.51 per cent of its total revenue, accounting for 4.5 per cent of the total revenue, and sold 2730 mw of water turbines. Among the projects planned by the company were the upgrading of the capacity of the Eastern Electric power plant to implement the main water-pumping capacity.
The project, with a total investment of $968.68 million, is intended to raise funds of $45.00 million, and after its implementation it is expected that 25 additional units will produce an annual capacity per year, which will help companies increase their market share, expand their product coverage and further enhance their competitiveness.
The transformation of clean energy has become a top priority in the country's double-carbon policy practice in the electricity sector, with wind power being the focus of energy transformation development, and domestic wind investment returning to fast-growing orbits. By the end of 2023, the Federation projected a national grid-connected wind power of up to 430 gw, the size of which for the first time exceeded the size of the hydroelectric loader, and will continue to be high-speed. According to wind power ad hoc cwea, by the end of 2022, the cumulative installed capacity of wind power reached 365.5 gw, an increase of 11.2 per cent over the same period, of which wind power on land was 335gw, sea 30.5gw; and new installed capacity of approximately 49.8gw, land-based, 44.7gw, sea-based, 2022 year-round.
China has been ranked as the largest single market in the world for wind power for 13 consecutive years, maintaining a 40-50% share of the global market, and the Global Wind Energy Council gweb expects China to continue to lead the global wind and power market. According to the Wind Energy Commission, in 2022, the country’s wind and power tender volume was around 100 gw, most of which will be delivered in 2023.
According to the China Wind Resources Yearly Bulletin 2022, 70-metre-high wind energy resources were better in 2022 in most of the three northern regions, the Qingzhou Plateau, etc., but in 2022 the country’s wind energy resources were normal and small in comparison with the last 10 years. With the acceleration of the energy transition and the release of the wind-loader demand, the country’s wind-fired electricity is expected to be better off in 2022, with the global wind-loading capacity of 85.7gw in 2022, compared to the previous 10 years.
By the end of 2022, the cumulative export capacity of wind power was 11.93gw, covering 49 countries and territories; of these, the additional export capacity was 2.29gw in 2022, a decline of 30.30 per cent from the previous year. The main reasons for the decline were the large fluctuations in the price of raw materials and the impact of epidemiological factors.
5.1 China’s wind and electricity lead world, with rapid growth in the demand for installed aircraft, figure 73: number and value of our wind and electricity exports (gw, billions of yuan) figure 72: number of hours spent and utilization (hours) of wind and wind power nationwide
China’s wind and power fleets are growing globally, and demand for installed machines is growing rapidly. 5. Wind and power technologies are advanced and are in the forefront of the industry 5. There are significant technological advances in the wind and power industry in the country.
The country’s land/sea wind unit has a maximum single capacity of 9mw and 16mw, respectively, up significantly from 4-5mw and 10mw in 2021. The long beams are connected to the line, and the most recent foliage wheels have reached 200 metres in diameter. The company’s wind products are at the forefront of the industry, both in the domestic market and in technology.
In 2022, the measures taken by companies to reduce their carbon emissions were concentrated in wind and wind operations, and the company's eastern wind and wind company took the lead in completing the country's first 10mw-class carbon footprint assessment, analysis, leading the same type of wind engine, achieving a single 10mw wind unit reduction of about 560 tons of Co2 equivalent in its life cycle.
248 tons. In addition, the company received the Global Best Leaf Gold Award, the 10mw Class Marine Wind Generator Group ' s iec Design Certificate, which became the first in the country, the second in the world to obtain the certificate. The company ' s wind revenues in 2022 amounted to $12,193 million, a decrease of 3.37 per cent, or 22.03 per cent, in comparison with the previous year. New winning orders, 5599.5mw, and higher innovation, accounted for 7.4 per cent of the country ' s total.
The hydrogen energy industry has diversified applications and is an ideal industrial raw material and storage medium. Hydrogen is more abundant in the Earth (mainly water) with a theoretical energy density of about 2.4~2.7 times that of gasoline and natural gas. It can be used as an ideal storage medium in the future to meet the multi-sectoral needs of transportation, civilian heating, power storage, chemical raw materials, etc. The current use of hydrogen is mainly in the form of chemical raw materials (e.g., for synthetic ammonia and methanol), industrial protection and cooling gas, hydrogen blending and storage in civil gas, which account for more than 90% of applications.
Electronics are more powerful than other elements, hydrogen can partially replace the storage function of lithium/sodium batteries, and can be promoted as an excellent secondary battery storage cut-off to sectors such as commerce, transport, electricity and heat. The main method of working is to power hydrogen-fired engines and fuel cells, which are usually recharged (storage) through electrolyte equipment.
This will require technological clearances, national development of raw materials/core parts/key processes, and, in part, capital-intensive investments. Currently, the domestic policy drive is directed primarily to the creation of five model cities, starting with special scenarios such as commercial/specialized vehicles/engineering machines, and moving to future applications in the area of vehicles and storage.
Figure 80: Hydrogen/hydrogen energy industry chain collating 6. Superhydrogen energy: technological revolutions, thousands of miles, final energy industry, tens of thousands of homes, Table 8: Hydrogen Fuel Cell Vehicle Demonstration Urban Clusters
Figure 82: The hydrogen gas/hydrogen energy industry has been productive for many years, with sustained and increasing policy momentum
2012.07 The 12th Five-Year War 2019.03 Government Workers 2022.04 The 14th Five-Year Energy Science and Technology Initiative
Development Plan for the Development of Electric Motors (863 Plan)
For the first time, a hydrogen fuel cell vehicle has been incorporated into a new strategic national strategy, promoting new large-capacity storage, hydrogen and fuel cells.
Technical road maps for hybrid/pure power/fuel cell vehicles and quantification have been established to facilitate the transfer of results
Industry focuses on the promotion of new energy vehicles Critical technology equipment is completely breached to prepare/store hydrogen gas power cells/drivers/multi-energy power aggregates
Busting and commercialization; support to power cell, fuel electrical/resort and fuel cell equipment and systems integration/hydrogenization and parts and components research test base, construction
To promote the construction of facilities such as hydrogen, to focus on the control system, to promote industrialization, to build the entire industrial chain, and to achieve revolutionary breakthroughs.
Building Industrial Technological Innovation Alliances. Key technologies, such as total control, are included in the priority tasks.
2022.03 Long-term planning for the development of the hydrogen energy industry
2016.11 “13th Five-Year National Strategic Science and Technology Development Plan”
(2021-2035) Clear target: 50,000 fuel cell vehicle holdings by 2025 with mixed/pure power/fuel cell vehicles established
Global Competition for Building Fuel Cell Vehicles Model Urban Clusters, Pushing Power Batteries Industrial Chains (2006-2020)
Demonstration applications of new technologies, new models, vehicles, formation of an innovation system for the hydrogen energy industry by 2030
Power, system-propelled fuel-cell vehicle development and the green-energy hydrogen supply system; by 2035, the hydrogen-energy industry will focus on the total power control system, and push forward.
Building the chain of the fuel cell vehicle industry, promoting the car as a priority for scientific and technological development Industrialization, mass production by 2020
Technology R & D and industrialization of the links, covering transport/storage/industry multiple areas, and demonstration applications of scale.
Superhydrogens: The technological revolution has built up a thousand miles, and the ultimate energy-assisted industry, and the global hydrogen-energy market, is experiencing dynamic changes in supply and demand patterns. According to the International Energy Agency, by 2021, the global annual hydrogen capacity was about 94 million tons, with fossil-fuel hydrogen.
However, global demand for hydrogen energy is growing rapidly, with global demand for hydrogen energy projected to exceed 130 million tons by 2030. To meet this demand, hydrogen production capacity needs to be significantly upgraded and renewable energy needs to be further scaled up.
We are the largest hydrogen-producing country in the world, with abundant hydrogen sources and extensive applications, rapidly expanding in such areas as fuel cells, chemicals, and hydrogen storage energy, and rising hydrogen production is expected in the future. According to coal,
According to the Carbon Industry Association, the annual production of hydrogen in 2022 reached 40 million tons per year, an increase of 32% in the same year. Against the background of the double carbon target, the hydrogen energy industry is growing rapidly, demand is rising steadily, and our annual demand for hydrogen is expected to rise to 3,715,000 tons by 2030.
By 2050, the annual demand for hydrogen will reach about 95 million tons, and the market size will have expanded to 754.2 billion yuan, thus showing the prospects for the future development of our hydrogen energy industry. According to the International Energy Agency ' s " Global Hydrogen Review 2022 " , Global Hydrogen Energy Demand 2021
For 94 million tons, the current dominant global hydrogen production model is hydrogen made without ccus (62 per cent) and hydrogen produced by industrial by-product (19 per cent), natural gas restructuring is currently the most economically efficient form of hydrogen production, and production of hydrogen in the United States and Europe is largely dependent on natural gas restructuring.
In 2022, our industrial hydrogen production was approximately 3,781 million tons per year, guaranteeing the initial needs of the hydrogen-energy industry, laying the groundwork for the industrial development of hydrogen energy and fuel cells, of which 62 per cent were rapidly growing and the green hydrogen production capacity increased accordingly.
6. The hydrogen energy industry is growing rapidly, and there is wide room for future growth.
In 2019, the company established the first hydrogen energy industry fund, and in 2022 the Sichuan Innovative Hydrogen in Sichuan province, led by the Eastern boiler, became the first innovative consortium in Sichuan province. The company’s emerging industrial sectors include, inter alia, hydrogen and fuel power cells, power-control industries, smart manufacturing, storage cells, environmental industries, and new materials. In the case of hydrogen and fuel cell blocks, the company’s main business includes applications of membrane electrodes, reactors, hydrogen supply systems, fuel cell engine systems, etc.
The company has accumulated nearly 10 years of development experience, with a full range of core technologies and autonomous intellectual property rights, such as membrane electrodes, fuel cell reactors and vehicle fuel cell motors, and has continued to expand and expand its hydrogen energy technology, focusing on fuel cells, storage and assembly technologies, successfully developing a 270kw high-power fuel cell engine system, successfully completing the first global direct electrolysis test of seawater at sea by wind and desalinating the in situ hydrogen at sea, achieving new breakthroughs in the business model of hydrogen and wind synergy with wind and obtaining orders for glyphs and hydrogen fuel cell engines. The company has the capacity to produce 1,000 fuel cell engines, 3,000 m2 of film electrodes annually, and completes the inter-hydrogen-city passenger contract.
In 2022, the company’s newly growing industrial plates achieved business income of $10,977 million, an increase of 34.31 per cent, and a Māori rate of 14.22 per cent, or 19.83 per cent. In 2021, the company’s hydrogen energy and fuel cell operations achieved business revenue of $101 million, an increase of 19.26 per cent, or 0.21 per cent, of the company’s operating income, which was almost equal to the previous year; and a gross profit of $47,051.6 million, representing an increase of 46.58 per cent, or 4.07 pt, compared to the previous year.
1. Fire power: In the context of the reboot approved by the Fire and Power Project and the rise in demand, the technology and market occupancy of the company ' s fire and electrical products are in the leading position in the market and are expected to increase at full cost; 2) nuclear power: the country has made significant efforts to promote clean energy construction, low-carbon clean energy needs such as nuclear power are strong and companies ' autonomous nuclear equipment is maintained in the lead; 3) gas power: the importance of gas power in the use of peak power security, the company ' s power generation is advanced and its operations are expected to continue to benefit.
4) Hydropower: The company's total large hydropower plant design and manufacturing technology is a global leader and has a strong competitive advantage; 5) wind and wind power: the wind and power industry maintains a high profile, changes in energy structure contribute to better demand for wind and power units, companies have advanced wind and power units with autonomous R & D capabilities, and new and more innovative bid orders have been added throughout the year. 6) Corporate operations include global power station project contracting, upgrading, operating maintenance and international trade, and large equipment products and services are exported to nearly 80 countries and regions, with major markets including South Asia, South Asia and South Asia.
In South-East Asia, Central Asia, the Middle East, Europe, South America, etc., orders have grown steadily as firms further develop international markets and widen their channels.
8) Companies are active in creating new performance growth points, developing new industries such as hydrogen energy, storage energy, smart manufacturing, expanding product applications, focusing on core bottleneck technologies such as fuel cells, hydrogen production technologies, etc.
Table 15: Comparison of hydrogen energy equipment with the valuation of the fuel cell industry
▪ Unexpected foreign fire power, nuclear power approval or installation; increased interest rates by the Federal Reserve have led to higher costs of overseas funds and reduced demand for the entire industry  Changes in the price distance of raw materials have resulted in significant fluctuations in profits  The decline in overseas energy prices has affected alternative new energy demand and the re-establishment of valuation systems
▪ Unmaturity of new technologies affecting the breakdown of the overseas supply chain of core spare parts from industry extension equipment suppliers, affecting the pace of delivery Short-term capital games in secondary markets, block rotations, sovereign debt defaults in major overseas economies and devaluation of the renminbi, among other factors, triggering a wave of stock sales of foreign surplus stocks
In 2017, as a core member of the team and in the area of automation, there was continuous in-depth research in the fields of space, medical equipment, steel, etc.
The manufacturing industry, with in-depth research on science and technology and cycles, has established a research framework on “China's manufacturing investment cycle”.