Center for Resource and Environmental Research Focalizing, Gasification Double-Smoothing, Smoothing Performance Releases A quarterly report issued by the company on 18 April, yielding operating income of $6,515 million in the first quarter of 2022.
31% increase, resulting in a net profit of 1.746 billion yuan to the mother, or 1.06% increase over the same period. Overall operations were stable during the quarter, and product price differentials were partially repaired, as expected. Corporate operations were relatively stable during the quarter, with a slight drop in sales of the ring of the AFO product, but an increase of about 9% in the same year, with an increase of about 9% in the focal point.
In the first quarter of the year, the prices of raw materials and coal for the company increased by 48 per cent and 128 per cent, respectively, depending on the cost, and the price of the company ' s products was reduced by 1.
The rate of Māori in the corporate product as a whole was about 39 per cent in the quarter, and the ring was higher than in the fourth quarter of last year, and the price difference, while not returning to historical highs, was partially repaired.
Focalization, gasification, double-line layout, is expected to further reduce the volatility of a single product. The company is a coal-chemical company, producing the flagship, and the production line layout covers coal cokering and gasification, while the proceeds are concentrated and gasated, 2022123.
Double-line layout, the company’s overall performance is significantly weakened by the volatility of single-product profits. During the quarter, the company’s coke prices remained relatively high, but coal prices showed upward trends, with gasification price adjustments, and oil-led increases in the price of acrylic hydrocarbons, corporate coal.
The price of the production of acrylic acrylic acrylic acrylic products has recovered, smoothing the volatility caused by the single-line layout. At the same time, the self-sufficiency of the public administration in the field of coke has significantly reduced the price of raw materials for the company’s products.
The bi-wheel drive of coal-chemicals, the booming growth of capacity, has led companies to achieve better profitability in relative industries.The photovoltaic hydrogen project has provided room for company development, creating long-term competitive advantages, and short- and medium-term projects have continued to fall.
The company uses its own forward-looking layout and geographical advantages to replace fossil energy in small quantities through the Green Hydrogen Project, through continuous technological optimization and scale-up, reducing the impact of products on production costs, and in the long run, the company can use not only green hydrogen.
To gain room for growth, the future carbon-emitting costs will also gain further competitive advantage. And short-term companies will have sustained capacity release, with 3 million tons of coke in the company this year gradually paying off, and the Ningdong III, IV, and Inner Moon projects are expected to follow each other, leading to sustained growth.
Chenyi3@gjzq.com.cn yangyiying@gjzq.com.cn
Risks such as large fluctuations in raw material prices, the impact of double carbon policies on new project approvals, and less than expected project start-up. Analysis of relevant report rating ratios in the market, followed by an average calculation of the final rating as average market investment