It's quite obvious that there's a huge amount of energy.com.tw.
A steady growth in performance, with long-term values highlighted: companies published a quarterly report in 2022, q1 achieved operating income of $6,514 million in 22 years, yoy+30.83 per cent, a net return to the mother of $1,746 million, yoy+1.07 per cent, and a deduction of non-net profits of $1,886 million.
The company is a domestic acetylene leader, with significant cost advantages, technological excellence, and advanced hydrogen industry, and will move to a more high-quality green development path in the future with a “buy-in” rating. The upturn in the price of the main business product has led to a growth in corporate revenue: the 21-year growth in corporate revenue has largely benefited.
The price of the company ' s main product rose in 22 years. q1, the company ' s main product, polyethylene, polypropylene, coke, pure benzene, retrofitted asphalt, mtbe outlet, respectively, was 7677.28, the company ' s polyethylene, polypropylene, coke, pure benzene, modified asphalt, mtbe, respectively.
The rise in the price of raw materials affected Māori and cost control was significant: the average purchase price of raw materials was equal to the average price of gased coal, refined coal, power coal, kerosene and crude benzene during the reporting period.
The product portfolio is rich in construction projects and the integrated layout deepens the cost of moating the river: the company has pre-positioned, the construction project is rich, followed by 3 million tonnes/year coal co-carrying multi-product projects, which are expected to release capacity this year; Ning Dong-Tung San
The 500,000 tonnes/year coal-based and 500,000 tonnes/year c2-c5 integrated use of HFOs projects have been steadily moving forward, including 250,000 tonnes/year-oldeva devices, Methanol and HFO projects planned to be completed by the end of 2022, the eva installations completed in 2023 and 250,000 tonnes of capacity planned in Ningdong IV;
The 4x1 million tonnes/year coal-based hydrocarbon demonstration project is accelerating the Circulation Review, which is expected to be completed by 2023. The degree of integration of the company’s industrial chain is further enhanced, and the cost advantages are becoming more apparent.
The demonstration project for the storage and application of electrolytic hydrogen has been completed. The project's annual production of 240 million “green hydrogen” and 120 million “green oxygen” will provide direct access to chemical installations to replace raw materials, coal fuel, hydrogen and oxygen, with an additional reduction of coal resources of about 380,000 tons per year and carbon dioxide emissions per year.
Since the beginning of the year, 30-40 new electrolytic tank hydrogen units have been added to service each year, adding about 300 million units per year of green hydrogen production, further increasing the company's long-term value in the context of “carbon neutrality.” The report was prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... were not made by ... individual customers.
All or part of the report is printed for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare the report is reliable, but the information in the report has not been independently verified for audit.