The CEP process is re-started, the inside moon project is expected to accelerate its landing. The inside moon project is expected to accelerate its landing. The "buy-in" rating is maintained.
On April 26, 2022, the People's Government of Inner Mongolia Uxin issued the Second Public Impact Assessment for the Green Hydrogen and Coal Industrial Co-ed Carbon Reduction Innovative Project for New Materials with Limited Coal in Inner Mongolia, which marks the substantial progress of the first phase of the environmental review of the Bosun energy project, known as the Model Project.
The demonstration project was optimized on the basis of the original "4*1 million tonnes/year coal-based hydrocarbon demonstration project phase 2.6 million tonnes/year of coal-based hydrocarbons" and, in the absence of consistent coal consumption targets, increased methanol production and CO2 emission reductions were achieved through a combination of wind-light hydrogen reserves, green hydrogen, green oxygen coupling and modern coal-chemicals.
The demonstration project is expected to be a new profit growth point for the company, and we maintain a profit forecast.
* 3-generation dmto technology & proximity to coal production, with significant economic efficiency gains from 3-generation dmto technology: the model project core device dmto uses 3-generation technology with a single series of 1 million tonnes/year to convert 2.65 tonnes of pure methanol into 1 ton of acrylic hydrocarbons.
Compared to the Ningdong base Ferocarbons project, the consumption of the monocarbons decreased by about 10% and the corresponding coal consumption by about 0.4 tonnes, and the cost of the Flyers fell by 265 ton in 2021 at an average gas-chemical coal price of 662 ton.
The model project is located in the Oldos coal-rich area, where coal freight costs are expected to decrease by $80/ton, and the cost of the acetylene is expected to decrease by 320/ton. Based on the company ' s 2021 acetylene acetylene 2733/ton, Mäori is expected to reach 3317/tons after the demonstration has reduced efficiency gains, if the production of the acetylene acetylene production is calculated at 3 million tons/year.
In other words, Māori is expected to reach $9.95 billion and a net profit of $7.17 billion, and the company is growing very strongly.
The project uses the Green Hydrogen Oxygen Recharge programme, which adds 250 million m3 per year to the green hydrogen supplementation programme, with the top 10 year green hydrogen supplementation, which is profitable and high-growth in the main industry - tons of tonnes/year, with a carbon emission reduction effect of 0.7 tonnes of co2 per year, if carbon emission rights prices are based on 200 tonnes/ton.
Corporate Insight Report - Insight Series IV: Feeding materials to reduce the cost of HFOs by approximately $145 per tonne. Also, considering green green oxygen, the project consumes 1.83 tons of coal/tons of coal, which can slowly fall, and the growth of the HC head -
Acrylic hydrocarbons, about 23.6 per cent lower than Ningdong base, about 135 yuan/tonne lower cost of recombinant hydrocarbons, 840 million yuan/year greater efficiency gains for coal-chemicals, and significant efficiency gains in emission reduction.