In 2024, nuclear power approvals entered the normal state twice as much as expected. The “buy-in” rating is maintained, taking into account the oligarchy of the company’s nuclear power industry and its stronger technical capabilities.
On 27 April 2025, the regular National Conference approved five nuclear power projects with a total of 10 nuclear power units, eight of which used the Hualong 1 technical route, and two of the company's three-phase nuclear power projects were approved. Since 2022, the regular National Conference has approved 10 million kilowatt nuclear power units each year for four consecutive years, and nuclear power has entered the normal phase.
By the end of April 2025, we had approved 54 nuclear power units under construction/to be constructed, of which 33 were Hualong I. Capacity-building in the context of energy transition rhythms, coastal plant storage and industrial production is expected to continue during the fifteen-five-year period with the approval tempo of 8-10 million kilowatt nuclear units per year and with the continuation of the trend of regularized approval.
• Three generations of heat treatment are expected to increase revenue, four generations are expected to mature and expand the future growth space, and units 3 and 4 in Jiangsuda Bay can be modified to provide 4.8 million tons of industrial steam per year to surrounding petrochemical parks, nuclear energy is more economical than fossil fuels, and three generations of heat rehabilitation is expected to increase revenue.
Four-generation heat piles can be exported with higher temperatures at one roundabout, which can widen the landscape of nuclear energy applications in the industrial field; Fast piles can speed up approval of nuclear power, wind-lighted layout, use of u238 resources with higher natural abundance for fuel enrichment, and increase the use of natural uranium resources.
A new round of growth – company first-covering report. Bay high-temperature air cooling reactor (HVF) demonstration works are being built by the China Nuclear Group, the Ha Puna cold fast reactor demonstration project uses technology routes developed by the nuclear group itself, and the company is expected to continue to work as an excellent nuclear power major based on the group’s advantages.
Risk of price fluctuations in raw materials; risk of operation of nuclear power units.