Product + Services, Feeding Dragons built the moat, 06/08/2019 Research Assistant Kim Hak.
• Twenty years of high-speed development, forage. In 98, China produced water from time of age (forage industry goodbyes livestock bulges), real estate (South China is the main aquaculture producer), people and people (Xuehua Aquaculture Expert and three years of Aquaculture Academy Aquaculture Technical Services and Product Development Experience)
This pre-emptive advantage is followed by a fast-paced development process of 20 years. Eighteen years of feed sales, 17 per cent of aquaculture, 4 per cent of livestock, 22 years of feed, where are the competition barriers to seafood? 1) advanced research and development teams and ongoing research and development inputs.
(b) A strong purchasing capacity to build cost advantages through centralized procurement, futures policy coverage, feedstock trading, etc.
Multi-strategy and flexibility, such as easy and formula adjustment; 3) integrated farming technology services are constantly increasing household consistency; 4) efficient operational capacity strongly supports product specialization. At the same time, rapid connectivity mechanisms for formulation, procurement, services, and operation of the "4D" are fully demonstrated.
The key to poultry is the flexible adaptation of product formulation techniques, the advantages of procurement and efficient production (quick feedback and product rotation), which coincides with the capacity of the ocean’s products.
Multi-plate strategic layout fully exploits profit growth points: 1) Pigs increase the market over a short period of time at a value-for-money rate, long-term pre-end + service cuts into the size of the household, and pigpest shuffling is expected to blow up pig products quickly.
The annual output of 80/14 million will contribute a profit of $135.9 million; 3) move to be an integral part of the big ocean model, add to the outward the market capacity generated by the internal channels of aquatic protection, and gradually improve the layout of animal protection and increase the space for growth.
▪ Quality of statements, 20% + leader in industry. 1) High turnover benefits mainly from the full range of service systems that contribute to the rapid sale of products, the `four-by-one' fast-link mechanism that adapts raw material prices and market demand in a timely manner, and the quality of distributor resources and regulations.
Modeling clients can take a cash-for-money model. 2) The relatively stable and modest increase in the Māori rate is largely attributable to the cost-control benefits of research and development to support the upgrading of the product structure and the advantages of raw materials procurement. 3) Efficient operating systems put management costs at a low level in the industry. At the same time, China has a strong current.
Billion +, reflecting a strong moat for the product, taking into account that feed taps are being developed, procured, serviced, operated in a synergized fashion, covered for the first time, with 1.20 years of high-speed development.
In 1998, the Guangzhou Sea Farm Company was founded to launch a 20-year-long process of rapid development. The first phase: 1998-2007 started long-term. During the 1990s, the stormy images of animal material were gradually disappearing, and the industry began to focus on the aquatic materials in their early stages, giving rise to the birth of the Dragon Head Sea.
Specialized in Central and Farm Farm Aquaculture, followed by Professor Lin Ding, a renowned fish nutrient scientist, who took a Master's degree in animal science from Nakayama University. In 95, the Centre for the Development of Agricultural Sciences in Guangdong Province was in charge of market technology services and product development.
Central + Molecular Company's control model, which continues with the distribution of avian, kinetic and aquatic seeding plates. Forage sales of more than 1 million tons in 07, it landed in the country's top 10, and landed in a unit in 09, with 10 years of military use of pig food. Forage sales in the first five years of the country, the first five years of the year, aquatic, aquatic and water.
Since 12 years, the industry has been in the process of restructuring, but the volume of sea-big feed sales has continued to grow steadily, with the exception of 13 years of declining demand and falling profits from weather and disease, each growing at a much higher rate than the average average for the rest of the year, with a steady rise in the share of the city. Eighteen years of feed sales have been in decline by millions of tons, 17 per cent in aquaculture, 4 per cent in livestock and 22 years planned for feed.
The founder, Xuehua, is the actual controller through Guangzhou City.
The company continues to promote its policy of employee and equity incentives, and perfects its incentive mechanisms to facilitate rapid growth. In April 19th, the three-phase core team equity plan was launched, with a capital of $30,180.6 million and a target stock of approximately $1,088.4 million, or 0.07 per cent of total equity.
In the case of feed, the core water products are sold at 3110,000 tons over 18 years, and the Māori rate increases as the share of high Māori products such as inflated materials, special materials, etc.
The poultry market was saturated, with sea sales rising steadily to 5.27 million tons in 18 years and 20 per cent in almost five years; pigs, as a priority area for intensive development, were the fastest growing market sales in the last two years and 2.32 million tons in 18 years. In addition, 15 years of active stocking, with a rapid increase in production and 700,000 in 18 years; and the high Maori dynamic conservation industry.
To keep up the pace of growth, with a 1% share of income, Māori contributed 5%. What are the barriers to competition for sea-based aquatic materials? 2.1. Aquaculture is green + upscaling for higher Māori-type products such as inflated materials, specialty materials, etc.
In April of 15 years, the State Council issued an Action Plan for the Prevention and Control of Water Pollution, which led to a first drop in aquaculture in 16 years, reaching 10.8 per cent in 17 years.
Area, clearly restricted areas and restricted areas, and the removal of purse sequestering facilities exceeding farm capacity.” This was followed by work points on fisheries in 18 and 19 and the National Strategic Plan for Quality Agriculture (2018-2022), which clearly stated that farming should be carried out in order to clean up the environment and promote green ecoculture.
Production will continue to shrink, increasing the demand for high-efficiency inflated materials that will accelerate growth. Consumption will continue to optimize the structure of farmed species. 16 years of traditional fish production, such as grassfish, mackerel, mackerel, carp, mackerel, etc., have declined considerably and remain low for 17 years.
Special water products, such as squid and yellow squid, have been favoured by consumers because of their higher nutritional value, and production has been growing rapidly in recent years, at a rate of double-digit growth over 17 years. Special water products demand has led to the optimization of their water feed structures, and 17 years of special water production will further open the market space for special materials.
2.2. Strong R & D power and formulation technology for the conservation of the city ' s products continue to increase R & D inputs and actively store animal nutrition and feed formulation technologies.
The research center, more than 10 pilot sites for research and development, has a highly sophisticated research and development team of 59 PhDs and nearly 220 Masters, focusing on animal nutrition needs, feed formulation techniques, breeding of varieties and good seed selection, and healthy farming patterns. With regard to seedlings, the resilience of shrimp seedlings continues to increase, with clear advantages for their survival and output.
For feed, the feed coefficients, multiple sets of comparative experiments have improved the database so that the formula can be quickly adjusted in case of price fluctuations for raw materials, creating cost advantages in conjunction with the procurement process.
Agriculture (formerly high-end materials, such as end materials, are core products). Due to the greater technological variability of high-end aquatic materials, such as inflated materials and special materials, China will sell about 1.1 million tons of annual special materials (high-end inflated + shrimp).
With interest rates of about 18%, the expansion of demand for high-end materials as a result of subsequent changes in the consumption structure continues to lead to the optimization of the product structure, which drops from $4135/tonne to $2863/t ton/t in 15 years, with a price difference of close to $1,300/t. But the cost of feed tons for the ocean calendar year has remained at $270-3200, even if the 13-year cost of raw materials has increased by only 6%.
The cost-intensive control capacity is largely due to centralized purchases of large quantities of raw materials, futures policy policies, trade in raw materials, and synergies between procurement and formulations.
In 2006, a specialized procurement team was established. The bulk variety centralized procurement ratio was over 90%, using the “group plus regional centre” model, which maximized the advantages of large-scale procurement and enhanced the ability of regional varieties to adapt rapidly, while the remaining smaller or substandard varieties of raw materials were procured on a decentralized basis.
In terms of performance incentives, reward performance is linked to procurement price differentials. In terms of departmental communication, there is a planned management process to ensure smooth communication, information and
The Ministry of Marketing sends the plan to the Department of Procurement at the beginning of each month, usually for the current month, three months, one year. The plan is now combined with the beginning of futures trading, the gradual strengthening of the professional capabilities of futures research teams, real-time monitoring of the price trends of domestic and foreign raw materials, and the effective avoidance of the risk of price volatility through futures hedging.
By using futures instruments only to achieve position risk management rather than speculation, China ' s futures gains and losses from past years have had little impact on performance (for example, fair value change gains consist mainly of long-term, forward and currency swap operations that floated and lost 30 million in inter-valorem guarantees).
Trade in raw materials: Trade in raw materials allows for effective control of inventory, reduces inventory risk, and speeds up asset turnover. In recent years, both trading operations have seen an increase in the revenue base, which has gradually become a profit growth point.
In the case of energy-based raw materials, there is an increase in prices as the supply and demand patterns improve with the reduction in the area of maize cultivation and the removal of stocks, the ocean may use wheat more to replace the optimal mix of formulations. In the case of protein-based raw materials, the unit protein price of the vegetable and the soybean in the aquatic product is the unit protein price.
The value is almost the same and can be procured according to the price of the two proteins. Our soybean stock is as high as 85%, which increases, with the US adding 25% to the soybean tariff at 28%, leading to a drop in imports, higher domestic soybean prices, and a 6.2% rise in the price affected by the 18-year downstream soybean, which is about 3.8% lower than the price of the soybean.
In addition, expensive fish powder can be replaced with other cheap plant proteins, and the current high-end inflated fish powder in China can be reduced to 15%, well below the industry average of 30% of the total process service model to increase customer stickyness.
China has been positioning service enterprises since 06, creating “sprouts - feed - release patterns - water quality control - disease marketing teams of many people, reaching out to the ponds, farms, gathering information on end-use habits, feed-farming effects, farm models and farm demand, providing corresponding feeding and water-adjustment programmes, and matching technical resources with the needs of farmers.
The full-flow service model has three profitable links, namely seedlings, feed, and microecological agents, which are not currently income-extensions sites, but are associated with the sale of feed plates through the development of quality seedlings, and through the internal production of feed operations.
Market-driven sales, interlocking, accelerating the expansion of channels, while increasing the transfer of costs and product premiums. Figure 17: The Sea-Main Model and the Level 3 service system.
On the one hand, thanks to a digital operation, operational methods can be optimized by comparing big data from molecular companies, and, on the other hand, a process-based, standardized and efficient operating model can be quickly replicated within the group system.
In our view, sea dynasty had a pre-eminence in aquatic materials by time of time (the 1990s forage industry absconds on livestock), land interests (South China is the main water-producing area), people and (Xuehua's aquaculture expertise and three years of agricultural farm farm technical services and product development experience), and the fast-growing barriers to competition since then were: 1) high.
Advanced R & D teams and sustained R & D inputs have made their products more technologically superior than their peers, while the profit breakpoints of recent years in aquatic materials have been high-end products such as inflated materials, special materials, which have high demand for R & D technology and productive capacity; and) strong purchasing capacity has built up cost advantages through centralized procurement, futures policy, trade in raw materials, formula adjustment, etc.
A little flexibility in using: 3) Integrated farming technology services constantly improves user stickyness: 4) efficient operational capacity strongly supports product specialization. At the same time, a fast-track linkage mechanism for formulations, procurement, services, and operation of the "4D" fully demonstrates strong product strength. 18 years of sales of aquatic materials amounting to 3110,000 tons, 22 years of planned production amounting to 5 million tons, each year.
Figure 18: A fast-tracking mechanism for sea-based "four-bits" – in addition to traditional strong aquatic materials – also applies to the core competitiveness and operating patterns of sea-based poultry. Because of the high size of poultry farming, short breeding cycles and clear patterns, poultry is the most standardized of all types of feed.
High and relatively saturated markets, where farmers have a strong understanding of feed quality. So the key to poultry is the flexible adjustment of product formulation techniques, the advantages of procurement and efficient production (quick feedback and product turnover), which are consistent with the capacity of sea-based products.
In the first half of 19th year, sales of poultry increased by 30%, reaching 9 million tons in 22 years, with an average annual compound rate of 14%. At the same time, the cost of formulations is far lower due to technological breakthroughs in the development and development of pre-existing poultry materials.
In the short term, pig meat raises the market rate based on value for money, and in the long term, the end-of-service plus service has been extended to a household. The pig-food business model is divided into two types: the twin model and the Greater North model.
The front end is a core product, oriented towards a scale farm, with high technical content and high profitability, with animal nutrition, bio-safety control, and other complementary services to achieve differentiation. Pigs are a strategic development industry for the next three to five years, using a combination of twins and the Great Norther Farm model.
In the short term, the pig-breeding industry continues to be dominated by bulk farmers, accounting for about half of the total number of small households below 500 in 2016.
Over the long term, China has focused on the pre-end material layout, acquiring 60% of Shandong's shares in September 17, focusing on high-end materials such as milk-teaching tanks, high-end milk-pork concentrates, and the expectation that the future will optimize the product structure with the help of large letters, and expand the share of high-end materials such as pre-end materials, while the sea's own research and development capabilities and the location of its farming technology service system will be the same.
In August 18, 18 years, the African pigpest outbreak fell by 26.7% the same year as in June 19 – a further unprecedented drop. The outbreak of the pigpest is a greater opportunity than a challenge for the sea-based pig-powder business, although it affects the increase in pig-powder production.
But there will be a marked increase in the requirements for immunization, disease resistance, services, etc. for feed, which will also be an opportunity for China to make a productive difference, with the possibility that the pig-pesting machine will quickly ring the pig-pig brand.
Since 15 years, China has been setting up pig-breeding and is working to create a chain of pig-breeding, pig-breeding, pig-breeding, pig-breeding, and meat-processing. Eighteen years of pig-breeding, of which 200,000 are self-sustaining, 500,000 are corporate-farming, and 5 million are planned for 22 years.
At the same time, the accumulation of farming technology, services, and a pool of professionals will be well prepared for the rapid development of pig feed and the extension of the meat processing chain. Africa’s pigpest has started a new cycle of pig production, with 19 and 20 years of pig-growing plate elasticity.
At the end of July, the price of the pig exceeded $19 per kilogram, and the supply gap caused by the second half of the year was further illustrated by the addition of o4 knots/kilograms. In view of the weather, the risk of repeated subsidences of the epidemic has diminished and the overall recovery rate of success in the first half of the year.
In 21 years, the overall climate can last at least two years. Given the rise in the cost of pigpest-affected farming, the profits will be $135.9 billion, based on the 81.4 million mark in 19/20. (Note: 3.3. Keeping alive is an integral part of the large-scale model, and there is much room for growth.)
In China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China
There is one research and development centre, three production bases, and one medium-testing site under the banner, with a fast-growing microecological agent model, with an income of more than 300 million over 18 years, with the city accounting for about 7% of the total, making it a leader in the industry.
The market, which is generated by internal channels, has a capacity of 1.5-20 billion (3 million tons of aquatic inputs to 1.5 billion markets) and pre-mixing products. In March 13, 50.5 million people acquired 100 per cent of the Institute of Modern Agricultural Group Studies in Guangdong, and in May 15, 107 million people acquired 67 per cent of Kawashiro (fowl-preventive vaccine products), gradually expanding the livestock-motivated layout.
China’s advantages in the field of dynamic conservation are mainly derived from a wide range of feed customers, strong product research and development capabilities, and excellent technical service teams. There is still ample room for raising the market share of the internal channels of aquatic protection, and the opening up of external markets after the introduction of new business models will contribute significantly.
However, the gradual improvement of the chain layout of the pig industry will increase the amount of support products, which will generate 1 billion dollars, or nearly 20% of the city's income. The quality of the statements is high, with 20% + the industry leading by 20%.
In terms of liquidity, China’s asset turnover is at the core of its absolute advantages. The high-week transition has largely benefited from: 1) the full range of services of “springs - feed - seeding - water quality control - disease control”
Construction, which contributes to the rapid marketing of products: (2) formulae, procurement, services, and the operation of the “four-by-one” fast-track linkage mechanism, allowing for the timely adjustment of raw material prices and market demand; and (3) attracting high-quality distributor resources and scalding clients through product power and services, allowing for a pattern of cash-out, with a better turnover of receivables than the same industry.
In terms of Māori rates, the sea Māori rate has remained relatively stable in recent years, with a small increase to about 11%, mainly due to the development of support for the upgrading of the product structure, strong cost controls over the advantages of raw materials procurement, and increased product value addition in the whole process service system of the aquatic chain.
The poultry Maori rate is in the lead, while the aquatic Maori rate is around 15% (after the natural technology, which uses specialized materials as its core business, and it is also expected that the sea-wide aquaculture rate will increase as the product structure further upgrades), and the poultry-origin rate is around 6%. Pigs, due to their late entry, are now dominated by medium and large pig matter, and are associated with forward-food companies such as Great North.
There is a gap, but there is much room for subsequent upscaling as high-end operations move forward. At the cost end, the ocean management rate (which excludes R & D inputs) is low in the industry and has remained below 2.5% in recent years, benefiting from an in-house efficient operating system.
In addition, China has a strong cash flow + a healthy asset liability structure. Since 14 years, it has been operating at over 1 billion dollars per year (except for a drop in 17 years to 500 million, which is mainly due to raw material reserves, a 26 per cent increase in sales over 18 years would justify a strategy). At the same time, the asset-liability ratio has remained middle in the industry, with 1.8 billion additional long-term borrowing for 18 years.
It is worth noting that in recent years the sea level of pre-receivables has remained at 1 billion +, reflecting a stronger moat for the product. Sub-operations: 1) Forage growth has been steady, aquaculture markets have continued to grow and product structures have been optimized.
In the second half of the year, it is expected to be phased out, and pig-powder development accelerates. (2) The new cycle of pig-raising benefits from the internal channels of the hog price, and gradually expands the market as a whole. 27.3 x 20.0 x 16.3 x, taking into account the development, procurement, services, operation and synergy of feed taps,
Natural disasters and risk of epidemics: The livestock sector is clearly affected by natural factors such as weather, floods, and diseases such as avian flu, swine plague, etc., will also affect livestock stocks, which in turn will have an impact on feed sales. Price fluctuations in raw materials: price changes in large raw materials such as soybean, fish powder, maize, vegetables, etc. will have a direct impact on feed.
Ben, at the same time, raw materials such as soybean and fish powder are closely linked to price trends on the international market, so that international trade factors will not adjust their products as expected: aquatic materials may encounter technological, channel and other barriers to upgrading to high end materials such as inflated materials, and pigs may also encounter less than expected when they move into larger farms and raise the share of the front end materials.
Risks of uncertainty in pig-breeding: pig-breeding is a strategic follow-up to the sea, which can affect performance elasticity if the pig comes out and the price is not as good as expected. Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the China Securities Supervisory Board, already has a securities investment advisory committee