Wei Hongmei.
The company was established in 2004 to develop, produce and sell the main aquaculture and animal feed, and to develop the whole chain of production, such as protection, animal seedlings, livestock farming and healthy foods. The marketing of aquaculture and animal feed is the company’s core business, with 80% of the revenue.
Forage products include water feed, poultry feed, pig feed, etc. The company now owns nearly 300 subsidiaries, a central institute, and more than 10 mid-testing bases, with more than 20,000 employees. In 2018, the company sold 10.7 million tons of feed, the top three in the country.
Our feed industry has a large market space and potential for growth in the future. Our feed industry began in the 1970s. During the 12th century, our feed production was the highest in the world, accounting for some of the world's feed staples on September 27, 2019.
In recent years, the volume of feed production has continued to expand, but the rate has slowed from two digits to single-digit levels. The total production of the feed industry has been rising. According to the Chinese Association of Feeding Industry, the total value of the feed industry in 2018 was 887.2 billion yuan, an increase of 5.7 per cent over the same period;
Gross operating income is 868.9 billion yuan, an increase of 6% over the same year. Our per capita meat consumption is below the world average and in developed countries.
There is a clear competitive advantage in the company. A full variety: the company enters fresh water, fish, shrimp, inflated fish, seafood, special aqueous materials, etc., on the basis of a mixture of aquariums.
In 2018, the company produced 10,650,000 tons of feed and sold 10.7 million tons. The company sold second only to new hope and second only to the industry.
After new hopes: Aquatic sales are among the top in the industry: pig sales are among the top five in a company, covering mainly priority farming areas. The company has plant layouts in the main farming areas, mainly in the form of “Medium Heart Plus Moleculars”, local production, local marketing of feed products, and technical research.
Specialized support and integrated management is being provided to branches and subsidiaries by centres such as courts, procurement centres, financial centres, factory operations centres, marketing centres, process and information management centres, human resources centres, etc.
In the long run, companies have a core competitive advantage and continue to promote the development of the entire industry chain.
The company is one of the leading feed companies in the country.
The company was established in 2004 to develop, produce and sell the main aquaculture and animal feed, and to develop the whole industry chain, such as physiotherapists, animal seedlings, livestock farming, and healthy foods. Forage production is the company’s core business, with a share of about 80%.
Animal seedlings are mainly water seedlings, such as shrimp and fish seedlings. After more than two decades of development, the public administration has nearly 300 subsidiaries, a central research institute, and more than 10 mid-testing bases, with more than 20,000 employees.
In 2018, the company sold 10.7 million tons of feed, the country's top three.1.2 The first phase of development began with a new five-year plan in four phases: the 1998-2002 phase.
In April 1998, the Mermaids Company was set up in Hubei to start full-price production. In 2001, the company’s water-premises market was the country’s largest. In 2002-2003, it established the Guangzhou Tanyakawa Feeding Company, the Beacon Seamount Feeding Company, and the Guangzhou Haiwei Feeding Company.
Second phase: rapid growth from 2003 to 2007. In 2003, the Big China Group set up a management model for “group professional centres plus molecules.” In 2003-2005, Sioux, Chengdu, Yooyang, Tai” was established.
State-owned companies such as China-China, China-South, China-East and South-West, have accelerated the deployment of markets such as China-China, China-South, China-East and China-South. In 2007, the company was set up to start producing seedlings. Phase III: the second phase of the flight, 2008-2011. In 2009, the company landed a share.
In 2011, the company, in collaboration with the Sino-Chinese company, set up the Viet Nam Lillong company and marched abroad.
In 2013, the company acquired the Guangdong Modern Agricultural Group Institute, the Guangzhou City and the Biopharmaceuticals Company, which began research and production on animal vaccines, veterinary medicines, aquatic microecological agents, and animal microecological agents. In 2014, the conservation industry grew.
In 2018, companies sold more than 10 million tons of feed and increased their profitability steadily. The South China market, which continues to be the dominant region of the country, has increased the share of cities in China, China, China, and China, and has increased the development of new areas such as North, North, and Northeast, and continues to develop overseas markets.
The company’s controlling shareholders are the limited public division of the Guangzhou City Haijong Investment, which is owned by its founder’s team, holding 57.6% of the company’s shares. The actual controlling person, Xuehua, holds 22.9% of the company through the Guangzhou City Haijing Investment Company Ltd.
2. There is a potential for growth in the market space for the feed industry in the country in the future.
2.1 Our feed industry is the largest and the largest in the world. Our feed industry began in the 1970s. In 2011, we jumped above the United States to the top in the world. During the 12th and 5th years, our feed production was the highest in the world, about the world.
In 2018, total national feed production reached 228 million tons, an increase of 2.8 per cent over the same period. The gross domestic output of the fodder industry rose steadily. According to the Chinese Association of Feeding Industries, the total national feed industry produced 887.2 billion yuan in 2018, an increase of 5.7 per cent over the same period; and total operating income of 868.9 billion yuan, an increase of 6 per cent over the same period.
The per capita consumption of meat in our country remains high, and the demand for feed continues to rise. In 2017, the average consumption of meat was 26.67 kg/year for our entire population, of which 29.21 kg/year for urban and 23.61 kg/year for rural residents, respectively. The per capita consumption of meat is still low compared to that of developed countries.
The organization-FAO Agricultural Outlook data show that global per capita consumption of pork, cattle and sheep was 34.66 kg/year in 2017 and 68.36 kg/year per capita consumption of pork and sheep in the country, compared with 32.2 kg/year per capita consumption of pork and sheep during the same period. Due to differences in consumption habits, per capita consumption of pork is higher than per capita consumption of pork in the world.
But per capita consumption of beef, poultry, and lamb is below the global average. Compared to developed countries, per capita consumption of pork, cattle, poultry, and lamb is lower than in developed countries.
The trend towards large-scale farming has led to an increase in feed coverage. We now have more than 90% feed coverage in the chicken and egg industry, and there is less potential for scalding development to boost feed production.
The share of farm farms below the 50th and the 500th and the oversized (over 50,000) is only 0.001%. The share of farm farms in the United States in 1982 was about 56%; in 2010 it was over 95%; and in the country it was over 10%.
According to the State Council ' s September opinion on stabilizing the production of pig production and upgrading the transition, support for pig-producing areas will be stepped up. By 2022, the rate of farm-based scalding will reach 58% 2.3% of the country ' s feed industry.
According to the statistics of the National Association of Feed Industry, there were about 7047 feed processing companies in 2016, with an average capacity of only 29.7 million tons per plant, well below the average for the feed industry in developed countries.
The twin groups, which produced 1.715 million tons, 10654,000 tons and 10 million tons of feed in 2018, accounted for 7.5 per cent, 4.7 per cent and 4.4 per cent of total feed production, respectively, and cr3 accounted for about 16.6 per cent, compared with the concentration of 30 per cent in Germany and Japan.
The company, which began with a mix of water products, has reached the highest level in the country after three years, and has so far maintained its position as a leader in the aquaculture sector. On the basis of this mix, it enters the fields of fresh water fish, shrimp, inflated fish, marine fish, specialized aquatic materials, and so on.
Avian and aquatic feed, full variety and balanced structure. Figure 10: Company distribution of different varieties of fodder in 2018 (%) Figure 11: Company sale of different varieties of fodder in 2018 (tonnes)
In 2018, the company produced 10,650,000 tons of feed, and the industry as a whole increased its sales rate. The company produced second only to new hopes, and second only to the industry. The company ' s feed products consist mainly of poultry, water and pig feed.
The scale is among the highest in the industry: more than 2 million tons of pig food is sold, the size of which is among the top five in a company, and the product structure continues to be optimized. Aquatic feed continues to be optimized. Distribution of popular granules such as grassfish, mackerel, pheasant fish has slowed.
In 2018, the sales of fish for special water products such as bass, raw fish, mackerel, goldfish, etc. grew by nearly 40% in comparison to the previous year, and have grown at a high rate for several years: lobster forage increased by more than 100% from the same time. Companies are already at the forefront of the market for special fish products.
During this project, the company increased its feed production line by 102 lines, of which 42 were inflated. The expansion of feed production can be better addressed in recent years.
This campaign is expected to produce a total additional 2.9844 million tons, which will further increase the company’s livestock and aquatic feed production capacity. Basic coverage of priority areas is provided.
The business model, local production of feed products, local marketing, and technology research institutes, procurement centres, finance centres, factory operations centres, marketing centres, process and information management centres, human resources centres, etc. provide specialized support and integrated management to branches, subsidiaries, etc. for the procurement of raw materials, product formulations, technical guidance, etc.
Other major farming regions, such as East, North and East China, as well as overseas markets, such as South-East Asia, have been able to plant and develop local markets in a comprehensive manner. South China is the company’s core market, accounting for more than 50% of revenues, and has been growing steadily in recent years.
3.3 The advantages of R & D are striking, with cumulative investment exceeding 1.5 billion yuan. In 2018, R & D investment far exceeded the new promise of better feed patterns compared with a share in a company listed in the industry.
In 2018, the number of research and development personnel increased from 307 to 1,200, with 59 PhDs in nutrition, microbiology, biochemistry, biotechnology, genetics, farming, veterinary medicine, biology, clinical veterinary medicine, etc., and 220 masters in highly sophisticated research and development teams.
By comparison, the number of corporate R & D teams is second only to the number of straight-state S & T teams, the second highest in the industry. Figure 16: Corporate R & D expenditures and their share (billions, %) Figure 17: Number of company R & D personnel and their share (persons, %)
The company has a research institute, three research centres, more than a dozen research and development pilot bases, and has set up "Seven Poultry Conservation and Services Centres, Quality Management Centres, and Experimental Resource Management Centres.
Access to the API core technology of 233 items, of which 162 are patents, 56 are patents for practical applications, and 15 are designs. The AIP core technology of 233 is acquired, of which 162 are patents for inventions, 56 are patents for practical applications, and 15 are designs for appearances.
3.4 The extension of the whole industry chain makes use of large-scale procurement advantages to develop raw materials trading operations. Companies make use of large-scale procurement advantages to reduce procurement costs. Companies form specialized procurement teams based on market segmentation and provide incentives to link bonuses to raw materials procurement price differentials.
Establishment of a special raw material information research unit to track, study, and judge the movement of large domestic and foreign raw materials in real time. The company will turn in the bulk of the raw materials it needs, such as maize, soybean, fish powder, cotton and vegetables, through the Group Purchasing Centre, after arranging the procurement plan and conducting commercial negotiations, to sign a procurement contract with the supplier.
The company took advantage of its own procurement advantages to develop its raw materials trading operations and expand its new performance growth points. The company's raw materials trading has been growing in scale in recent years. In 2018, it collected $4,875 million in raw materials trading, extending to downstream pig farming.
Mainly, the company provides farm heads with seedlings, feed, vaccines, etc., which they must produce, and agrees that the main techniques of the farming process are to be completed by the farmer heads and the company recovers the finished products for sale. The company also has a partly self-sufficient production base, which will further expand production in the future.
In the first half of 2019, the company produced 390,000 pigs, an increase of 30%.
In the first place, some 340,000 pigs are purchased from abroad. Company farming systems, farming techniques, and stock-keeping are improving, and farming operations are expected to develop rapidly.
The company has a strong service system and good internal distribution channels, and has a strong brand base. In 2018, the company launched the construction of a South-East Asia Aquaculture Safety Plant, and future sales of Aquaculture Security in South-East Asia will be a new light for growth.
The company’s domestic industries, such as pig vaccines and veterinary medicine, have been in stock for many years, and there is great scope for its own business development in the future and for supporting the development of animal feed.
The company’s gross interest rate, net interest rate, and net asset rate have continued to rise in recent years. The company’s Māori rate is at the same level as that of the sw feed industry compared to the share in the industry’s listing. But the net interest rate is significantly higher than the net interest rate in the sw feed industry, mainly because of the sudden cost-control capacity.
Out, the time-cost rate is lower than most comparable companies, and lower than the sw feed industry. The firm’s net asset yield is far ahead of comparable companies, largely because the total asset turnover is significantly higher than comparable companies.
Receivable turnover efficiency is at a medium level compared to industry, but better than in the sw feed industry. 4. Investment recommendation: maintenance of recommended ratings.
In the coming year, growth is expected to pick up as the catch-up line rises. In the long run, companies have a core competitive advantage and continue to promote the whole chain of industry.
The rating system's “market index” refers to 300 indexes. I have a qualification or considerable professional competence in portfolio investment advice granted by the Chinese Securities Association, and I have a hard-working, professional attitude and an independent and objective presence.
This report is produced with knowledge. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.