Silver International Securities and Wise Investment Corporation research -- a (601012ch)
The overseas expansion is intended for the United States market, and Lungi announced a 100% equity acquisition for Ningpoi. Ningpoi owns 3gw batteries and 7gw components in Vietnam. The deal will take place in full cash, with an initial exchange of 1.78 billion yuan.
By that time, the acquisition will raise the average sales potential of Lungi's components, and we think that the trade valuation is very attractive. After completion, management expects the merger to be completed by July-August 2020. When the deal is completed, we think that Lungki will have Xiaochuan Xiaochuan.
The target company, Ningbojie, a new energy source (Ningbojie), has 3gwperc batteries and 7gw double-sided component capacity in Viet Nam, and has been a major player in the last few years.
According to Lungi management, Ning Boye has advanced perc battery lines, a good cost structure, and sufficient orders to support surrogate production in 2020-21. Lungi management explains that the speed of expansion is a major consideration in this merger and purchase transaction.
The acquisition of overseas capacity expansion saves 18 months of the build-up cycle and is similar in capital to self-build inputs. It is intended for the US market.
The premium is driven mainly by the downward cycle of tax preferences in the US, the tax option (see pages 2-3 for specific analysis). The acquisition of additional capacity in Viet Nam will help Lungi to raise sales to US components; 2) avoidance of 301 tariffs (25%) and double counter-tax (4.1%) on sales to US components; and, more importantly, 3 sales to the US.
The surface component will still be exempted from the 201 tariff (20% in 2020). The sale of the American component will be supported by the average price and profitability of the entire Lonji component. Management hopes to raise the volume of components sold in the United States from 1.1gw in 2019 to 3gw in 2020. We measure the export of the American component to the Lungi team.
Ningpoi will achieve a net profit RMB 247 million at 9m19, implying that the value of the transaction will be less than seven times the 2019 market surplus. Given that the M & As will benefit Lungi from sales to the United States, we believe that the trade will build on market leadership. We believe that M & As will accelerate the expansion of Lungi’s sales of downstream components.
We're going to build on the company's profitability and its current leading market position. We're going to run the firm's auditors: PricewaterhouseCoopers, the American component sales premium.
According to the “nrel2q/3q2019 solar energy industry dynamic,” the price of single crystal photovoltaic components in the United States is 52% higher than the global average. The high premium in the United States market can be explained in part by 201 tariffs (the tariff scale from February 2020 to February 2021).
The rest of the price is driven mainly by a project-loading of 30% tax concessions for the U.S. Photovoltage project. According to pvinfolink mono-crystal component price data, the price premium level for U.S. photovoltile components was increased in February 2020 to 82.2% (US tariff-bearing price: $ 0.410 vs. Eurofob at $ 0.225 per W).
On the basis of recent price pricing for remote supply components in different regions, we have compared the 201 tariffs with the double-inverse and 301 tariffs involved in the export of Chinese components. We have found that the level of the US component sales premium can be roughly explained by the additional tariff levels associated with the export of Chinese components.
Nrel estimates that, by the end of the third quarter of 2019, the South-East Asian region had a double-faced single crystal component production capacity of about 11-15gw, which is below the current market level of demand for 18gw components. We believe that marginal supply from the Chinese market will continue to support the market’s market sales premium level.
The sales premium will continue around the end of 2021. As America’s photovoltaic tax policy is implementing a year-by-year downside, with business projects dropping tax rebates to 10% by 2022, while household projects are dropping to zero, we expect the U.S. photovolt will continue to expand in 2020-21.
Figure 4: Distribution of U.S. Component Imports by Tariff Structure: Figure 3: Number of U.S. Exported Component to U.S. in the first half of 2019 compared to U.S. Imports: Figure 5: U.S. Photovoltic Downside Schedule