We're going to have to do something about it, and we're going to do something about it, and we're going to do something about it, and we're going to do something about it, and we're going to do something about it.
Hold(down) targetprice (previoustp)
Up/downside longdirectedstrangeningview, stateingnetprofittosurge95.5-107.2% crrentprice
I'm not going to be able to do this, but I'm not going to be able to do it.
Weexpectwaferasptodeclineby 11.0% yoy, while moduleasptoreduce17.2%in202020.asweexcompetificationbecomes robinxiao
Intenseforthwaferandmodulesales, we turniveprudentonlongi's shareperformance. wedandredandorongtoholddraddingdespiterifyingfy20e epsby 7.4%.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to do this, but you're going to be able to do it, and you're going to be able to do it.
Overallgpmforwardmodulewouldbe ~32%and~25%respectivelyin fy19.webelievethhoseguileswouldsignignificant higherpeers, indicatinglongi'sssoperioscostscontroroadoperatingefficiency.longi's
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
1q20, supporting real highsellingprice, butpricewillkillleyface pressressasmorenewcapabilitystarts production, whichwillshiftmarket situationtooversublyin2h20.
I'm not sure if I'm the one who's going to do this, but I'm not going to do it.
-Callengewithnewlydevelopedm12(210mm)products.accordingtomgmt., 6producedforless10%outputandmaintilinternal 12-mthpriceperformance
I'm not going to be able to do this, but I'm not going to be able to do it.
We're not going to be able to do this, but we're not going to be able to do it.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Intensecompetisationoutbook.weliftourpslightlyfrommb32.37tromb source:bloomberg auditor:pwc
♪ We're going to have to go home ♪ ♪ We're going to have to go home ♪
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, sir, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
It's not like we're going to have to do this, but we're going to have to do this.
Orissaerthattheanalystoveredinthysreport: (1) alloftheviewsexpressedaccrelatelyreflecthorsorersonalviewsoutthesubjectsitesecuritys orissues; and (2) nopartofofhisorcompensationwas,is,orwillbe,directordirectly, relatedtotheotherspecialviewsexpressed bytheatanalyst inthisreport.
(b) since, since, theanalystconfirsthatneitheanalystnorhis/herassociates (asdefinedinthecodeofconduced by the Hongkongsecurities andfuturescompmission) (1) havedealtinortraddinthestock(s)coveredhisresearchworldof30caldardayspriortoothetateissue ofthisreport; (2) whillldelinortradehead(s)coveredhisresearchreport3businessdayofdateofdateissueissueofissuelifereport; (3)
I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Market-perform underperform & international secretities limited
I don't know if I'm the only one who's got the right to be a part of it, but I'm the one who's got the right to be a part of it.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know if I'm the only one in the world, but I'm the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's got the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's got the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one.
I don't know, this reportoranyinformation containeherein, therebeenpreparedbythecmbis, solelyforthpurposeofsuppplyinformationtotheclientsof & bisoritsaffiliate(s)tohomitistaction.thisreportisnototandsouldnotconstruedasanofforservicetobuyorsellanysecurity ornyinterestinsecuritiesorenterintoanytransaction.nether and bisnoranyofitsaffiliates, shareholders, agents, curators, offices, offices, offices.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I'm not sure I'm going to do it, and I'm not going to do it, and I'm not going to do it, and I'm not going to do it, and I'm not going to do it.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to do it, but I'm not going to be able to do it.
And/oronbehalfistrientsfromtimetotime.investsouldassumehat & bisdoesorseekstoveinvevevevevesmentbankingorotherbusiness relationshipswith the companyinsinthysreport.asasault, recipientssowardbeawarathatt & bismayhaveaconfclificatcoldaffedact theobjectivityofthisreportandand & biswillnotassemanyreresponsionsystems
I don't know, and that's publicity, Maynotbereproduced, reprinated, sold, redistributedorpublished inwholeorinpartforanyprposewi unpriorwritten consentofcmbis.additionalinforformationonrecommended securitiesavailableuponrequest.
i) fallingwithintentional19 (5)ofthefincialeservicesandmarketsact2000 (finalpromotion) or (asamendedrommetimetime)("theorder") or (ii)areparsfalingwithinarticle49(2)(a)to(d)("hghnetworthcompanies,
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
From, orinconnection with anotherport.