Sunkdell issued a performance forecast for 2019. The company is expected to achieve a slightly higher-than-market expectation of corporate performance attributable to listed companies by 2019.
The profitability of silicon has continued to increase, with the q4 component growing at a high rate, leading shareholders (2019 q3) The company sold about 4.7 billion silicon tablets throughout the year, an increase of about 140 per cent over the year, of which q4 was sold out.
1.3 billion pieces, the ring ratio is almost even. The company's annual rate of Māori for the silicon chain is expected to be 32%, of which q4 is about 34%, and the ring ratio is up by 2 percentage points, mainly because of the further decline in the company's nonsilicon cost and the downward shift in the price of silicon upstream.
We expect the Māori ratio of the company’s components to be about 25% and q4 to be lower throughout the year, mainly due to the continued decline in the price of the components after the start of domestic demand in the second half of the year. The domestic prelude has been opened, and the company is full of orders.
In January-November 2019, only 17.96gw was installed in the country, with little demand. According to market statistics, more than 10gw was expected to be installed nationwide in December, and the prelude to the hijacking had been drawn; given the delay in the 2019 project and the fall of the subsidy,
The company announced last week that it had signed a sales contract with Jiang Su-yang-Yun-Yin-Yin-Yin-Yin-Yung, and agreed to deliver 3.82 billion copies of the contract in three years from 2020 to 2022, with an estimated total contract value of 40gw-50gw.
With about 9gw component orders, demand for the first half of the year is more visible, and silicon supply ends are expected to open, and it is expected that the first half of the year 2020 will be a slow season, and we will maintain a corporate “growth” rating.
In addition, any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, and will not be, the specific recommendations or observations in this report.
The company is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.