Resource and Environmental Research Centre q4 with high profitability re-innovation, expected to outperform performance in 2020
At the end of the year, a steady increase in the value of the domestic stock grab and the sale of products contributed to a high return on profits in the q4 season. The company’s q4 units continued to operate below expectations, but it is expected that the q4 countries will still be in a significant position, given the delay of 0.01/degree price penalty for grid access. According to the latest research data, the country’s grid is expected to outsize in December.
The domestic market’s delayed start-up q3 profitability, 10gw, reached around 30gw in the year. We believe that the domestic market’s over-intended loading at year’s end enabled company q4 domestic component orders to achieve a high proportion of delivery and revenue recognition, which boosted q4 performance.
"The main reason for the expected expansion of the debt swaps, the consolidation of the vanguard supermarket, and, at the same time, the second phase of Silicon Stick/Grown-Lonki Incident Review, in Yunnan, where the company began to climb in September. "
Silicon production capacity, as well as market prices for products with a relatively stable ring ratio, have also contributed to performance growth. q1 Q1 has continued to improve steadily in light seasons, and single crystal silicon prices have been better than expected. We expect the country to grow at a faster pace than expected.
In addition to the high demand for component refilling in the inner-December grid project, which is still pending in the 2019 bid, and the strong demand for back-up at the end of March, the domestic loading will be on top of the 2020 policy 4.
The component plant q1 orders were filled, supply and demand for single crystal silicon increased in January compared to December, and the city's two-quarter recovery in profitability reconfirmed the scene.
Switching to single crystals. In our annual strategy, we suggest that the downward pressure on single crystal silicon silicon is less than the second half of the year and more than expected, and that the probability of this judgement being realized is now rising.
Future profit growth: the company has recently announced several silicon/component expansion projects, which will continue to grow faster over the next two years: silicon operations are expected to gain new cost advantages from the feed-up and silicon costs, thus maintaining higher profitability levels; component operations are expected to develop across the board this year, with the end of the year.
The end-market “big-to-big” pattern is formed, with head-assembly firms expected to gradually gain over-profit space (details (8621) 61357595; see annual strategy report): these factors create the potential for companies to outperform their performance in 2020 and will be expected to achieve a higher level of profit.
We maintain the company's 2019-21 net profit forecast of $52,688.3 billion, corresponding to the ps.
1.37, 1.80, 2.20 to maintain the “buy-in” rating; after averaging the final rating as the market average investment, taking into account the current silicon price outlook and company scores