Performance over-expected, production combined with a single, orderly expansion of capacity Events: Corporate performance forecast for 2019 issued on 17 January 2020, expected to accelerate real capacity expansion in 2019, stable future orders: Up to the beginning of 2019, company proposed expansion projects were as many as possible
Sixteen, with a total investment of approximately $31.317 billion, are expected to expand production planning targets for silicon sticks, silicon/cells/assemblies.
The company's targeted silicon income over the next three years, measured at a flat unit price of 2.70, is up to 300 indexes of relative depth.
The price of single crystal silicon tablets has remained stable. According to pvinfolink, 180 μm of single crystal silicon tablets are now more expensive than 1.54 yuan per piece, compared to 0.99 yuan per piece in the same period last year, an increase of 55.56% over the same period last year.
Involving downstream batteries, components, and enhancing company competitiveness: the company has further stabilized monocrystal silicon by actively laying down downstream electricity, ponds, and components. The company pushed in 2019.
The data cut-off date: 16/01/20, 166 mm silicon. By improving the layout of the upstream and downstream industrial chain, the company's competitiveness was achieved.
The company’s own battery and component capacity alone, as measured by its current capacity, will generate about 15 gw of silicon demand. (601012) First coverage report _aaa_technology and production.
It's an advantage to build a global monocrystal integration leader, Wang Smin, to draw and keep up with the record, and we look forward to the company's long-term development and give it to 2020.
Risk factors: international trade protection risks; domestic industrial policy risks; market competition risks: management risks associated with the expansion of operations. Risk of falling prices for silicon and components.
According to the company's announcement of nearly a year of expansion, we have initially calculated that from the beginning of 2019 to the present, the company's proposed expansion plans include silicon sticks 22gw, silicon 75gw, battery 10.25gw, and component 20gw. Previously, the company developed a target capacity of silicon 65gw, battery 20gw, and component 30gw for 2021, which is expected to be combined with current capacity.
By 2020, the target will be met ahead of schedule, and capacity will be expanded further by 2021. The company’s ability to maintain high-speed expansion will consolidate its position at the forefront of the industry and expand its market share.
The company's future orders are strong, and by the beginning of 2019 to date, it has signed five long silicon stock contracts, which will contribute more than 8.25 billion pieces over the next three years. At a price of $2.7 per piece, the currently locked silicon sales revenue is 22,275 million yuan, an average of approximately $7,425 million a year, exceeding the company's revenue from silicon for the entire year of 2018.
Three, the single crystal price is strong, companies will be profitable in the future, companies will always stick to the single crystal route, and for many years the single crystal silicon silicon silicon output has remained at the top of the industry. The price of the multi-silicon silicon silicon has fallen sharply this year, while the price of the silicon silicon silicon is stable, and the price difference between the two increases gradually.
At the beginning of 2019, the price difference between 180 m monocrystal silicon and polycrystal silicon was 0.99 yuan per piece, and the price difference has now reached 1.54 yuan per piece.
By actively opening overseas markets, companies have significantly increased their overseas output of components, which has led to a high upturn in domestic light this year. Against this background, the company’s future performance is high, as global demand for light is gradually increasing.
Risk factors: international trade protection risks; domestic industrial policy risks; market competition risks; management risks arising from the expansion of the size of the camp. Risk of falling silicon, component prices.