Investment rating: purchase (maintenance) 2023.6.29 late, company announcement of July mdi ' s markup and China area polymer mdi ' s tag
The price is $18,800 per ton (no change from June); the price of $23,300 per mdi has dropped and downstream demand has yet to be followed up.
Ma, Dong Cao, among others, is in the process of overhauling, affecting a total of about 1.2 million tons of equipment. In June, the mdi start rate was 54.19 per cent, which is tight compared to the May drop in the start rate of 13.81 pct, mdi cargo. At the demand level, the demand for mdi downstream is still weak, but the climate is still in the bottom zone.
The company prices compared to the depth of 300, the downward trend in polymer mdi, the change in refrigerator/freeze/car yields, respectively, in May, and the improvement in the price hub in the second half of the year, with the expected recovery of Kim 9 in demand.
● Polymermdi exports remain high, mdi supply patterns are stable over time. In May, it exported 10.94 million tons, with 10.19 per cent ring rise, and in January-May, it exported 51.82 million tons, an improvement of 17.99 per cent, especially to Russia and Russia.
The Middle East has improved considerably. In the context of the downloading of overseas installations and the shutdown, we expect future demand in Europe to remain weak, but the increase in exports from Russia and the Middle East will guarantee a high level of polymer mdi. In addition, the company buys smoke stations, a base of 400,000 tons of mdi.
With a view to coming into production by the end of 2022, Ningpo Base plans a new 30+300,000 mdi project, the future pattern of competition in the tdi and mdi industries will continue to be positive, and the company's voice in polyurethane will move forward with the new materials project, which is likely to grow at a faster rate in the future.
The company ' s new material plate industrial chain and project planning were better developed, with the company ' s 40,000 tonnes/year nylon 12 project officially launched in the fourth quarter of 2022, with a sub-stream nylon 12 elastomer, to be used in the nylon 12 industrial chain. The 50,000 tons of phosphate lithium project is expected to be operational this year, with 60,000 tons of HFC.
The environmental evaluation of the lithium phosphate project, together with the establishment of a joint laboratory in collaboration with the Tibetan mining industry for the development and production of salt lakes, high-value-added products, is expected to result in the creation of whole-industry chains of lithium, materials, resources, and recycling in the future. 48,000 tons of lemon and derivatives are expected to come into production in 2024.
At a time when the lemonite, vitamin and spice chains will be connected, the 200,000-ton poe project is expected to come into production in the first half of 2024 and will be the first industrial plant in Poe.
Businesses, while also meeting downstream photovoltaic-level demands. Multiple projects of the company are launched to accelerate progress, with long-term profitability. 2. Performance in the first quarter has improved significantly, and new materials are in the future.
In-depth assessment of the MFW Annual Report on Chemistry: Cost implications. MSC is the world's leader in polyurethane, new energy sources, spices, poe, semiconductors, declining profits, accelerating production growth of new materials.
(b) New material projects, etc., are accelerating and are expected to continue to have high capital investments in the future, with a performance hub with (1) the risk that project construction will not progress as expected; (2) the risk that project approval will not progress as expected;
(3) The risk of significant price fluctuations for raw materials; The use of legally compliant information, the independent and objective production of the present report, the data and information used in the present report are based on publicly available information on the market, the accuracy or completeness of which I do not provide any assurance, nor any change in the information and recommendations contained in the report.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.