On 14 April, the company published its first quarterly report, 2023, which generated operating income of $41,939 million, an increase of 0.37 per cent compared to the previous quarter; realized a net return profit of $4,053 million, a decrease of 24.58 per cent compared to the previous period; and achieved a deduction.
q1 achieved business income of $41,939 million (Yoy+0.37%, qoq+19.33%) and net return to the mother of $4,053 million (Yoy-24.58%), and quarterly performance improved significantly over the last four quarters, benefiting from a recovery in the sale price of some products.
At the same time, the cost-rate ring ratio ranged from 1.66 pcts to 5.36% in the lower rows. Sales increased in each product series, and PUR product prices improved.
On April 9, the company announced that it had recently obtained a centralized declaration from the operators of the National Directorate of Market Supervision, agreeing to the company’s intention to acquire giant shares in the smoke station. The National Directorate of Market Supervision agreed to operate it.
Among the additional restrictions on concentration are, but are not limited to, the average annual price of tdi to market customers in China after the transaction has been completed, if the terms of the transaction are equal, not higher than the average price for the first 24 months of the commitment date (30 March 2023).
As of March 30, 2023, based on data on chemical re-entry, the employer passed the contract.
In 2021, according to an announcement by the Directorate-General of Market Supervision, the total market share of Mandarin chemistry and tobacco stations in China was 35-40 per cent; and in terms of capacity, Manchurian chemistry was fully invested.
At present, there are six major competitors in the tdi market in China, which has been reduced to five, of which the top three competitors will have a combined share of 75-80%.
The company is investing in high-end polyolefin projects to further improve competitiveness. The company plans to implement phase II of the ethylene garden, with the construction of 1.2 million tonnes/yearly ethylene and downstream high-end polyethylene projects.
Industrialization of high-end polyolefin products, such as poe, non-differentiated specials. The planning project covers approximately 1215 acres and consists mainly of construction of 1.2 million tonnes/year ethylene fission units, 250,000 tonnes/year low-density polyethylene (ldpe), 2 x 200,000 tonnes/year polyolefin elastomers (poe), 200,000 tonnes/year
The project plans to invest RMB 17.6 billion in the form of self-financing and a bank loan portfolio.
The project has been approved by the Provincial Development and Reform Commission of Shandong and is expected to start in October 2024. The company now forms a three-pronged cluster of polyurethane, petrochemicals, fine chemicals, and new materials.
By producing chemical products, companies are expected to take a further lead in sustained growth. Companies are expected to export less than expected; domestic macroeconomic recovery is less than expected; prices of raw materials are at high risk; industry competition increases the risk; and force majeure events such as natural and man-made disasters occur.
Note: The “market index” of this rating systema has a depth 300 index of reference; the three new three-board reference point is a three-board indicator. The owner is only fit to use a study with a risk level not higher than the “middle- and low-risk” level, a “stable” investor to use only a study with a risk level not higher than the “medium-risk” level, a “positive” investor to use only a study with a risk level not higher than the “medium- and high-risk” level, and a “radical” investor to use the various risk levels of our Division.
This report is presented independently and objectively, within the limits of what is known, in a diligent and professional manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc.. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have not used the offer.