The company outperforms its expectations for sustained recovery and long-term growth in the quarter.
On 14 April, the company issued its report for the first quarter of 2023, at $41,939 million (+0.37 per cent) in the first quarter of the year and $4,053 million (or 24.58 per cent) in the net return to the mother.
We continue to watch the company grow in the long term, and I'm going to flower, and I'm going to start a new project in the future that will drive the company to grow in performance and maintain a “buy-in” rating. 2023q1 polyurethane plate ring ratio is up, mdi price differentials are up, and the company's Māori sales rate is restored.
According to company operating data bulletins, sales of 2023q1 polyurethane, petrochemicals and new materials series of products achieved 111, 317, 350,000 tons respectively, ring + 6.73, +54.63 per cent, +29.63 per cent and sales of petrochemical and new materials products increased significantly, of which petrochemical products were mainly due to trade volume and their sales were priced equally.
The daily chemical network statistics calculate that the average price difference of 2023q1 is about $12,065 per ton for the country ' s combined mdi, which is 481 yuan per ton/ton increase over the ring, and that the profitability of the mdi price and price difference recovery-led companies has increased. q1 companies sell 17.53 per cent Māori, with net interest rates of 10.46 per cent, as compared to 2022q4.
• The company ' s new project is well-stocked and intends to acquire a huge smoke station, consolidate the tdi industry, lead the company to grow, and the industrialization of key technologies such as the company Lemon and Poe is well under way, with 1.2 million tons of ethylene and downstream high-end polyolefins (including poe) approved in August 2022 and are currently under construction.
New energy-related investments have created new technological platforms, such as battery recycling and salt lake lithium. On April 9, "The low spots are coming back, new projects are coming up more than a day, companies announced that they have recently received a centralized endorsement from the operators of the National Directorate of Market Supervision.
Flowers for Future Growth - Company Information Update agreed to the company's intention to further consolidate the tdilong by acquiring a huge stake in the smoke station, acquiring a huge stake in the smoke station, and further consolidating the tdilong.
Headlines. The company’s new multi-base project is well under way, steadily expanding along the industrial chain, and I, “The third quarter of the company’s performance is under pressure, looking at the medium- and long-term, looking at the continuation of the company’s medium- and long-term growth attributes and moving towards a globalized industrial giant.
Growing Properties Renewal - Corporate Information Update - Ethylene II Project approved, 400,000 tonnes of Poe items industrialized - Corporate Information Update Report