Slanwa (600460) Electronic performance is gradually improving, semiconductor layout is ahead, and southwest securities research and development centre
A 22.9 per cent increase in the net return to the mother was $84.4225 million, or 243.8 per cent in the same year, and $6.2616 million in the net return to the mother, resulting in a positive gain. The gradual release of productive capacity led to a significant increase in the Māori rate and a negative net profit.
The growth in corporate performance was mainly due to: 1) the growth in integrated circuits and separation devices of about 17 per cent compared to the same period last year; 1109,000 chips were produced in the first half of the year by subsidiary Slander, a 14.9 per cent increase in the same year; the product structure was further optimized at the same time; the Māori rate of chip manufacture was significantly increased; and Sland made a net profit equal to the profit of the same year.
159.5% increase. 2) With the further release of capacity, the production and sale of the Led chip from the Slander core of the subsidiary increased by 53% on a year-on-year basis, resulting in a net profit of $9.3 million from a net loss of $26.4 million during the same period last year. • 8-inch chip line construction is progressing well, and new platforms are being introduced to improve competitiveness.
The chip production line project has entered the experimental production phase and is expected to be imported into high-voltage integrated circuits, high-speed mosfet, igbt, etc., in the second half of 2017, and into the mass-production slope phase. Emerging markets, represented by auto electrons, medical security, electrons, material networking, storage products, etc., are growing rapidly and serving the semiconductor market.
The launch of the 8-inch chip line will improve the productivity of the company’s industrial competitiveness by effectively increasing the capacity of Slade’s integrated production. The mems sensor creates bottlenecks that are expected to break through.
Up to 3 million units per month, the company will further expand the containment capacity of the mems sensor. The Department is seeking $800 million for the mems sensor manufacturing extension, mems sensor encapsulation, and mems sensor testing capability enhancement projects, which are expected to generate $870 million per year in sales revenue for the company after delivery.
The contribution of $9.849 million in post-tax profits will lead to sustained profit growth for companies. Profit forecasting and investment advice. Based on the semi-annual performance, we have adjusted the forecast of corporate profitability upwards, and it is expected that the net return profits will remain at a compound growth rate of almost 57% over the next three years.
The Idm Enterprise, as new process and capacity bottlenecks break out for new products, continues to develop for the future of the company Slanwa (600460): the Idm model is scarce, mems assumes that 2: the company's 8 inch chip line is working well, and production is expected to climb gradually in 2018, importing more integration.
On the basis of the above assumptions, we project the cost of sub-operational income for the company for 2017-2019 as follows:
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.