Three-quarterly review of 2025: q1-q3 performance continued to increase, and platform-based layout accelerated by 51.50 billion yuan, compared to +29.4 per cent, mainly because companies benefited from Chinese semiconductor industry equipment requirements
Resurveillance and notable success in new customer outreach and market development. During this period, the company achieved a net return of $1.27 billion, compared to +67.0%; net profit deductions amounted to $1.11 billion, together with a slight increase in inventory and an operational cash flow ring ratio: as at the end of 2025q3, the company’s contractual liability was
The cash flow for camp activities is $70 million and the ring comparison is positive.  Equipment such as platform-based layout cleaning, plating, coating, etc., is expected to benefit fully from the additional cleaning, plating needs of hbm: companies insist on the battles of “technology differentiation” and “product platforming”
(i) Cleaning equipment: the company's own cleaning equipment in Shanghai (688082): Mid 2025.
Over 30%, with saps, tebo sound cleaning techniques and tahoe high-temperature sulphate cleaning : 2025h1 performance continues to increase, platform fabric technology has reached international leadership, single crystal high-temperature spm for next generation semiconductor devices
Equipment has been successfully certified by key clients. (2) plating equipment: the company has delivered more than 1,500 electric plating cavities with a 3D stacked plating device capable of handling 3dtsv and 2.5dinterposer at depths wide relative to copper plating; the forward Damascus copper interconnection plating equipment is applicable to the 3d structure finfet,
“Shanghai, United States of America (688082): 2024 Report: process required for dram and 3dnand; back-track plating equipment meets copper, nickel, tin, silver, gold, etc. plating processes in Pilarbump, rdl, hdfan-out and Tsv. (3).
High performance in 2024, as a result of the company's platform chemistry, stand-up tube equipment: lpcvd has been certified and produced by a number of fabs, and ald has been continuously certified on the client account. (4) Placing equipment: company's ultralith coating support kit
The optical processes, including i-line, krf and arf systems, are currently being validated on the client. (5) Pecvd equipment: the teos and sin processes have been validated on the client. (6) Incompetent cmp, etching devices are expected to be imported into the client for verification.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: The company ' s main business continues to grow + the product category is expanding, and we have become eligible for portfolio investment consultancy with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.