In the field of semiconductor cleaning equipment, according to the source.
According to gartner, the global market share of companies is 8.0 per cent (high fourth place in the world).
In March of that year, company-owned monocrystal high-temspm devices were successfully validated by key customers and were of great value to the next generation of semiconductor devices. In addition, the company's saps sound-wave single-snap cleaning equipment is now applied to logic 28nm technology.
Nodes and dram19nm technical nodes, which can be extended to logic chips 28nm, dram 18/19nm technical nodes, 32/64 floor 3dnand process, power devices with a high depth width ratio, and tsv deep-hole cleaning applications, with over 70 steps in the dram and on the logical circuit
There are nearly 20-step applications in the finfet structural cleansing: the tibo mega-sonic single-simple cleaning facility owner, which is now applied to the logic core 28nm technical node, has been engaged in the 18-19nmdram process-mix cleaning of the graphics.
Art evaluation and extension to 28nm logical chip and nm level 3d structure, depth-wide Dram products and multilayer 3dnand products with over 70 steps of application in dram, maximum/minimum price within 52 weeks
And there's more than 10 steps in the logical circuit finfet structural cleansing; a single cell-type combination of cleaning equipment should be used to remove polymers and plastics after including the prior drying, acm after polishing.
The process of grinding liquid residues, ion-injected photorespiratory residues removal, pre-perforcing organic residues research, residue removal, etc., has now completed the production of 40nm and 28nm technical nodes for logical chips
Line validation and extension to 28 nm logic chips, 20 nmdram and above technical nodes and 64 floors and above and 3 dnand, which can be used for 20 steps of cleaning away from thermosulphate and high temperature phosphoric acid.
At present, the company's semiconductor cleaning equipment is mainly used in the manufacture of 12 inches of crystals. The applicable size of the semiconductor cleaning equipment is international.
There is no competition gap between giant companies for similar products. Thanks to the continent’s policy support for the integrated circuit industry and the rise in local demand, the company’s major clients will maintain a high capital spending pace over the next few years, thus driving semiconductors, including cleaning equipment.
Stretch tubes: first, concentrated in lpcvd, then developed to the oxidizers and spreading furnaces, moving in step towards the application of ald equipment. The building tubes developed by the company include, inter alia, low-pressure chemical gas deposition furnaces, oxidized decomposition furnaces, alloy furnaces and atomic layer deposition furnaces, currently in the company.
On the one hand, the company has further expanded on the basis of a mature tube platform, which has a wealth of technology for stand-up tubes, and has expanded to cover materials in the low medium constant atoms and deep-wide ditches, as well as other special applications.
Generational research and development, on the one hand, and expansion of new types of furnace equipment, on the other, aimed at developing high-mediatic constants (highk), low-medial constant-level tubes (lowk), multi-crysilica deep-hole filling tubes, silicon oxidation low-pressure chemical phase deposition tubes, silicon silicon sink
The furnace equipment and super-temperature spreading furnaces, the acquisition of core intellectual property rights, are certified by the client. Currently, the company ' s pipe products have entered several integrated circuit crystal circle manufacturing plants in China, and have been validated and produced in large quantities, with plasma-enhanced Atomic Sedimental tubes entering.
Two integrated circuit crystal circle manufacturing plants in China are being upgraded and prepared for mass production. Track: The first high-capacity ultralithkrf system was successfully delivered to China’s head, logical crystal factory customers. The company announced the launch of the first krf process front road paint on 8 September.
The project was designed to support semiconductor front-end manufacturing. The first equipment system was delivered to China’s head logic crystallizers in September 2025. The company’s ultra lithkr process front-track projection equipment was based on its arf process front-track coating equipment.
The platform was developed with mature architecture and process results, and the platform was validated at a head client in China in late 2024.
(cd) Precision, which provides a solid basis for the design optimization of the Krf model. The company ' s ultra litke process front-track projective equipment is configured using flexible process modules, equipped with 12 rotor cavities and 12 visual cavities (12c12d) and equipped with 54 pieces of heat that can control the temperature with precision.
, which supports low-, medium- and high-temperature processes with excellent thermal homogeneity. In addition, this facility has a ready capacity of more than 300 crystals/hours (wph) and integrates the back of the particle removal module (bprv) in the company patent application to effectively reduce the risk of cross-contamination.
The crystal circle abnormality detection (wsoi) module allows real-time process deviation detection and good rate anomalies to be monitored with a view to improving process stability and production efficiency.
The company's ultrapmaxtmpecvd device is equipped with a cavity, gas distribution device and card design from the main intellectual property right that can provide better film homogeneity, smaller film stress and fewer particle properties.
The roll-out of the pecvd equipment marks a further extension of the company's forward-track semiconductor application into a completely new field of dry processes. The ultrapmaxtmpecvd platform has been improved to better balance the homogeneity of film depositions with multi-applications of equipment.
The company delivered its first pecvd equipment to a small farm in China in the third quarter of 2024.
As a result, the company forms a six-category business map of “Purge + plating + advanced encapsulation + tiles + coatings + pecvd” that supports the doubling of the market for company sam services. The risk of technological upgrading, loss of talent in key technologies, market competition risks, market opening.
The data used in this report are based on what we believe to be reliable information that is now publicly available and, through independent judgements and conclusions, seek independence, objectivity and fairness.
Ping, the report concludes that it is not open to other parts and personnel of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, foundations, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.