29 April 2019: In the first quarter of 2019, the combined operating income of HIA was $45,652 million, an increase of 5.15 per cent over the same period in the previous year: the net return to the mother was $2,656 million, compared to the previous year
According to company statistics, in the first quarter of 2019, the company’s power plants in China completed 10,383.39 million kilowatt-hours (kWh) of the combined table, a decrease of 0.45 per cent in the same year; 98,255 million kWh in the same year; and the first year of 2019, a decrease of 0.06 per cent in the same year.
The average price of electricity settled online by the company's operating power plants in China averaged 421.87 yuan/megawatt hours, a decrease of 0.40% from the same year. The main reasons for the decline in electricity consumption in the company were: 1.
The net profits of the shareholders of the parent company increased by 114.27 per cent over the same period the previous year. The rise in the off-the-shelf earnings, among others, boosted the profits of the company. According to company statistics, the off-the-shelf income for the current period increased by 559.45 per cent over the same period in the previous year, mainly as a result of the guaranteed recovery received by the subsidiary subsidiary, Shandong Power, and the other earnings increased by 27.11 per cent over the same period in the previous year, mainly because of the increase in heat supply by its subsidiaries.
These revenues also strongly boost the company’s first-quarter profits. Profit forecasts and ratings: first quarter of 2019, the company’s performance is bright, and we look forward to the expansion of the company’s installed machinery over the next two years, the increase in power generation, and the decline in fuel costs.
The risk factors are: coal market risk, electricity volume risk, electricity price risk, environmental policy risk, interest rate risk.
The Value of Fire and Power Dragon Investment Shows, 2018.06. Middle Report: Power Generations and Prices (600011.sh): A significant increase in performance in the first half of the year, driven by a rise in electricity production and prices, 2018.08.
Annual Report Review: Energy International (600011.sh): High Coal Prices, Performance Pressure, 2019.03 Sindha Securities Inc.
Cindasecuritiesco., ltd House No. 1 of the 9th Street of the City's West Side, Beijing. Charcoal, gas chain, special studies on fertilizer, agrochemicals, textile chemicals, fine-chemical intermediates, and new energy sources, car light quantification, methanol economy, carbon emissions.
Wang Xiao, Research Assistant, Beijing University undergraduate, Master of Science, North Grand National Development Institute, two degrees in economics, and six years of work experience with the National Electric Network Corporation. In June 2017, the Union’s Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre was joined.
The present report is prepared with publicly available information deemed reliable by a credit certificate, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. At different times, or through the use of different assumptions and criteria, different perspectives and analytical methods have led to the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which special notice may not be given.