Jiangsu Bank (600919): high profitability, incident: 3-quarter performance disclosed by Jiangsu Bank on 28 October, net profit of 537.6/41.8.7.20.4 billion yuan realized in the first 3 quarters, an increase of 14.9 per cent/14.1 per cent and 31.3 per cent, respectively, in the acceleration ring
The Jiangsu Bank was consolidated on the basis of 10 municipal commercial banks at the end of the quarter, with a total assets of 2.92 trillion yuan, a non-performing loan rate of 0.96 per cent, and 360.05 per cent.
Modern share-holding commercial banks have created a new model for the reform of local corporate banks. On January 24, 2007, companies increased their profits by 31.3% in the first three quarters, and the rate of increase is at the top of the list.
The only provincial territorial approach in Jiangsu, thanks to the rapid expansion and the fall in the same scale of the provision, we measure that the two factors are now going to Gon Bank. The company's commitment to “inclusion for a better life”
+11.5 pct, +15 pct, in addition to the fact that the net difference has remained essentially stable (+1.3 pct) and high non-interest income, with the corporate culture of integration of innovation, pragmatic performance, and excellence leading to the construction of “speciality, intelligence”
q3 one-season profit achieved high growth below a high base. q3 one-season profit increased by 31.5% on a year-on-year basis.
Billions of dollars, with a significant increase in the ring ratio, are mainly the return on investment of the debt (q3 new investment return of $4 billion). We believe that the revenue from fees and fees continues to grow considerably, and demand for retail loans recovers. We believe that further warming of retail loans can help stabilize the capital.
At the end of the third quarter, the non-performing loan rate was 0.96 per cent, and the ring ratio dropped by 2 bp, a target down 11 consecutive quarters. The focus has been on loan rates and overdue loans since this year.
The rate is also down; in the last three quarters, the write-off was followed by a real negative production rate of 0.7%, a decrease of 52bp compared to the previous quarter; indicators related to the quality of assets show a continuous improvement in the quality of the company’s assets. q3 provision coverage is a significant increase in the confidence of major shareholders, with interest in the progress of conversion to equity.
On October 26, an announcement was issued to increase the share of Jiangsu Bank to no more than 190 million shares, suggesting that the profits should continue to increase. The Jiangsu Bank is located in a large and well-structured economy in the Jiangsu region, where the public domain is expected to benefit fully from the economic dividends of Jiangsu.
As a strategy, retail credit delivery is expected to support net interest differentials, retail wealth management is expected to raise the central value of the portfolio, giving companies a target of 1.0 times pb for 22 years, maintaining a “strongly recommended” rating, worsening; policy expectations for outward regulation, etc.
Tianxy@dxzq.net.cn Source of Eastern Finance and Sense: 31.5 per cent increase in net profit in the first quarter of Jiangsu Bank, 3q22
Figure 3: The 1h22,3q22 performance split by Jiangsu Bank, the source of Eastern financial and intellectual prosperity, the source of Eastern financial and intellectual prosperity.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports Jiangsu Bank (600919), which has increased profitability and continued improvement in the quality of its assets.
Liam, Master of Finance and Economics, University of Cambridge, England. Years of experience in banking, history of gold securities, sea-ton securities, Tianwind securities banking.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that Jiangsu Bank (600919) has increased profits, improved asset quality, and does not guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points of view and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and the authors of the report, to the extent they know, are not legally prohibited from evaluating or recommending the securities or investment subject matter of this report.
If permitted by law, my company and the associated institutions to which it belongs may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.