The profits have remained high, and transfers are expected: on October 17, Jiangsu Bank issued an advance notice of 22q3 performance increase. 22q1-q3 net return profits increased by $4.68 billion to $4.99 billion, compared to 30-32 per cent.
The profit rate continues at a high level of more than 30%. As of 22h1, Jiangsu Bank collects, returns net profits \triangleright returns net profits at a higher rate than in the previous year, maintaining a high performance or benefiting from a strong scale, strong margins, etc.
As at 22h1, the Bank of Jiangsu loan had increased at a rate of 18.3% over the year, compared with 22q1+2.9pct, while the net interest gap had a negative trend of +6bp at the beginning of the year. High performance was a further boost to convertable debt to equity.
\triangleright \triangleright tradable to “touch” with the smallest growth space of 5.5% of the listed banks from the foreclosure price.
With high expansion, Jiangsu Bank’s willingness to convert debt to equity has been strong, and 22q3 has achieved high performance, and we expect capital and other investments to sustain a strong demand for credit and 22q4 assets in order to sustain a high performance against the backdrop of Jiangsu’s role as economic province as a driving force for national economic growth.
Research assistant in Bowen, debt-transfer aid can accelerate equity transfer. Investment proposal: 30% profit per year + to provide additional leverage to convert debt into equity.
\triangleright’s performance remains high, with a swap of only 5.5% of the positive stock value from the foreclosure space, and a transfer of the “accessible” was reported by Jiangsu Bank (600919.sh) in mid-2022:
\triangleright 3. Jiangsu Bank (600919.sh)
The report of Jiangsu Bank (600919.sh) 2021 explains that performance has reached higher levels and that the final debt “final circle” - 2022 - Jiangsu Bank: high growth, steady quality, regional advantages are highlighted
Figure 1: Jiangsu Bank's cumulative and year-on-year performance up to 22q3 Summary of data projections of corporate financial statements Methodology and analytical logic to draw conclusions, produce the present report independently and objectively, and be held accountable for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects research by researchers
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.