Purchase (first rating) of Shanghai Airport (600009.sh) Tax-exempt business value is still in place and restructuring enhances business capacity
The company is the operator of the Shanghai Pudong Airport and Shanghai Rainbow Bridge. In 10 years (2009-2019), the company’s share price rose by 434%, ranking 1st among the companies on the list. In 2019, the company’s passengers amounted to 7,615 million cases of vomiting, including international traffic.
In 2019, the Department earned 10.9 billion yuan in business, resulting in net profit of the mother, 48 per cent of the net interest rate, and ranked first in the industry. The impact of the domestic epidemic and the sharp contraction of international passenger flows was felt, with companies operating in the first three quarters of 2022.
The advantages of tax-exempt operations are clear, and the bargaining power will return in the long run. The advantages of corporate tax-exempt operations are clear: 1; higher purchasing power of travelers; average per capita tax-free sales in 2019, approximately 393 yuan; 2 and international.
In 2019, the company generated 5.2 billion yuan in tax-exempt rent, and in the first three quarters of 2022, the tax-free income was only 206 million yuan. The supplement to the international passenger flow signed at the beginning of 2021 will accelerate the recovery, with four extensions expected to be invested during the "145" period.
Recapitalization enhances business capacity and increases the marginal return on investment. In July 2022, the company completed the purchase of assets for Rainbow Bridge, Logistics, and the fourth runway at Pudong Airport.
In September, the airport consortium was given an additional $5 billion. Rainbow Bridge's infusion was an important initiative by the airport consortium and the company to meet their historical commitments and address its historical legacy, of which Rainbow Bridge was less affected during the outbreak than Pudong Airport, where logistics companies stabilized.
In addition, after this restructuring, the company’s penetration of De Gaulle flows will increase from 25.5% to 50%, and the return on investment and marginal profits will increase. The company’s tax-exempt operations will have significant advantages and long-term traffic space, and international liberalization is expected to lead to tax-free bargaining.
Jung-ming, Wang Kai-hsing, the impact of the epidemic on higher than anticipated risks, tax-free operating risks, expansion on higher than anticipated risks, fee prices.