China's life (601628.sh) has been continuously re-evaluated, profits have been historically high Revalued, and corporate net profits have been increased by 173.9 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
The “3-upper” and “3-break-up” transition targets, adding up the return on asset earnings, achieved 42.718 billion yuan in operating income in the first three quarters of the previous year, a significant increase of 54.8 per cent over the previous three quarters of the year, with 15.7 per cent more than the 15.7 per cent higher than the 15.7 per cent higher for insurance services under the new guidelines.
In the first three quarters, the company achieved a record high of $145.2 million in net return earnings. China’s life as a leader in the personal-risk industry has shown a strong performance resilience, a build-up of the debt-end transformation dividend, and a steady future for the company’s core value indicators.
In the first three quarters of the year, regulation continued to guide the restructuring of industry products and the lowering of the cost of indebtedness, and companies continued to diversify their products and operations and to promote the long-termization of their products. By the end of the third quarter, companies had achieved a total premium of $608.25 billion.
The first annual premium accounts for 46.4% of the first annual premium, an increase of 4.3 pt compared to the same period last year. Marketing channels are optimized in quality and core indicators are stable. Corporate insurance channels continue to push agents to “triple” 10,000, and are largely stable.
In addition, a new risk marketing model, the “seed project” pilot city expansion, reached 24 cities, with initial results of the transition. The capital markets rebounded, leading to significant improvements in asset returns.
Qualitatively high-segregated-red-type asset allocation, which in the previous three quarters amounted to $151.44 billion, compared to the year, Chinese Life (601628.sh) - Conservative Strengths, Value Indicators Upgraded Chinese Life (601628.sh) - Lessed Profit, Deeper Marketing Reforms -
In addition, by the end of the third quarter, the company’s company, Life of China (601628.sh) – a hard-on position, with a double premium value – promised a gain or loss of $147,660 million on change in value, significantly increased its contribution to revenue and profits.
China Life (601628.sh) - Old Age Opportunities, Promotion of Marketing Reform - Investment Proposal: As our leader in the personal risk industry, the Chinese say that a series of transformations at the end of the debt are constantly being pursued.
Measures, continuous repair of the cumulative asset-end core indicators, and we have raised the company ' s profit forecast, projected at 2024: China ' s life operating income and rate of increase (in billions of yuan, per cent) Figure 2: China ' s net profit and rate of increase (in hundreds of millions of yuan, per cent)
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject