Quarterly review 2024: Net assets are growing faster, subplans are accelerating.
Research assistant Lo Woo-Kang : China ' s life revealed 9m24 performance, which was in line with the previous pre-enactment period, which was a quick rebound after a low-level shock in the stock market, resulting in a significant increase in total investment returns from the same year.
The contract guidelines (ifrs17) provide for retroactive adjustment of comparative data relating to prior-year insurance operations, selection of non-retroactive comparison data relating to prior-year investment operations under the new financial instrument guidelines (ifrs 9), combined with a cumulative net return profit of 9m24 at the centre of the growth of 173.9 per cent over the years.
At a comparable caliber (trace 9 and frs 17), 9m24 accumulated net return profits increased by 194.1% over the same period, and performance was as expected.  The new guidelines are specifically analysed. To better analyse the comparative calculus increases under the new guidelines, we compare the same points.
New standard data. 9m24 achieves a 15.7 per cent increase in revenue from insurance services on a year-on-year basis, which is better than that of its counterparts. This is due to the increase in the marginal amortization of contractual services and the increase in the cash-flow amortization of insurance policies.
Parity; our investment spreads (detailed in the schedules) are the central reason for the increase in net profit during the period. 1024 total/net investment returns increased by 152.4%/3.9% by the same calibre, respectively.
The end balance of the other equity instruments (fvoci equity instruments) amounts to $151,408 million, which has a greater impact on investment capital, with net assets growing by 19.4 per cent to 5.66704 billion on a year-on-year basis as a result of the current profit release and the contribution of other combined revenues.
▪ 9m24 Accumulated new business value (nbv) rises at a rate of 25.1 per cent below a comparable calibre, corresponding to a one-size-fits-all” and invests in firm's steady progress in marketing system reform, deepening the transition of the existing workforce towards professionalism, professionalism, integration and the achievement of team excellence and productivity improvement; 3) multiple rounds of prognosis
With interest rates down, the cost of the combined liabilities has declined steadily. Companies have continued to strengthen asset liability management, boost product diversification and business patterns, and optimize the quality of the liabilities. ▪ The “seed plan” has accelerated faster than expected, resulting in a qualitative improvement in the workforce.
Chinese Life (601628) Quarterly 2024: Stocktaking: Values are rising at a rate of 17.7% in recent years, and the workforce is growing steadily on a high base.
And $42.3 billion to maintain the “buy-in” rating. The Insurance Contract Guidelines (ifrs17) provide for retroactive adjustment of comparative data relating to insurance operations over the same period of the previous year, based on new financial instruments.
Accumulated net return profits were 173.9 per cent at the centre of growth over the year, and 9m24 accumulated net return profits increased by 194.1 per cent over the same period by a comparable caliber (while going back to ifrs9 and ifs17). Figure 3: Corporate value increases at a rate that has risen in recent years
As a new guideline, the previous data did not repeat that Dong Wu Securities Inc., which had been approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, was qualified for portfolio investment consultancy operations.