The pre-performance announcement for the first three quarters of 2024: the profit was too high, Wu Xinxi, research assistant Lo Woo-Kang.
Events: China’s life announces an increase in performance in the first three quarters of 2024, which is expected to accumulate over 9m24 billion yuan. The company’s announcement is that the return to the stock market is a significant increase in the return on investment. We believe that the profits are too high to be expected, and that performance continues to make life-threatening companies more resilient.
▪ Specific analysis of new standards: accounting policy adjustments for company announcements at the beginning of the year, retroactive adjustment of comparative data for prior-year insurance operations in accordance with the new insurance contract guidelines (ifrs 17) and selection of non-retroactive adjustments for prior-year investments in line with the new financial instrument guidelines (ifrs 9)
Compared data for the period, the cumulative net profit return of 9m24 under the combined effect was 175 per cent of the increase in the year-on-year basis, and if the accumulated net profit of 9m24 was achieved by a comparable caliber (with a retrace of ifrs9 and ifrs17), there was a significant increase of 195.3 per cent in the corresponding ratio, corresponding to a 3q24-quarter net profit gain of 66.673 billion.
Companies announce that they adhere to the principles of asset-liability matching and long-term investments, value investments, sound investments, and market opportunities are allocated over a period of time, and equity investment structures are continuously promoted.
The impact of value, net profits and net parent assets at the end of the equity listing was 4.15 per cent, 94.5 per cent and 8.19 per cent, respectively, and the elasticity of life as a pure life insurance company was better than that of a listed partner. The 300 index was increased by 20 per cent, taking into account the combination of floating charges and new financial instrument guidelines.
The impact on net profits on life is approximately $58,694 million, depending on the net profit release to 3q24 seasons, or mainly due to stock market fluctuations. Given the elasticity of this round, we calculated the equity balance/owner interest ratio of the 1h24 listed insurance companies, of which Xinhua (160%) > life (88%) > > Xinhua (75%) > > .
Peace (26%) >Safety (13%); we calculated the balance of 1h24 traded shares as a share of equity stock investment in China (92%) >Xinhua (88%) > too much (79%) > Peace (59%) > (38%).
Review: Values are rising at a rate that has risen in recent years, and insurance coverage for profit projections and investment ratings: profits are higher than expected, and have been brought to fruition in a timely manner.
The main reason for the increase in performance in the current period is the company ' s adherence to the asset-liability matching principle and to long-term investments, value investments, sound investment concepts, taking advantage of market opportunities for cross-cyclical configuration and continuously promoting equity investment architecture optimization.
The insurance contract guidelines (ifs17) provide for the retroactive adjustment of comparison data over the same period of the previous year in relation to insurance operations, and the selection of non-retroactivity of comparison data over the same period of the previous year in relation to investment operations in accordance with the new financial instrument (ifrs 9)
Accumulated net profit return at the centre of growth of 175 per cent on a year-on-year basis, if at a comparable calibre (traces ifrs9 and ifs17), figure 2: Shares in net assets at end-1h24 by listed companies, Figure 3: Shares in stock allocation at end-1h24 by-market exposure
Trade-related stock balances as a proportion of equity investments East Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, has acquired the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business.