The Tianqi Lithium Industry (002466) reported three-quarterly assessment: Replenishment of lithium hydroxide 2 project, targeting new energy hotspots, a parent company net profit of $1,518 million, an increase of 26.17 per cent over the same period, and a net operating cash flow of 21.71 per cent.
This was due to increased profitability and reduced funding for the payment of construction works; construction in progress amounted to 1,284 million, an increase of 259.40 per cent over the same period, mainly due to the 24,000 tons of battery-grade single-water lithium hydroxide project and the Telison extension.
Three hundred and thirty percent of total equity is not expected to be subject to the new stock pledge regulations. The company expects a full year of net profits in 2017, rich in lithium mineral resources, and high cost control of products. The company is the country’s largest supplier of new lithium energy cores, with the highest global grade, the largest reserves, and the most stable supply of 51% of the Telison Green Bush mine.
Equity, as at 30 September 2016, 5 million tons of lithium carbonate equivalent for lithium deposits; Tsola lithium quartz in Sichuan Yajiang County, Zykase Zabuye Salt Lake, with about 630,000 tons of lithium carbonate equivalents for lithium deposits. The company is self-sufficient in lithium concentrates, which are easily controlled by companies operating at a high price for lithium concentrates.
The cost of producing products is 69.77% of the company ' s Māori product in the first three quarters, with a net interest rate of 47.15%. Targeting the market demand for new energy vehicles and launching the lithium hydroxide II project. Our new energy car market is still the fastest growing market in the world.
A growing number of new energy enterprises are using lithium hydroxide as a raw material for three-dollar lithium batteries. The industry report issued by the lithium industry analyst Roskill in 2017 foresees a combined annual growth rate of 47 per cent in global demand for lithium hydroxide for battery-grade batteries from 2016 to 2026.
At present, the company has 5,000 tons of lithium hydroxide production line in Sichuan province, with key core processes for lithium hydroxide; recently, the company decided to add approximately 1.7 billion yuan to the second phase of the Australasia battery; and the monohydroxide level lithium project will be completed in 2019, while the first phase of the project will be completed in 2018.
The Australian Telison, which provides lithium concentrate for the project, is expanding and is expected to complete its construction in 2019, and its capacity will increase to 1.34 million tonnes/year after delivery, equivalent to about 180,000 tonnes/year of lithium carbonate. The company's main customers of lithium hydroxide are the international mainstream power cell producers, and the market is promising.
Risk factors: changes in the national new energy vehicle subsidy policy; fluctuations in lithium carbonate and lithium hydroxide prices.