Phillipcapital (002466.ch) the big resource giant with the right to pay.
For the first time, the Chinese car industry was covered by a company that was a price-fixed giant and a salivate-producing dragon.
Downstream demand continues to improve and prices keep rising, with a five-fold rise in 2016 and a 30-per-cent increase in performance in the third quarter of 2017.
General stockholders (millions of shares): Tianqian Industries held the largest wealth of the best mineral resources in the world, with the 52-week minimum/ceiling price of the largest mineral in the world:
The processing power, unique resource endowments and price-fixing advantages make it the best indicator of the upper chain of the country's new energy automobile industry. We expect the company to have a profit split of $2.19,269 per share in 2017/2018.
Piercomparison source: phillipsecurities(hk)research brief: a giant mineral resource + aluminium salt producing dragons
The Tianqian industry is the world’s leading provider of new energy cores in China’s Sichuan, Chongqing, Jiangsu, Hong Kong, and Australia, and Chile, with a worldwide client base or branch of production.
51% of Telison's corporate holdings have the largest reserves in the world.
The best quartz mine in Western Australia has a storage capacity of 86.4 million tons, which is equivalent to 5 million tons of carbonate, and currently produces 740,000 tons per year. In addition, the company has two sources of resources, namely, the Tsolayu, Sichuan Jianjiang County, and the Tsibhuy Salt Lake, Tibet (20% of the share).
1971 million tons, or 630,000 tons of carbonate equivalent, which is a fraction of Asia’s largest quartz-based methyl-carat mine and is currently subject to weather transport and other factors that have not yet been developed. The latter owns 1.83 million tons, equivalent to 2.46 million tons of carbon-acid equivalents, and a mere 0.02 tons is the best salty lake resource in the country.
The company's largest carbonate producer in China, now has two chemical production bases, Jae Hong and Zhang Kaang, with a capacity of 27,000 tons of carbonate and 5,000 tons of hydrogen oxide, and is the national standard setup for the domestic battery-grade carbonate industry, the company's production of carbonate and no gas at the gas level.
Production technologies such as chemomium are at an advanced international level, with a higher market price for companies in terms of size, technology and industry chain advantages, and the domestic market for battery-grade carbonate is about half as high.
Downstream demand continues to be good, carbonate prices are constantly rising, and in recent years, along with technological advances, the more diversified the application chains are derived from chemical products such as carbonate and hydrogen oxide, which create a strong downstream demand.
There is a worldwide demand for the explosion of products such as capacitates carbonate and titanium oxide; on the other hand, the demand for titanium from digital 3c products is still strong, and traditional domains such as glass ceramics remain stable for long periods. By contrast, demand for titanium will continue to grow strongly.
By 2026, global demand will reach 1 million tons, and the annual compound growth rate will reach 18%, the main thrust of which will be from the electricity industry, especially the new-energy car battery. Carbonate is the base material for generating new-energy motor power cells, driven by the destruction of new-energy cars.
In the first half of 2016, it reached a maximum of 170,000. According to long-term plans for the new energy and car industry, the huge market opportunities and prospects for growth are the carbonate, helium oxide, and the vital materials of the power cells.
In 2016, the performance rose fivefold, and in the first three quarters of 2017, it remained on track, increasing by nearly 30%, benefiting from strong downstream demand. In 2016, the Tianqian industry doubled to $3.9 billion in real income, and the revenues were increased by 510% to $1,512 million, with a gain of $1.54 per share, with an interest rate of $0.18 per share.
Millions of dollars. The increase in the price and share of salt products is a strong incentive for companies to increase their performance. In the salt industry, the Māori rate jumped by 37 per cent to 74.4 per cent, and the income ratio expanded to 72 per cent.
In 2017, corporate performance was still on the upward trend, with a total income of RMB 3.96 billion in the first three quarters of 2017, and quarterly profits have been levelled off over the last year. The company also projected a total annual net profit of RMB 2.06 billion in 2017, due to a small increase in mining costs and a slight reduction in the price of the salt market compared to the same period last year, the company as a whole is Māori.
The rate is slightly reduced by 1.6 per cent to 69.8 per cent, but the market price for salt is improving on a seasonal basis, and the average market price for battery carbon acid is $131,000, $134,000 and $154,000 per ton in the second quarter of October, which is expected to rise to $170,000 per ton in the fourth quarter of the year.
I'm sorry, sir, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
The 10,000 tons of helium oxide production line, which is now under construction in Western Australia, is expected to be completed by the end of 2018 at 250 km of the greenbushes mine, significantly reducing the transport costs of the mine. In the meantime, the Western Australia 2nd issue of the 2nd phase of the production line feasibility study, which is expected to be completed by the end of 2019, has been officially launched.
A 20,000 tons of carbonate per year is also being built. It is expected that in 2020, the small island industry will have more than 100,000 tons of salt, three times as much as it currently does.
philipresearchstocksectionssystems wedonotbaseourcommunicationsdirectlylyontheabovequantitattiverternbands. Weconsistententativefactorslike (butnotmited to) astock'sriskrewardprofil, marketsentation, recentrateofsharepriceationation, presenceorabsenceofstockpricedatalysts, and
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to do it, but I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I's going to do it.
I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
If you don't like it, you'll have to take care of it.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
This publicity shouldn'tbelleduponauthoritative with unfurtherbeing subject toothericipit'sowninsideversionandexerciseof judgment.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, wouldappropriate.anydiscussionofotheriscontainhereinwithpetacttoanyproductsoouldnotcontonsideredtobeadisloscaureofallrissora completediscussionofsuchrisks.
I don't know what you're talking about, but it's not like I'm talking about it, but I'm talking about it, and it's like I'm talking about it, and I'm talking about it, and I'm talking about it, and I'm talking about it, and I'm talking about it, and I'm talking about it, and I'm talking about it, and I'm talking about it, and I'm talking about it, and I'm talking about it, and I'm talking about it, and I'm talking about it, and I'm talking about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I'm not talking about it, but I'm not talking about it, but I'm thinking about it.
I don't know what you're talking about.
It's the only thing that's going to happen to me.
I'm sorry, malaysia philipcapitalmanagementsdnbhd phillipsecuritiesjapan, ltd
phillipsecuritiespted 250northbridgeroad, #06-00rafflescitytower, b-3-6blockblevel3, meganavenueii,
No.12, jalanyapkwanseng, 50450kualumpur indonesia china
India ptphillipsecuitsindonesia phillipfinancialadvisory (shanghai)co.ltd.
philipcapital (india) privatelemited anztøwerlevel23b, jljendsudirmankav33a, no.1, 18thbroor, urmiestate, 95ganpatraokadammarg,
Jakarta 10220, indonesia
I'm sorry, I didn't tell you, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
king and shaxsonltd. 15thbroor, vorawatbuilding, 849silomroad, 3rdfloor, 35ruedelabienfaisance
6thloor, candlewickhouse, 120 cannonstreet silom, bangrak, bangkok 10500thailand 75008parisfrance
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know, srilanka phillipfuturesinc.
Ashaphillipsecuritieslimmited level 12, 15 williamstreet, level 4, milleniumhouse, 46/58 naavamawatha,
The chicagoboardoftradebuilding melbourne, Victoria 3000, australia colombo2, Srilanka
Chicago, il6004usa longkong phillipsecurities(hk)ltd
11/Unitedcentre95queenswayhongkong