Non-ferrous ii rare metal ii lithium industry leader, strong and strong 17q3 company, with a net profit of $633 million in non-mortality, is expected to continue to record high performance throughout the year: October 27th.
In the fourth quarter of the year, preparations for the impairment of the saleable financial assets were made. The Ganz mine was well-connected, and development preparations were under way: according to the company’s investor closure of 27 October 17, the Ganz mine was well-connected with the parties and was actively advancing its development preparations.
Tens of thousands of tons, due to environmental problems, the construction of an annual production of 110,000 tons of lithium concentrate project is on hold. On October 19, 17 years, the Municipality of Kanding announced the first environmental evaluation of the expansion of the meth-carat lithium mining project in the Ludium industry.
The potential for production is high, with 110,000 tons of lithium concentrate to be released. Lithium products have risen in volume and profitability steadily: from the beginning of the year, according to the Asian Metal Network, battery-grade carbonic acid has increased by 30%, from 175,000 yuan per tonne at the end of June to 12%. Battery-grade carbonic acid has increased by 12%.
The rise in lithium prices boosted the company’s performance. The company’s revenues and net profits in the third quarter rose by 14.4 per cent and 14.7 per cent over the second quarter, the Maori rate by 71.5 per cent in the third quarter and 3 percentage points over the second quarter.
Tyllison's 51% share. Tyllison owns 86.4 million tons of lithium from the Green Bush mine, carbon acid, Shen Litting, lithium equivalent of 5 million tons, and is now working well on the second chemical lithium- concentrate line, which is expected to be the first in 19 years.
The production of lithium concentrates in 2016 was 500,000 tons, and after delivery, the Tyllison lithium concentrate could reach 1.34 million yuan per ton, equivalent to 180,000 tons per year of lithium equivalent carbonate, which would provide adequate lithium concentrate security for the lithium salt project.
The high-end triad market is promising, and the replenishment expands the capacity of lithium hydroxide production: the cumulative production of new energy vehicles in January-September 2017 reached 4.24 million vehicles, of which more than 80 per cent were driven by vehicles and dominated, and in the first nine batches, the Taiwan lithium industry: net profits increased fivefold in 16 years, Terry.
In the catalogue, the ratio of lithium to lithium by car is 76%, which shows that lithium by car is in high demand. In addition, high energy density Sen's expansion provides the basis for future lithium production, and a higher subsidy factor for the vehicle further drives the rapid development of high nickel.
The company announced on October 27 that the company’s lithium industry would increase 18 times the net profit from maternity and expand hydrogen oxygen production, with $328 million to build a second year of battery-grade, single-water lithium hydroxide.
The project is expected to be completed by the end of 2019. The company is expected to have more than 50,000 tons of lithium titanium: it reports a 17-fold or more increase in the same performance, and the production of lithium hydroxide will further increase the market share of the company ' s products and facilitate the company ' s access to the international mainstream lithium power.
Lithium Tian Qian: "Lithium" is a high-performing investment proposal: the company's lithium mineral resources are secure, lithium carbonate and lithium hydroxide continue to expand, and the company's price of lithium products is stable at $3.96 billion in the first three quarters of 2017, an increase of 42.96 per cent in the same year, resulting in a net profit of $1.518 billion for the mother.
The net return profit in the third quarter was $594 million, an increase of 30.16%, and the ring growth of 14.71%. The growth in operating income was mainly due to the increase in lithium mine prices and in sales of lithium-chemicals. In terms of profitability, the first three quarters of the 17th year saw a steady increase in the Māori q3 ratio, an increase of 3 percentage points over q2, with net interest rates.
In the first three quarters of the year, net interest rates declined steadily. In terms of operating costs, companies received 0.7 per cent, 4.3 per cent and 0.8 per cent of their financial costs in the first three quarters of the year.
ii. High-end tri-dollar industrial chain, with expected sustained growth in performance (i) Tyllison lithium concentrates have expanded successfully, and the supply of lithium concentrates is guaranteed. The company has a 51% stake in the world’s largest solid potassium quartz mine, Telison.
With 86.4 million tons of lithium equivalents for carbonate, and 500,000 tons of lithium concentrates in 16 years, the construction of the second chemical lithium line is now well under way and is expected to be completed in the second quarter of 19th year. After delivery, the Tyllison lithium concentrates will reach 1.34 million yuan per ton, equivalent to 180,000 tons per year of lithium equivalents for carbonate, and will provide sufficient lithium concentrate security for the lithium salt project.
Corporate capacity is expanding rapidly, and it is expected that by 2020 the company will have developed a capacity to produce lithium chemical products close to 100,000 tonnes/year, providing industry with sustained and reliable material security. (ii) The high-end trinity market is promising, with additional capital to expand lithium hydroxide production capacity
In January-September 2017, the cumulative production of new energy vehicles reached 4.24 million, with a projected annual output of 700,000. Of these, 343,000 vehicles, or more than 80 per cent, were used in January-September, and half a million vehicles were expected to be used throughout the year. The driving market was dominant, and 76 per cent of the first nine batches of lithium were used, while 66 per cent were used in specialized vehicles in commercial vehicles, as can be seen from the figure of three dollars.
In addition, the Circular on the Adjustment of Fiscal Subsidy Policies for the Extension of New Energy Vehicles, which was introduced on 1 January 2017, provides a higher subsidy factor for high-energy-density vehicles, which is an important driver of the three-dollar high nickel development. Lithium hydroxide is the basic raw material for producing high-nigium lithium batteries, and demand will grow rapidly in the future.
The announcement states that the company intends to build a second annual battery-grade single-water lithium hydroxide project with $328 million in Tianchi, Australia, which is expected to be completed by the end of 2019. The company has an annual production line of 5,000 tons of lithium hydroxide in Sichuan Shihhong County, and the first phase of the Australian lithium hydroxide project is expected to be completed by the end of 18 years. With the completion of this project, the company is expected to own more than 24 million tons of lithium hydroxide.
The 50,000 tons of lithium hydroxide production capacity will further increase the market share of the company ' s products and facilitate the company ' s entry into the international mainstream of lithium electric materials. Figure 5: Share of the first nine batches of catalogued vehicle battery material in the first nine batches. Figure 6: Share of the first nine batch of catalogued specialized vehicle battery material in the first nine batches.
The company ' s lithium mineral resources are secured, lithium carbonate and lithium hydroxide continue to expand, the prices of lithium products are rising steadily, and there is a risk of a new energy vehicle policy that will help the company to perform, and the prices of raw materials fluctuate significantly.
4. Unsatisfactory roll-out of new energy vehicles, summary of financial statement forecasts and valuation data