The three-quarterly report reviews of the Lithium industry (002466), which kept the performance of the three-quarters up at a high rate, slightly over-marketed.
▪ The company collected $3.96 billion in the first three quarters of 2017, an increase of 42.96 per cent in the same year, the net profit of the mother, the rise in the price of lithium carbonate, and an increase in the three quarters of the Maori rate, but the net interest rate slightly declined as a result of changes in cost rates and fair value.
As a result of the increase in sales of lithium chemical products, the company sold 15,000 tons of lithium carbonate in the first half of the year, we expect the ring ratio to rise in the third quarter. On the price side, the industry price for the first half of the year was 12-14 million tons, down from the previous year, while the price of lithium carbonate was gradually up since the end of the second quarter, with a market stand-off price of 170,000 tons.
The price of the company as a whole was also higher in the third quarter than in the second quarter, so its Māori rate rose to 71.5 per cent in the third quarter. The overall cost of lithium carbonate was slightly higher than in the previous year, and 1.
As a result, the Maori rate declined slightly in the first three quarters. The three quarters had an impact on net interest rates as a result of an increase in management cost rates and a net gain of -26.92 million from three-quarter fair value changes.
The net interest rate shows that company costs increased by 33.6% to 228 million yuan over the previous three quarters, with a 0.4 percentage point decrease to 0.13 percentage points over the same period, but the overall size of the financial costs remained at a smaller level.
At the end of the reporting period, the company accounts receivable stood at 256 million, an increase of 23 per cent from the beginning of the year, and the repayment conditions remained good owing to strong demand. At the end of the three quarters, the advance payments were $85 million, a decrease of 44 per cent from the beginning of the year.
Net cash flows amounted to 2,172 million yuan, an increase of 73 per cent over the same period; net cash flows from investment activities amounted to -876 million in the previous three quarters as a result of the company's active capacity-building activities, with $825 million in capital expenditures; and financing during the period of strategic resources for the lithium holding mine, with steady progress in the construction of the lithium salt-packing capacity, which will benefit from electric vehicles
Globalization wave. The company's subsidiary, Tyllison Lithium Minerals, with a capacity of 740,000 tonnes/year, sold 4,938,000 tonnes/ 31.36 million tonnes/year in 2016. To complement the expansion of downstream demand, Tyllison proposes to expand lithium concentrates to 1.34 million tonnes/year, with an investment of $320 million for the 26th month of the construction cycle.
In the second quarter of 2019, there was a corresponding increase in the capacity of the company to produce lithium salt. The company currently owns lithium carbonate production capacity, which is distributed mainly in Zhang Jia Harbour and the Shooting Flood Base (17,000 tons) and at the same time 5,000 tons of lithium hydroxide production capacity.
Lithium capacity, which is expected to be completed by the end of 2018 and will reach production in 2019; at the same time, the company plans to produce tons of lithium carbonate equivalent, with production planned for 2019. With lithium resources as a global strategic resource, the company is now also actively expanding its offshore supply chain, and we are expected to benefit greatly from the sea.
The company’s sales are below expectations; the price of lithium carbonate is below expectations.