tclTech (000100) Research report 10/07/2021 Deepening layout + weakening cycle and panel heading into harvest period
Horizontal vertical development. Better industrial chain layout tcl technology is one of the vanguards of the global semiconductor, with companies expanding both horizontally and vertically, with the leading global competitive advantage, now entering the performance harvest period: in semiconductor areas, companies are receiving it.
A share flow unit (million shares): purchase of the three-star Suzhou line with a 21q2 watch, with a high industry profile that will significantly increase corporate profitability.a Total share capital (millions):
In addition, the company plans to build a t9it line and relay t4, t7 lines to complete the market value of the tcl in circulation over the next five years (millions of dollars): High growth in China Star; in the semiconductor light field, 100 per cent of the ring group ' s shareholding in the company ' s withdrawal and
The panel industry is less cyclical, and the country’s leading producers will continue to benefit.
After decades of consecutive increases, the difference is that the large size of lcd over the next 2-3 years, with no new capacity, only stock-line climbs, and the large demand-side sized trend, with industry supply and demand patterns expected to remain stable and panel producers will maintain high levels of profitability over the years.
Three stars from Suzhou, which the company acquired earlier, show their performance at the beginning of the 2021q2, and after the acquisition is complete, tcl is going to have three full-scale 8.5 generation lines, with a combined monthly production capacity of 440k. Compared to the first quarter, there will be an increase of nearly 3% in the capacity of the two-quarter large-sized panels.
The value of large-scale panels is currently rising, upstream raw material manufacturers are losing their pyroclasticity, and the tap valuation is expected to be remodeled in 2021.04.28.
We expect that companies will be fully priced for the benefit of their products and that their profitability will increase significantly. “Study – tcl (000100): lcd?”
In the semiconductor photovoltaic industry, the middle ring will reinforce the silicon and chip advantages and drive production through technological innovation.
Eternality, accelerating the construction of the photovoltaic industrial chain, enhancing the ability of competing and globalized products based on stacked tiles, achieving global leadership in semiconductor photovoltaics; semiconductor materials, public
The Division will contribute in an orderly manner to the coverage of the various power semiconductor chips and integrated circuit chips by further upgrading the service capacity of the 12 inch product to advanced process clients and increasing the market share, based on maintaining a central ring leading by 8-12 inches of the power semiconductor chip lead.
The Division will pursue strategic opportunities for the development of China’s integrated circuit industry, focusing on global competition, accelerating core capacity-building, harnessing synergies in industry, and increasing its profitability.
1) Korea’s exit is not as expected: 2) The panel price is not as good as expected: 3) Downstream demand is not as expected. Core view: Re-engineering supply and demand patterns, valuation hub upgrades, profitability upgrades, panel pole valuations.
From South Korea to Taiwan to mainland China, the industry as a whole is now mature and it is difficult to create new industrial transfer sites. The highest number of the high-generation production line of lcd is in China, which includes 10.5/11 generation production lines of the highest generation of the continent’s exclusive industries, with the technological, cost-conversion advantages of the high-generation generation, and its high cost.
Capital spending, the national producer, has built a very wide moat in the lcd area. Japanese manufacturers have long withdrawn from the competition because of the panel, the growing capital input, and Korean producers have moved away from the lcd area because of the cost shock of the continent's 10.5/11 generation, while Chinese Taiwanese producers have to rely on the old line at the small feet.
So, in the Icd area, not only will there be no new entrants to the production line in the future, but the existing rivals will gradually withdraw from the competition sequence, the supply side of the Icd will be greatly improved, and the overall supply will be stable in the future. And the Icd will be compounded by costs and large-screening advantages, as well as by the progressive spread of 4k/8k, icd.
China’s mainland producers will have a strong and sustained profitability. In addition to the mature lcd fields, national producers will also be heavily placed in new directions such as miniled, unled, and so on.
Big breakthrough: National flagships have achieved small-scale production in the area of miniled, accelerated catch-up in the area of oled, multiple production lines are on a production slope, and in 2020 they have infiltrated the international chain of major clients, with a promising future of growth. Overall, the national flagship is highly certain about future performance, and the liquid crystal panel will move into a balance of supply and demand.
In the new era, where the new frontier is growing rapidly, the industry is moving towards a historic cycle, adding to its own growth, promising to double-click Davis, requiring a higher valuation of the pioneers. In summary, we see the profitability of tcl technology in areas such as semiconductor displays. In semiconductor displays, publics.
The Division is one of the two-lined domestic panels with five large-sized lcd panel lines, of which t1, t2 and t6 lines remain fully productive, t10 suline at q2 and table, t7 line is on schedule to climb up the slope, one of which will reach production this year; in the small-scale area, companies are increasing their research and development innovations, and t3ltps production lines continue to enrich the product structure, plus
Strong clients work together to further raise profitability, t4 flexible aoled production at the end of the line, soft folding screens, as brand clients grow in new engine sizes, and as the second and third stages of equipment move in, they will make a breakthrough on new customers. At the same time, the company captures the emerging medium sizes as applications show high growth and traditional medium-size products.
In the field of semiconductor photovoltaics and materials, the middle-ring semiconductor captures the gold opportunities of the industry and speeds up the process from the technical point of view.
The company focuses on the development and integration of two platform-level technologies, g12 large-scale silicon tablets and high-efficiency tiles, in order to make industrial 4.0 and smart-smart manufactures, to harness the technical and technological advantages of products, and to enhance industrial competitiveness.
1. Corporate performance trends are highlighted by the strong driving force of the panel ' s main business, corporate performance trends: corporate profile 1.1 shows the panel ' s lead in manufacturing, tcl technology is one of the two cutting edges of the national production panel, with semiconductor displays, semiconductor photovoltaics and semiconductors in the main business
The company was founded in 1981 as a ttk household appliances company, starting with mobile phones and home appliances. In 2000, tcl opened the path to internationalization. The company was growing and was successfully listed in late 2004.
In 2009, the company formally established the China Star Phototech Ltd., which opened the era of self-production of the lcd panel. According to corporate intelligence, in 2019, the company had the second largest sales of television sets in the world, with operations in more than 160 countries and regions around the world. In 2019, the company completed asset restructuring, stripped the terminals and their accompanying operations, and focused on displaying panel research and development.
The company's acquisition of Suzhou's tristar in 2020 showed and Mumia International in 21q2 and promoted horizontally the expansion of high-quality and high-quality production, contributing to the expansion of the size and efficiency of the power tcl and increasing the size of the module's production capacity; and the company's withdrawal of 100% of the Central Ring Group's equity and 20q4 in the same year, which led to the introduction of the photovolt industry.
The vertical development of the new energy and semiconductor track further optimizes the industrial structure of the company. Figure 1: The tcl science and technology development history.
The largest share, 8.3%, is the company’s first shareholder. The company holds a share of more than 80% of Chinese PV. In May 2021, the company issued an announcement that it intended to raise RMB 5 billion in its own funds to tcl-star, to put in place and continuously improve the structure and layout of its products and new display technology development and applications, while raising the company’s profitability.
Since 2019, the company has adapted its business plates to remove its weak income growth mobile terminal operations, focusing on displaying the panel operations. After the mid-rings in 2020, its main collection came from semi-conductor display operations, semiconductor photovoltaics and materials operations, and distribution operations, which together account for the income from the main battalion operations.
98 per cent, with two major revenue contributions coming from the flag subsidiary tclhua star and the middle ring semiconductor. 1.2 Corporate business: the main block is connected, the core business is continuously active. The company consists mainly of four major business groups: semiconductor displays and materials, semiconductor photovolts and semiconductor materials, industrial gold.
In 2019, after the company's assets were restructured, the panel created the core location. In 2020, the Central Ring Group, whose main business structure consisted of semiconductor displays and materials, semiconductors and new energy materials, industry finance, and investments, and other operations.
Mainly panel-manufacturing operations around tcl-star photovoltaics; industrial finance and investment, mainly for productive inclusion and optimized asset allocation; semiconductor and new energy materials, mainly through the holding of central ring shares; and other business owners, e-product distribution through direct stock-holdings in the HUF, multi-industry linkages, promoting industrial synergies and expansion
1.2.1 Semiconductor Displays and Material Operations: Intra- and Intra-Extragenic Expanding Energy
In the first half of the twentieth century, the epidemic and the decline in panel prices did not alter the company ' s ability to break out, adding to the second half of the year ' s recovery of demand, improvements in the supply structure and negative growth in the performance of Chinastar.
Figure 5: Changes in income from PV on HPV on HPV, Figure 6: Changes in NPV on HPV on tcl, which is currently well developed, producing products mainly for household displays, business displays and small and medium-sized ones
The size shows that the market is far ahead. The company’s tv panel is the second largest market in the world, and the ltps panel has the third largest market share in the world. In large size panels, the 55-inch panel share is the second largest, 32-inch market share in the world, and the 65-75-inch market share rises to the second, 75-inch market share in the world.
The tcl-Star Power has six production lines, with a total investment of nearly $200 billion. The company has now invested in two g8.5, two g11lcd plants, one g6ltps and one g6 flexible amoled.
The t1, t2, t6, the t3ltps board line, the t4 line, the t4 line, the t4 stage, the t3 stage, the t7 line, the 20q4 volume of the production slope. The company is expected to grow by more than 50% after acquiring the t3Sg8.5 line in Suzhou, and to expand its in- and out-of-the-life multiple-viability capacity.
The company is expected to increase its production capacity by 2020, its high-quality client support company is growing steadily, and its strategic clients are working together effectively and actively on emerging markets. The company’s large-scale panels rank first in the country’s top six full-time suppliers, t3 production lines, 6 generations of ltps.
The product-to-line brands represent 80% of first-line mobile brands and are working well with first-line brands such as Samsung, tcl, millet, and millet.
1.2.2 Industrial finance and investment operations: finance and investment operations: finance for productive purposes, capital for productive activities. Corporate industrial finance and investment operations are carried out mainly by tcl industrial finance and tcl capital, and industrial finance includes mainly group finance operations and supply chain finance operations.
Enhancing industrial liquidity and foreign exchange risk management, supply chain finance for SMEs up-and-down in the supply chain to finance liquidity needs, and improving the efficiency of the company’s supply chain operations to support the flexibility of industrial finance to enhance corporate efficiency.
The cumulative capital investment of 126 projects, with tcl creating investment management funds of more than 9 billion and tcl generating cumulative investments in medium-sized, and more than 130 companies listed on the market. Companies are investing in the infrastructure through capital management in new industries such as display technologies, semiconductors, etc., to promote corporate business synergy and investment efficiency, and to create a virtuous industry development ecological chain.
1.2.3 Semiconductor and New Energy Materials: Acquisition of the Central Ring Group, which opened a new track for the main camp, was established in 2002 as a large consortium of State-owned assets authorized by the municipality of Tianjin, whose main asset is the business of photovoltaic silicone material and components. The acquisition also includes shares in the Tianjinpurin circuit, a central subsidiary of the Central Ring.
The company’s controlling assets, Tianjinpurin, are mainly engaged in the development, manufacture and sale of pcb printed circuit boards. China’s ring and its subsidiaries have well-developed industrial chain structures, which together promote production of solar silicon tablets, solar cells, solar assemblies and semiconductor materials and devices in the semiconductor sector.
Photovoltaics became a high-speed development industry, and companies are expected to become global photovoltaic leading companies; semiconductor silicons are central components of integrated circuits, closely linked to China's integrated circuit strategy. The Chinese conglomerates are well advanced in their business development, and business logic is similar to that of each other.
Figure 14: Central ring product coverage area 1.3 Corporate finance: the epidemic did not break out throughout the year and the company ' s performance significantly increased 76.680 billion yuan in operating income in 2020, an increase of 33.9 per cent in the same year, and net profits of 5.07 billion yuan.
The same increase of 42.1 per cent, which affected the epidemic at the beginning of the year, led to a decline in corporate revenues and net profits in the first quarter, but firm-wide strategic planning to accelerate globalization and improve cost-control efficiency, followed by the recovery of demand in the second half of the year, has begun to release the profitable elasticities of the industry’s high profile business plates, together contributing to the continued positive growth of corporate performance.
Billion dollars, 24.1 per cent ring growth; fourth quarter revenues of $14.39 billion, 11.8 per cent ring growth; the epidemic does not change the trend of corporate performance throughout the year, benefiting from a return in global demand; the reversal of market supply and demand structures triggers higher panel prices; and corporate performance in the second half of the year is reversed and high growth is achieved.
To benefit from improved demand, tcl’s performance in the second half of the 20th century has rebounded rapidly, and tcl achieved a net profit of about $700 million in the third quarter of the year, reversing the loss, and a net profit of 2,428 million throughout the year. In the broader context of improved supply and demand structures, three or four quarters of panel prices have continued to rise, adding to the company’s efficient structural decline.
The company’s good financial position, a strong capital structure, and a good basis for expansion. Net operating cash flows in 2020 exceeded their level of last year’s full year, cash flows improved, and the cost rate for the company continued to decline for the period 2020.
The net annual operating cash flow amounted to $16.7 billion, a 45.3 per cent increase in the same calibre, a steady cash flow and a stable asset structure. In recent years, the asset-liability ratio of companies has ranged from 60 to 70 per cent, and in 2020 the asset-liability ratio has been increasing the company ' s investment in technology research and development, with lower costs.
Laboratories, strategic entry to Jöled, Japan, have increased their investment in technology research and development by 5.74 per cent in 2020, an increase of 1.21 percentage points over the same period. The company’s cost of sales has declined significantly in recent years, thanks to the company’s fine cost controls and excellent industry chain management.
A good basis for increasing market penetration in order to sustain the expansion of capacity. 1.4 Corporate technology: technological innovation continues to break out, research and development is leading the industry.
In the area of scientific research, the company's strategic investment in the field of science and research is Jöled, which is designed to produce a printed picture of the ecological construction of the industrial chain, and a joint laboratory is being established with the Sanan semi-carrier.
Figure 24: Corporate pct international patent applications The company's active presentation of technology is advanced in fields such as mini-led, micro-led, oled, print displays The first global launch of the 142 inch ggzo glass-based mled display, first 48 inch 8kin-celltouch
Ammini-led backlighted vehicle screens greatly expand downstream demand creation and user experience. The company 20q4 acquired Motaka International, expanded large-scale whole machine modules and mini-led production capabilities, while working with the Tri-Advanced semiconductor to advance micro-led technology research and development, creating a strong impetus for downstream market space.
On the other hand, the company has accelerated the development of super-comprehensive screens, screen fingerprinting techniques, and has continued to upgrade the ratio of incell/cof to blind products.
qled/oled panel business: Wieswig PV has developed a new source of key materials with autonomous ip, which has started to be supplied in bulk. The company's strategic entry to the stockjoled continues to drive the production of flexible qled/oled printing.
On qled, the company launched a full-volume print qled model of 31 inches4k, and the research and development team, the inchamoled cloud screen and the 17 inch print oled scroll screen, provided new guidance for future oeld displays of technological innovation, and many of the first global technologies opened up new ideas for future panels.
In recent years, the company has continued to optimize its talent structure, with a steady increase in the proportion of high-level talent. After restructuring in 2019, the total share of masters and doctorates in the company has risen to 25%, with a marked increase in the number of high-precision talent. By 2020, the number of research and development technicians in the company had increased by 32.51%.
The ratio continues to rise, leading to an effective structural integration of talent, a focus on technology development, and a continuous upscaling of companies to new technology 2. Supply and demand-stressed liquid crystal panels into the longest price-up cycle.
Since 2017, in order to continuously improve their competitiveness in the panel market, mainland producers have been investing in high-generation production lines. In recent years, the continent’s multiple g 10.5 and g11 high-generation lines have been entering peak production periods, with large amounts of supply released, causing overwatering in the panel industry, market prices are constantly being explored, and the prices of the panels have been at a low level in the second quarter of 2020.
The epidemic caused a serious imbalance in supply demand, with panel prices recovering strongly in mid-2020. Changes in lifestyle, such as home segregation, teleworking, and online education, affected the epidemic by the epidemic, significantly increased the demand for downstream electronic equipment, and increased demand for pull panels. On the supply side: equally affected by the epidemic, panel manufacturers delayed businesses.
The resumption of work has led to a sharp reduction in the panel supply. The massive excess supply at the beginning of the year led to the announcement of a shutdown or conversion of the head Korean panel, and the onset of the epidemic has undoubtedly accelerated the process. Thus, the price of the liquid crystal panel has been warming since the end of the second quarter of 2020.
The price of the panels rose by more than 100 per cent: the 32-inch panel price increased by the most rapidly than 169 per cent: 43 inches to 55 inches of ultra-highly fine panel prices rose by more than 100 per cent; the price of large panels of 65 inches and above increased by more than 75 per cent; and the liquid crystal panel industry increased by the largest in the last 10 years.
In general, the high-generation panel production line is about 2-3 years (of which the production line has been built for 18 months, with a high rate of post-partum capacity climbing up the slopes).
It takes about 10 months to rise. The LCD high-generation production line is usually more than six generations, producing 32 inches of large-scale LCD. Since 2017, several high-generational production lines in the country have significantly increased the end-of-the-world capacity of the world's surface supply, resulting in global LCD prices entering the lower route, and Korean plants are gradually withdrawing from LCD.
Korea’s producers are gradually withdrawing from the lcd market, and only five production lines are now expected to accelerate in 2021. In 2015, they began to be affected by China’s investment in LCD, and several 8.5-generation LCDs were put into production to drive LCDs.
The panel market is more supply than demand, and the panel price is falling. And the panel price drops down the lcd production line profit, and Korean manufacturers, as industry leaders, gradually turn their eyes to a more future source, and gradually shut down the lcd line and reduce their capacity since 2016.
Electricity investment in higher generation 10.5 and 11 generation production lines has hit the seventh and eighth generation of Korea’s line with a downward shock. The 11 generation line, for example, has an efficiency of about 94% in 65 inches, while the 7.5 generation line is only 53%, causing the South Korean panel industry to lose its competitiveness completely in the lcd field and to accelerate its exit from the historical arena.
Now that the global market’s high generation of lcd crystallines has stopped expanding, there are no new production lines, and new production can rely on existing production lines to climb up the slopes, along with Korea’s exit from the lcd market, the global supply has started to decline.
Most of the construction was completed by 2011, with continental production lines such as the 8.5 generation line in Kyodong and the PV in Huastar were constructed mainly in 2011-2015, while the higher generation of the 10.5 generation line in Kyodong (bubb9, Wuhanb17) and the 11 generation line in Hsien Shenzhen (T6) were completed in 2017-2019 and the only high generation line in 2020.
In addition, the global high-generation liquid crystal panel has not released any new production-line energy, which has been largely increased through productivity uphills and technological improvements in production processes.
High-generation large-scale production capacity is above 7 generation lines, and there are currently 39 production lines in the global tft-lcd liquid crystal panel 7 and above. China has 18 production lines in total: 6 (4 g8.5.2 g10.5), 4 (2 g8.5, 2 g11), 4 x 4 (4 g8.6) and
China Electronics 3 (1 g 8.5, 2 g8.6), Rainbow Photovoltaic 1 g 8.6; Korea Tristar and lgd together count 9 production lines and are scheduled to withdraw in 2021, with only 8.5 generation line in ligd Guangzhou retained; Taiwan has 7 production lines; and Japan has 5 production lines.
In 2020-2021, six of the world’s high-generation production lines had additional capacity, and five production lines were about to be withdrawn. In the context of the growing capacity of mainland Chinese manufacturers, Japanese manufacturers were unable to follow up on corporate finances due to the decline in panel prices, with Taiwan-based producers opting for differentiated sizes and high-tech content products, while South Korea was in a position to do so.
Producers began to phase out the lcd market, shifting their resources to the area of oled. Starting in 2019, the three stars and the high lgd generation line began to decline production, with a combined reduction of 353k in 2019. At the end of the year.
8.5 Generation Lines, which will withdraw from their p7 and p8 lines: The specific capacity: Three Stars is expected to complete two 2021 LCDs in 2021, mainly for mainland Chinese manufacturers. As a result of the withdrawal of Japanese and Korean manufacturers, Taiwan manufacturers produce small and medium-sized panels, and in 2021, the global LCD high-generation line of production was largely dominated by mainland Chinese manufacturers.
Global high-generation new production capacity totals about 320k/month, including the capacity uphills of existing production lines and the volume of new production lines. New production lines include g11-generation (t7) of Chinese star photovoltaics, and g8.6-generation (h5) of Hueko, with new production expected to be 85k/month and 90k/month in 2021.
According to dscc, in 2019, the global LCD production capacity remained largely stable. In summary, we aggregate the global LCD additions and exits, assuming that they are lined with linear changes.
Both the addition and withdrawal of capacity were completed in four quarters of the year, resulting in a change in global LCD output from 2020 to 2021. As can be seen, with the withdrawal of six high-generation production lines from Japan and Korea, adding up to national production capacity, the net additions to the global LCD production line in the quarter of 2021 were approximately 367.5 million square metres and 655,000 square metres, respectively.
Square rice, 430,000 square metres, 430,000 square metres, a 1.2 per cent increase in the global average ring capacity per quarter in 2021, with supply remaining stable overall. 2.2 Demand side: tv,it,car pull demand increased
2.2.1 tv End: Large-scale trends are evident, driven by the “home economy” of the epidemic and active fiscal policy abroad, demand from overseas markets rebounded retaliatoryly in the second half of 2020. According to the omdia report, global television output reached 225.4 million in 2020.
The highest number since 2013, the 2020q4 global television single-quarter delivery reached 70.2 million. Throughout the year, the North American market recorded 51.9 million shipments, the first of which exceeded 50 million in a single year, and the Chinese market, 48 million. There was no significant drop in the overseas epidemic, and the epidemic will affect the housing economy to keep the demand on television on hold.
With steady growth, we expect that television output will remain stable at high levels throughout the year 2021, and that the supply-demand relationship will remain tight by adding up to the capacity of the panel. The average size of tv will continue to grow, with big screens becoming one of the main drivers of development.
The share of panels has increased significantly, with 55 inch growth of 1.1% and 65 inch growth of 1.6% in recent years, with the average size of the tv panel increasing by about one inch per year, and the average size of the ecdtv panel in 2020 being about 47.1 inches, the intergenerational line. As the size of the panel grows, national producers with higher generations are expected to benefit first.
The global panel industry was volatile in 2020, with the first half of the year rewinding prices affected by the epidemic, and the second half of the year began to rebound strongly due to demand-driven price pulls. tv was the largest application of the lcd panel, with volume in the year 2020 showing a v-shaped reversal, a surge in demand driven by the epidemic, and a major growth driver.
According to data released by avcrevo, the volume of global television billboards in 2020 amounted to 272 million pieces, a decrease of 5.4 per cent from the same year: the global billboard volume was 169 million square metres, compared with 3.6 per cent in 2018, 11.1 per cent in 2019 and 6.1 per cent in 2019, respectively, and the overall capacity of television panels increased clearly in 2020.
Global television panels continue to move toward larger sizes, with large-scale production increasing, and small-sized panels significantly reducing their volume. In 2020, in terms of small sizes, 32 inches and below were affected by market shifts, resulting in a large volume of deliveries.
Growth, with a small 2 per cent increase in the 55 inch output; and a more significant increase in the volume of large-sized panels, which benefited from a 10.5 generation rise in the productivity of continental producers, with a significant increase in the volume of 65/75 inch output, of 16 per cent and 43 per cent, respectively.
More than 50% of China’s mainland panel producers were able to produce more than 50% a year. Specifically, in 2020, the top five of the world’s television panels were in Kyoto East, PV, PV, PV, and lgd, respectively.
17.06 per cent, a decline of 12 per cent in the same year, with 29.9 million square metres, an increase of 3 per cent in the same year, mainly Wuhan, 10,000 pieces, about 14.6 per cent globally, a decrease of 2 per cent in the same year, 26.6 million square metres, a significant increase in the same year.
In view of the global penetration rate of 53.4%, it is expected to reach 63% in 2023. A significant increase in penetration will lead to a rapid increase in demand with super-high panels.
The World Cup has been delayed by the epidemic, and the recovery of events will be a powerful boost to the demand for television. Trendforce expects that global television output will reach 223 million in 2021, an increase of 2.8% over the previous 2.8%.
Television shows a full-time, 8k-high-quality experiment. The event will promote 8k television coverage, with the hope that demand for motion panels will increase.
As a result, we expect that 8k/4k HDTV will benefit from the twin-tracking of the European Cup and the Tokyo Olympics in 2021, and the demand for the tv panel is expected to remain strong.
In response to the impact of the epidemic, the output of its end-products (desktops, laptops, tablets) increased significantly as a result of events such as home-based work, web courses, and home-based entertainment. According to group-thinking data, the global market for monitors was close to 140 million in 2020, an increase of 8 per cent compared to the previous year, and the volume of display panels reached in 2020.
By 160 million, a 17 per cent increase in the same year, demand for 2021 will remain strong, and it is expected that the volume of display panels will reach 173 million pieces, a 9 per cent increase in the same year. In addition, it will also benefit from large sizes, showing panel flat figure 36: global volume of lcdmonitor shipments and their speed of increase.
Figure 37: Average size of the global display panel, in: inch, with a strong demand for electricity, is expected to be a new growth point for the panel. As the electronics industry flourished globally and in China, the size of the electricity market grew and demand for the monitors grew at a high rate.
The Chinese Play Industry Report 2020, published by the Game Industry Institute of China (gpc), recorded real sales revenue of $13,557 million in the electronics market in 2020, an increase of 44.16 per cent compared to the 44.16 per cent; the number of users of video games reached 488 million, an increase of 9.65 per cent compared to the 9.65 per cent.
The show panel (100hz and above), with 5.4 million pieces, is expected to grow to 11.1 million by 2020. It is expected that the e-competing market will continue to expand in size in the future, with a steady increase in the number of users and a strong demand for monitors, or will become a new growth point in demand for the display panel.
Global laptops grew by more than 20% in 2020 and panels by more than 20%. With the impact of the new crown, online education and teleworking became the mainstream, driving the demand for laptops to release. According to statista, global laptops grew by 22.48% in 2020 by the same year.
In 2021, more than 216 million laptops are expected to be delivered. According to Omdia, in 2020, the volume of laptop panels increased by 27 per cent on a year-on-year basis; delivery is expected to reach 229 million tablets in 2021, an increase of 7 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
At least until the first half of 2021, figure 41: Global laptop panel output and its acceleration
The epidemic contributed to an increase in global flat-plate demand in 2020. The impact of the epidemic on flat-plate markets has tended to be positive. The demand for remote office, online education, and home-based entertainment has led to an increase in flat-plate demand, which, according to omdia, increased by 64% over the second quarter of 2020.
According to witsview, the volume of global flat panels was 209.9 million in 2019, and omdia expects global flat panels to grow by 16.45% on a year-on-year basis in 2020. As the epidemic continues, online office and education needs are maintained in a strong state, with an expected increase in panel demand in 2021.
2.2.3 Mobile phones, vehicle panels: Launching a new growth area 1.89 billion pieces of smartphone panels worldwide in 2020, an increase of 6 per cent over the same year. The impact of the first half of the epidemic hit 1,292 million smartphones globally in 2020, a decrease of 5.9 per cent over the second half of the year.
The market is warming, adding a 5-g switch, and the cellular output ring ratio is improving. In 2020, cellular panels continued to grow, increasing by up to 20 q4 per quarter, with a global single season of 570 million pieces, a 17 per cent increase over the same period.
The ratio of lcd panels to the structure is 62%. From year to year, Kyoto is ranked first in the volume of 408 million mobile panels, mainly a-si, which accounts for 70% of the volume of smartphone panels in Kyoto.
About 240 million, of which more than 160 million will be exported from the Chinese market, the market share is about 67.7 per cent, and idc is expected to occupy more than 50 per cent of the global market by 2023. The penetration rate of 5g has gradually increased. In the Chinese market, according to data published by the Chinese Institute of Information and Communications, in December 2020, the Chinese market will have 5g mobile phones.
With 18.2 million shipments, or 68.4 per cent of the total number of mobile phones delivered during the same period, and with the continued improvement of the 5g base station and the introduction of the operator ' s concessionary fee package, it is expected that the 5g switch will lead to a full roll-out of smartphones, as shown in figure 46: global smartphone projections (millions)
Figure 47: Global output of 5g mobile phones (millions) – a 15 per cent drop in the same year, and the recovery in the Chinese market – is evident, with a yearly sales volume of 2,531.1 million, a 1.9 per cent drop in the same year. We expect that with the easing of the epidemic overseas, 2021 – the global vehicle will be released as the demand is reduced by the epidemic.
Car smartness trends are evident, and higher levels of powered vehicle vehicle vehicle vehicle vehicle traffic displays will boost the demand for board panels. Car board penetration is increasing in the context of car intelligence trends, and there is a clear trend of high-screening of vehicles by traditional and new energy producers.
As their sales increase, the average size and quantity of the entire panel will increase, driving the load panel to grow. According to omdia, the global volume of vehicle monitors in 2020 was 136 million, a 16% decline compared to the same year, but the 10 inch face is rising in reverse, with the volume of shipments reaching 30,850,000, an increase of 32.7% compared to the 32,7% in vehicles.
The size of the board is moving towards larger sizes. 2020q312.3 inches of board output is 32.7%, 10.2 inches of panels 20.2%, which together exceed 50%, and the large-sized panel is gradually becoming the market mainstream. 2.3 Price ends: supply and demand are tight, cyclical and panel prices are growing steadily.
tv panel has a significant supply and demand gap and prices have been rising. The problem with the supply of panels affected by the epidemic became apparent in February-March 2020, with small increases in panel prices, which dropped to low levels in April-May with the recovery of the industrial chain and lower demand in the early days of the epidemic. According to the above, the supply end was pulled out by no additional production line, while the Korean plant lost production.
An already existing production line is not as high as expected due to the impact of the epidemic, with some panels transferring tv capacity to the IT/Commercial Area, resulting in a severe shortage of tv panels and a substantial increase in prices.Inches of liquid crystal television panels, with a price of $32/68/86/106/165 respectively, increased by December 2020
In the month, the price per piece of the 32/43/50/55/65 inch LCD panel amounted to $89,139/205/228/291, while the overall increase was less than the tv panel in August 2020, and after the 21st year of entry, it increased markedly. The display panel showed a price of 21.5/23.8/27 in August 2020.
On the whole, the increase in the panel was lower than the tv panel, but as downstream demand warmed, the price of the panel rose 21 years later, with a sharp increase in the ring margin before the increase, and a clear future upward trend. From historical data, the price of the panel has now risen to almost five years of high prices and high intergenerational dividends.
Both tv and tt panel prices have reached a 16-year cycle high, and a large increase in panel prices will directly improve the profitability of panel producers. Compared to the previous round of panel ups and upswings in the first half of the year, prices are stable and high throughout the year, and average net interest rates for panel producers will improve significantly, and the continent will see a significant improvement in net interest rates.
With a high generation dividend of 10.5 and 11 generations, and with a technological and cost advantage, manufacturers will perform well throughout the year.
3.1 National producers are expected to adapt to new patterns, valuation hubs are expected to upgrade LCD production to the mainland, and the ratio of LCD production to the mainland is constantly rising. The panel has a highly standardized feature, with the exception of sizes, where the variable properties of the products of the various panel manufacturers are weak, leading to a high profile in the panel industry.
In retrospect, new entrants can always rely on the construction of high-generation production lines and hit old producers with technological and cost advantages, so the liquid crystal panel industry has moved quickly, experiencing such industrial shifts as Japan, Korea, Taiwan, and mainland China.
The high price of the cycle (17q2), followed by the construction of several high-generation production lines, and, under the impact of multiple g 10.5 generation production, offshore production was gradually squeezed: Korea started the shift to the oled earlier, the plant owner was forced to rely on low-generation production lines to find different competitive opportunities in small- and medium-sized markets, while Japanese manufacturers were driven by financial problems.
According to the congener’s consulting data, China’s share of the surface area from the panel plant was 54.7 per cent in 2020, of which Tokyo East and tcl-Star held a market share of 34.3 per cent. With the arrival of projects such as M & A restructuring of national producers in 2021, the share of national producers will further increase, forming a two-column pattern of competition.
The lcd panel technology has slowed down, and in the near future there will be no new lines of production for the short term, and the supply and demand of the industry has stabilized and cyclically slowed down. At this stage, the lcd panel industry is concentrated in mainland China, unlike the previous transfer of capacity, at this stage no new industrial carrying area has been seen, and with the gradual withdrawal of the Korean plant, the mainland manufacturer has been able to move forward.
With technology and cost advantages, it is expected to reduce the share of the company, with the lcd panel industry having a cut-off voice, its panels, where the industry is relatively well-established from abroad, and the mainland is expected to re-form the industry. There are currently 55 a-si/lgzo lines for the global production of IT products, with a large and dispersed number of industry participants, similar to the one in the past.
In the previous pattern of the tv panels, which operated over 15 years at 38%, more than 10 years at 76%, and g8 generation and above at 27%. Compared to the continental panel lines, the foreign production lines are very old and are leaving naturally and competitively, and it is hoped that as mainland China’s producers increase their profile in the field of the IT sector, they will crowd out.
Three of the lcd lines are full, the t7 lines are rapidly climbing up the slopes, the sus-state lines are folded and the company is perfected in the field of large-scale lcd. The t9 line is the company’s last puzzle in the area of lcd.
The line has 180k/month capacity, of which the production capacity of the product will reach about 15% of the current global market.
An absolute monopoly on the small- and medium-sized int panel market provides companies with new performance growth points. LCDs have become less cyclical, market prices have stabilized, leading producers in the continent have increased profitability, long-term bargaining power has increased, potential for future development is high, and the overall valuation of the industry is expected to increase.
The industry as a whole is vulnerable to significant losses as a result of (1) being subject to the cyclical effects of the industry’s limited sustainable profitability, with each time new entrants expand their production and release, and when panel prices are affected by large fluctuations. At the same time, the production lines of large prior investments run the risk of being replaced by more intergenerational lines of later entrants, with a lack of sustainable development capacity.
At this stage, the main advanced production capacity of the LCD panel is concentrated in mainland China, with overseas producers only partially producing low-generation lines and no new entrants in the near future, so the LCD industry will be permanently dominated by mainland Chinese manufacturers over the long term, with supply-side stability, and supply and demand will be expected to remain high for the long term after 21 years.
A sustainable increase in the profitability of panel producers. With the increase in city occupancy, Chinese mainlanders, such as tcl-tech, will greatly increase their bargaining power over their products and increase their profitability.
In terms of contrasts and colours, Mini led has similar performances to those of the uned, with lower costs and longer useful lives. tcl is currently the first producer to develop and produce the first miniled TV, and is expected to do so in 2021 at the demand of downstream head-head customers.
Gradually. Avcrevo data predicts that in 2021, the size of the miniled backlight television will reach 4 million, while the accelerated commercialization of the miniled technology will significantly extend the life cycle of the lcd products. 3.2 Horizontal M&A+ longitudinal expansion, with multidimensional enabling performance expansion
tclWasam acquired 60% of the title and 100% of the property of the Samsung 8.5 generation plant in Suzhou and built a production niche. Samsung, as the former lcd leader, has advanced teams and good technology in the field of panel manufacturing. Susang 's 8.5 generation lcd plant currently produces 120k/month, and the module plant produces 3.5m/month.
Upon completion of the transaction, the company will increase its shareholding to 70 per cent, on the basis of 10 per cent of the original shareholding in the Tristar lcd plant in Suzhou, and will be able to effectively integrate advanced processes and technologies made by the lcd panel, improve productivity and create full production integration advantages.
The three stars will be introduced as a China Star strategic replenishment, which will enhance the partnership between the two sides, make full use of the management advantages of the star and increase the resilience of the company’s performance. The three stars will show a small increase in the amount of $739 million for 60% of the stock of the ssl, and the three stars will show a 12.33% share in the stock of the star.
Important clients will be closely linked after the transaction is completed, further enhancing the company’s ability to expand its channels. Thanks to the company’s highly experienced efficiency, the company’s management costs have been steadily reduced in recent years, and companies will continue to exercise managerial advantages and enhance company performance resilience after the acquisition of the country’s three stars.
Figure 60: Changes in the stock structure of ssl before and after the acquisition
tclSat7 production started at 20q4 and was designed to produce 90k/month, with a projected full output of 21q2 and a expected further increase in the share of public and divisional capacity. According to dscc data, with continued integration and additional capacity climbing in mainland China, it is expected that the share of lcd production in mainland China will be over 60% in 2022, and companies will do it.
The company’s external acquisition of Samsung and t7 production lines in Suzhou will lead to 2 11- and 3 8.5-generation lines, 620 k/month high-generation capacity, a sustained increase in productivity, and a further increase in industry concentration.
At present, 1 11-generation monthly production capacity of 90k in size, 1 11-generation monthly production capacity of 90k production line of 20q4 and the acquisition of 3 stars in Suzhou will result in a 8.5-generation production line of 3 and a further increase in the size of the production capacity. Once this round is completed, the supply and demand of the panels will be accelerated, and production capacity will be further concentrated to the top, driving the supply of the industry.
Pattern re-engineering and increased concentration of industries. 3.3 Technological innovation is endless, driving the display of new demand creation of 3.3.1 new display technologies mini-led
Mini-led, also known as the sub-millimetre diode, is a display that consists mainly of dozens of micro-sized leds, an upgrade based on lcd, whose main advantage is to increase contrasts and enhance image performance. Unlike the traditional lcd panel, the mini-led can make Led backlights even smaller, on the same screen.
More light beads can be assembled on the screen, leading to more backlight partitions and more finer regional glowing patterns. Figure 65: Technical advantages of Mini-led tcl.
The base mled display and first 48-inch 8-celltouchammini-led backlight roller screens have established a pre-emptive advantage in the area of Mini-led. The company is currently publishing multi-products in the area of Mini-led and has achieved numerous processes and technological innovations in the tv display, including mled, 8k resolution, hdr, and arc
New, with 8 k star screens with higher brightness, hypercomprehensiveness and super-intensity colour tables than the traditional lcd screens, figure 66: multi-process innovations shown by tcl-star at tv mled technology
hdr Pixel-level partition control light with pure product resolution up to 7680 x
The high dynamic range shows that technology changes from the traditional four-sided and straight angles to the properties of the black, bright, high-coloured domain.
4320, with a sharp and thin (high-dynamic twirly corner) to make the house more beautiful.
With a high durability, low-power, bloated image effect, it's high contrast, it's high contrast.
At the same time, the round angles can give people a sense of softness, and the advantage is the combination of lcd technology, which is used in areas such as wide power.
Low-reflection rate technology, retrenchment to a more real milestone, the first global gizzo glass-based active mled screen is a technological extension of the Chinese star on the Mini-led.
With a minimum of 11 inches of integration, it will be able to re-innovate in the field of scaffolding the big screens and achieve multiple screen coverages. The product will provide a pure black image of a million contrasts and a wider dynamic display range. The gzo glass base active product will achieve a large screen integration using a flexible "second unit system" and will not depend on a full-size ceiling.
Even superscreens can be combined into residential buildings and office buildings, and their downstream applications can cover a variety of commercial scenes such as the heart of command, cinema, office meeting screens, etc. Mled backlight screens are posted in vehicle displays to provide better driving experience.
The large-scale mled backsliding screens can cross the entire a column, integrating the dashboard, central control, and copilot entertainment, and better combining with car interiors, with excellent driving experiences. Products not only provide more comfort, a better operating sense, but also a suspended touch control function, making screen gestures a reality.
New products can be applied in a variety of areas, creating a good basis for new downstream demand. 3.3.2 The new technology displays micro-led tcl, co-founded a laboratory in Sanan semiconductor, focusing on micro-led technology development.
An integrated layout of materials, processes, equipment and production lines in the micro-led area. Micro-led is an autonomous company that co-financed $300 million to set up a laboratory, with 55 per cent and 45 per cent, respectively, with a focus on engineering chips, bunding, colouring, testing in the micro-led area.
Key technologies such as repair and repair, product layouts can wear displays, high-quality movement displays, vehicle displays and hyper-size spellings. The three APVs were established in 2000 and their main industries consist of led chip, nitrous thorium, microwave integrated circuits, light communications and filters, and the micro-led industry started in 2015-2016, one of the company ' s priority directions.
In 2019, Mi/Micro-led showed the launch of a chip industrialization project in Acid County, where the current large-scale-scale-led chip production is about 19.72% of global capacity.
Together, the two sides will address the key challenges in engineering technology, and it is expected that the printing of the new display technology at the Micro-led technology R & D project will show that it is a method of printing metals, inorganic materials, organic materials by spinning, silk or ink.
Transferring to technologies that make up light displays at the bottom. They have low-cost, flexible, large-area production features. Traditional vacuum plating shows higher technical costs and energy consumption, and more complex production processes. Printing shows technology that uses more than 90% of the material in theory, compared to 5-20% of the traditional oed plating process.
Material use is less expensive and more environmentally friendly. Since printing display techniques do not require vacuum plating cavity and sophisticated metal masking templates, they are not subject to equipment and size constraints, are more productive, and effectively reduce equipment production ... have good development prospects.
The company tclStar has focused on the development of print display technology, relying on the continued tcl star industry, leading the research and development power industry. The company has the only national printing and flexible display innovation centre in Guangdong China under the tclstar flag in 2014.
The rollable flexible prototypes, the gradual introduction of flexible backboard techniques, high-precision inkjet-printing moura-free techniques and soft packaging techniques, etc., provide a good basis for the development of large-scale flexible product displays and drive the continued creation of downstream demand.
The 20q2-star PV strategy is in the form of a joint R&D, patent cooperation, etc., to promote the development of the technology industry, and the production of the oled-printing technology. tcl-Star is funding about RMB2 billion in the form of a 3-year joint R&D in the field of ink-printing oled.
To strengthen technological accumulation and production capacity of both sides in the field of printing oled. Joled was set up in 2015 with co-financing from Sony and Matsumoto, Japan. In the area of printing displays, Joled's technological and technological skills are leading the industry.
The tcl strategy, which works together to promote new innovations in print display technology, is expected to open up more downstream applications.
3.4 The acquisition of the Central Ring to open up new power shares for future growth, thereby holding 25.3 per cent of the share in the Central Ring, became a real controlling party to the Central Ring and formally moved into the semiconductor, photovoltaic and semiconductor material fields, providing a new track for the opening of the company's performance.
The largest share of corporate revenue in 2020 was in new energy materials, accounting for 88.31 per cent of total revenue, followed by semiconductor materials, accounting for 7.09 per cent. The total gross interest rate of companies in 2020 was 18.85 per cent, of which 17.89 per cent was in new energy materials and 17.89 per cent in semiconductor materials.
The rate is 23.07%. With the advent of the era of price parity in the 5g, networking, artificial intelligence and photovoltaic industries, the market downstream applications continue to be applied at a steady rate, contributing to a steady growth in corporate performance. For example, 7.97%, performance growth continues to rise.
Inch full-size silicone production supply capacity. The benefits of downstream market applications have expanded, chip demand has continued to burst, company compound growth has reached 24.5 per cent for nearly four years of semiconductor block operations, and performance growth has continued to break out. Companies have a layout in the 5-12 inch silicon area, with 8-12 inches of silicon remaining in product sectors and technology levels.
The company is now growing robustly by 5-8 inches, with a 30% increase in the same area in 2020. In the case of 8 inches of silicon, the technology of the central ring shares is at the industry level. Top: 12 inches of silicon, the company is now leading in the production of 12 inches of crystal.
Main digital logic chips, storage chip manufacturers. The company has silicon production bases in Ei-Xin and Tianjin, respectively. The current 8-inch capacity amounts to half a million pieces per month, while the 12-inch capacity is expected to be 70,000 pieces per month. The expansion of semiconductor silicon production is expected to continue in 2022.
There is a wide distribution of downstream customers, with overseas sales accounting for 40%, and products that are favoured by domestic and foreign clients, with a steady abundance of resources. The areas of application of the Central Ring semiconductor materials are wide and include consumer electronics, industrial controls, high voltage transmissions, orbital traffic, car chips, mobile phones, and computer chips.
Over the years, the field has accumulated a wealth of high-quality customer resources, and products are favoured by domestic and foreign customers. The variety of marketing channels and the depth of cooperation among high-quality customers provide a broad base of channels for companies to build pre-emptive advantages in the industry, driving industry tcl science and technology to advance into the semiconductor photovoltaic and materials areas of this acquisition, which will grow through industrial synergies.
The new track. The middle ring semiconductor and tcl starlight have now become industry leaders in the field of response, and tcl technology has been able to increase the competitiveness of the two industry leaders by acquiring shares in the middle ring group and moving into the field of new energy and semiconductor materials. The middle ring shares are currently in semiconductor light and semiconductor materials.
The company will invest $10.2 billion, of which $6 billion, will be invested in Tianjin.
The dollar is used to advance the multi-platform operations of the central ring, including the dw smartware project, the efficient stacking of tiles project, and the development of large-scale g12 photovoltaic silicon tablets, providing new dynamic energy for the virtuous development of the central ring 's industry.
In the semiconductor field, the company is one of the two-decks of the domestic panel, with five large sizes of lcd, of which t1, t2 and t2.
t6 production lines remain full, t10 su State lines at q2 and table, t7 lines as planned, one of which will reach production this year; in small sizes, companies are increasing their research and development innovations, t3ltps lines are enriching product formations, client cooperation is enhanced, further profit levels are raised, t4 flexible amoled lines end-of-life, softness
The folding screen increases with the new engine size of brand clients, and as the second and third phases of equipment move in, they will make further breakthroughs on new customers. At the same time, the company has taken advantage of the emerging medium-sized scale to show high-growth applications and traditional medium-size product performance and high demand market opportunities, and has begun to build a new t98.6 generation lcd line, with large,
In the field of semiconductor light and materials, the central ring semiconductor captures the golden opportunities for industrial development and accelerates the expansion from technology to advanced capacity-scale and chain-economy. The company focuses on g12 large-sized silicon tablets and materials.
The development and integration of the two platform-level technologies of the high-efficiency mounding component, which are made from industrial 4.0 and smart-tech manufacturing, yielding hundreds of millions of yuan to the mother ' s net profits of 128.11, 151.55, 16,825 million yuan, corresponding to nine, seven and seven times the amount of pe, and (1) the withdrawal of the Korean factory from the desired level;
(2) Raw materials are missing less than expected; (3) downstream demand is less than anticipated; author with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association to practice securities investment consultancy, and with a diligent and professional attitude, independent and objective approach
Present the present report. The data that I have committed to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of which is based on the author ' s professional integrity and professional competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and concludes, through reasonable judgement, that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, the S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.S.C.C.A., which is a basic form of inquiry for securities investors or customers by the institution that obtains the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority.