The project to invest $10 billion in new materials and new energy projects continues to enrich the product lines.
District Management Committees (hereinafter referred to as “the District Management Committee of the single mountain port”) and Liquefied Air (China) Investments Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “Liquito China”) are to sign the Framework Agreement for Cooperation on the New Materials New Energy Integration Project at the People's Government Convention Centre in Ping Hu City on 20 March 2021
The framework agreement for this new material integration project includes: (1) the company's total investment of approximately $10.2 billion and the proposed investment of 800,000 tons of new annual production in the CMI region.
pdh, 800,000 tonnes of BJC, 120,000 tonnes of NET and attachments, with the full use of surplus hydrogen gas resources, to solve the problem of raw materials for the company ' s hydrogen energy integration project. (2) The liquid is empty of the rich hydrogen gas resources that China intends to rely on in order to establish a company in the region of the Qingshan District Council for the construction of hydrogen gas recharge.
Total equity/flow (millions) Installation stations, hydrogen gas liquefied devices, construction of hydrogen energy strategic cooperative biosphere, promotion of total market value/flow of hydrogen in long-triangular areas (millions)
Development of industry. Phase I construction of a 3,000-ton hydrogen gas filling station and phase II construction of a 11,000-ton-year liquid hydrogen installation and ancillary facilities. (3) The single mountain district board is responsible for leading the coordination of resources, facilitating the successful implementation of the project, and assisting the project to obtain preferential policies at all levels of government.
Support and assistance in the construction of a new energy integration project for new materials made by the satellite petrochemical (002648), the Pacific Chemical Satellite.
The project is planned to start construction by November 2021 and to become operational by June 2024.
Fossilization: A single-quarter and year-round performance of record highs, not following the construction of the 40,000/year eaa project in cooperation with sk on 11 March, to provide strength to high-end materials (details to grow better - 2021/02/23)
As can be seen from the previous tracking points, companies are building new chemical material industries with low-carbon raw materials The petrochemical (002648) satellite chain of [Pacific Chemical], surrounding the Ethylene (forthcoming) and Acrylic (forthcoming) chains, constantly enriching the product lines.
Fossilization: Stock incentives for greater cohesion, 1.25 million tons of acetylene is put into production, maintenance of the buy-in 2 pdh route is mature and profitable
The propane dehydrate acrylic (pdh) has a single, short flow and high rate of collection, cost and environmental advantages, and since the first set of 600,000 tonnes per year was introduced in 2013, the capacity of pdh has grown rapidly and has now reached about 8 million tonnes per year.
Counting that since 2016, the price differential for acrylic-propanes has remained largely within a reasonable range, except for oil prices, where the profit center for acrylic monotons has remained at $1,000 per tonne. The company currently has 900,000 tonnes/year pdh capacity and is located along the eastern coast, and the docks are accessible and dependent.
Near-consumption sites, with the advantage of transport costs. When this project is completed, the company's acrylic capacity will reach 1.7 million tonnes/year, adding up the scale effect and maintaining a better profitability in the medium to long term. Moreover, the 800,000 tonnes/year pdh device is expected to produce by-products of more than 30,000 tonnes/year high pure hydrogen, and liquefied hydrogen.
Air cooperation can increase the value added of by-products.3 The supply and demand patterns of butocoolol are good, and the industry has seen a significant increase in the climate since 2018, with domestic production of formal butangol and octanol, respectively, amounting to about 2.5 million tonnes/year.
The combined capacity was about 5 million tonnes/year, with virtually no additional capacity in 2019 and 2020, while, after the spring season in particular, it was influenced by force majeure in the United States, Germany and Saudi Arabia, as well as by the upturn in crude oil prices.
Tons, at a price of more than $16,000 per ton, are still at a positive butler $13,000 per ton, and octanol 13,500/historical high, despite some recent decline. The production capacity of new octanol is still very limited in the next two years, with only 300,000 tons expected in Guangxi/year planned for 2022.
In 2020, we imported 27.22 million tons of n-B and 26.950 million tons of octanol. The company planned to build 800,000 tons of production per year of b-B-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C. The company is expected to become one of the leading players in the domestic industry, and at the same time a new profit growth point.
Keeping up with the forward profit forecast, we expect the company to return to its net profit from 2020-2022, with its immediate output, steady growth in performance and continued expansion of its rich industrial chain, its growth space, its proposed investment in a $10 billion plus new energy project, and its continued enrichment of product lines.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report