Performance forecast for 2020 is over-expected, c2 operational, satellite petrochemicals (002648.sz) are contributing to high growth.
The event company issued a performance forecast, with the net profit of shareholders in listed companies expected in 2020 to be Ren Wenpo o4 performance significantly improving the performance of enabling companies predicting higher than expected price/price differentials for major products
One of the main reasons for the significant increase in company o4 performance is the difference between the price of acrylic butylene-propane and the price difference of polypropylene-propane, respectively, by 56% and 17% respectively. At the same time, the company produces the products in the same way as forest.
In addition, the Acid and ester II project is expected to contribute to some of the growth in performance in q4.c Industrial chain c3: ongoing expansion of existing operations and industry leadership are consolidating the company ' s current performance.c
Ten thousand tonnes/year Acrylate II project is expected to contribute to full year performance in 2021; 300,000 tonnes/yearly modified pp, 250,000 tonnes/year aerobic water project is expected to come into production in 2021 and will contribute to the entire c2 chain in 2022: one phase is in progress, with low-cost advantages contributing to higher growth companies.
The process of building the c2 industrial chain, building the entire industry from the ethane resource, the pipeline port, the ship charter, the ethane fission and downstream installation, and the downstream product signing process, is progressing steadily.
Launched in March of that year, phase II projects are expected to start in 2022, making Auxiliary Company a highly competitive “c2+c3” dual-drawn light hydrocarbon processing enterprise in the country.
(002648.sz) _ Creates a “c2+c3” two-fold, cross-cyclical, and committed myself to producing this report independently and objectively and in a diligent and professional manner. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
The Institute of Galaxy Securities, which specializes in research in the chemical industry, is mainly in the textile and clothing industry and in the chemical industry.