Event: On March 11, 2020, the company issued an announcement, and the company's wholly-owned subsidiary, Cashing Shantley, launched a project to build 40,000 tonnes/year eaa in partnership with the sk.
Investment Ltd. signed a Memorandum of Understanding with kglobalchemical (china) Holdingco., Ltd. (Jean “Skgc”) in Xu Xu Xinjiang City, Jiangsu Province, establishing a joint venture (skgc holding 60% of shares and Shantley 40% of shares) to build and operate
The Ethylene Acid Co-Acid Devices (eaa) project, which is planned to produce 40,000 tonnes/year of equipment with a total investment of approximately $163 million, is the third set of devices from Skgc worldwide, the first set in Asia.
1. eaa performance is excellent and has a wide range of uses. eaa is made of ethylene and ice-lined acrylic acid high-temperature free radical polymers with excellent thermal seals, anti-extremination, air isolation and water vapour, applied in soft packaging areas such as food pharmaceuticals.
A wide range of excellent glues for metals, glass, etc. can also be used for wire cables, steel total equity/flow (millions of shares) iron paints. For example, (i) packaging: spilling out coated beverage paper boxes, cable shielding, etc.
Total market value/flow (millions of yuan) is protected against tear, piercing, preservative, etc.; (2) powder coating: eaa powder can be sprayed for a maximum/minimum value of 12 months
Surfaces of materials such as tubes, steel, unwieldy sheeting, etc., as preservative materials; (3) thermal molten glues: eaa with high mi (melting index) can produce hot molten glues for use in hard-to-coat materials; (4) water petrochemical (002648), [Pacific Chemical] satellite
Solvents: eaa with a high aa (acrylic acid) content is dissolved under appropriate reactive conditions in petrochemicals: single-quarter and year-round performance is record high, unheated alkaline solution, watery glue can be formulated for clothing, etc.; (5) degradation ring
To grow better - 2021/02/23 Protection materials: Eaaa mixed with starch-based materials can produce degradable plastics. Satellite petrochemical (002648), [Pacific Chemical] Satellite
Fossilization: Stock incentives for greater cohesion, 1.25 million tonnes B2, eaa market concentration, total domestic dependence on imports.
According to statistics, the global eaa production capacity is currently about 300,000 tonnes/year, monopolized by a number of major producers - 2021/01/24, with a high concentration of dupont (72,000 tonnes/year, 24%), ininos (57,000 tonnes/year).
The satellite petrochemicals (002648), the [Pacific Chemical] Satellite 19%, the memisui (56,000 tonnes/year, 19%), the sk (55,000 tonnes/year, 18%), the exxon petrochemicals: c3 industrial chain is profitable and c2 is promising,
Europe and North America are the main production and consumption areas of eaa, with market shares reaching 39% and 33% respectively. Asia-Pacific markets account for about 23%, but Asia-Pacific only has one plant, using Dubon technology, built by Dubon and Mitsubishi.
Enterprises that produce eaa depend on imports for all of their products and import about 20-30 million tonnes/year, of which the market demand for coated products is about 15,000 tonnes/year. Currently, average eaa products are sold for more than 20,000 yuan/ton and high-end products for 40,000 yuan/tons, estimated on the basis of current prices of ethylene and acrylic acid.
About 40% of the facility's Māori is profitable.3 The company's product chain is extended to the upper end, the Ethylene and Acrylic industry chains go hand in hand with the construction of 40,000 tonnes/year eaa project in partnership with sk to power high end materials
The project, although not included in the consolidated statements, has implemented a strategy of industrialization, scalability and technologicalization of new chemical material chains with light material at its core, with important measures of collaborative development, first of all, by making synthetic raw materials available to companies, with priority given to expanding them.
The company built 900,000 tonnes/year of acrylic acids and esters and polypropylene industrial chains that are now profitable. At the same time, the ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene
The industrial chain is advancing steadily, and now the 1.25 million tons of ethylene chain is in production for the first phase of the project, and we go back to 2016 to date, when the net profit centre of the first phase of the project is about $2.8 billion, and there is a trend towards greater profitability as the prices of ethanol have risen recently. And the 1.25 million tons of ethylene chain project for the second phase is projected.
And 10x. The company's acetylene industry is in good shape, the Ethylene industry is in good shape, growing steadily, growing in space, and maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report