Material and materials, stock incentives for greater cohesion, with 1.25 million tons of ethylene in production, maintenance of “buy-in” to mid-level managers, technical cadres or directors of companies, senior managers
A total of 105 persons, including staff, technical (operational) cadres, awarded a restricted stock of 3.37 million shares, representing 3.07 million shares for the first time under this incentive plan, representing 0.25 per cent of the total corporate equity for the day of the draft incentive plan, and a reserve of 307,000 shares for the day of the draft incentive plan.
Director, Vice-President Chu Xiaodong, Vice-President Lu Wei Weiwei, Chief Financial Officer, and General Stock/Treatment (millions of shares)
The incentive scheme will be effective from the date of issuance of restricted shares to the recipient of the incentive.
Up to 60 months from the date on which the maximum/minimum (moderate) stock is fully released from sale or repurchase is written off, the first, second and third release periods of this incentive are based on the operating income of 2020.
Satellite petrochemicals (002648), petrochemicals: c3 industrial chain is profitable and c2 is expected, and this incentive is designed to attract and retain people through the establishment and development of long-term incentives for companies.
It is important to fully mobilize its motivation and creativity to boost core team cohesion and corporate core competition for the petrochemical (002648), the [Pacific Chemical] satellite.
PIC Review: China-United States Economic and Trade Consultation on New Progress, LCM Ethylene Project, Maintenance of “buy-in” 2 and c3 Industrial Chains for Continued Expansion
-2019/12/16 Since its inception, the company has focused on the construction of the c3 industrial chain, particularly the upstream introduction of the C-satellite petrochemical (002648), the [Pacific Chemical] satellite
The alkyldehydrate (pdh) device provides a significant cost advantage after addressing the self-sufficiency of the core material acrylic, and is evaluated by the petrochemical track point: 450,000 new pdh project is based on an industry-wide chain layout. The company currently has 900,000 tonnes/year acrylate, 480,000 tonnes/year acrylic acid,
Benium production, c2 industrial chain is expected to be very poor, maintaining “purchase of tons of tons/years of sap, 220,000 tons/year of dioxygen water and 21,000 tons/year of pigment intermediate capacity.
In the near future, production will be completed, while 220,000 tonnes/year of dioxygen water is expected to be completed by the end of 2021. The position of the DG is further consolidated in the area of acrylic acid and esters.
In order to take full advantage of the large amount of low-cost ethane produced by the shale oil and gas revolution in the United States, the company has been able to cut into the c2 industry chain from the planned ethane fission ethylene project in 2017. The company’s 2.5 million tons of stocks are an incentive for greater cohesion, and 1.25 million tons of ethylene is put into production in the near future, maintaining “buy-in”
The ethylene fission ethylene project was built in two phases, with a total planned investment of 19.5 billion yuan (projected at lower international cost), with the main products being 400,000 tonnes/year hdpe, and two eo/eg co-production units with a capacity of 72/91,000 tonnes/year, which are expected to be completed in 2021q1.
More diversified, risk-resistant and more profitable. At the end of the raw material, the first Vlec, which was loaded with it, successfully arrived at the pier, unloaded the ship and opened it in October 2020, following the gradual opening of key links such as the U.S. ethane Export Terminal and the large ethane transporter.
At the end of the construction, the 125 million tonnes of ethylene project was delivered mechanically on December 29, 2020.
And 11x. We believe that the company is expanding and consolidating its position as the backbone of the c3 industry chain, while the c2 chain is about to open, growing in space, and maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report