Satellite petrochemical acrylic acid spreads, with 2020q4 performing above expectations, and four quarters above expectations. According to performance forecasts, the company is expected to achieve a net return profit in 2020
The growth in performance in the fourth quarter was mainly due to an increase in the price differential for acrylic acid, calculated on the basis of the best available data, the average price differential for acrylic acid in the fourth quarter of 2020 was 5422 yuan per ton, a significant increase of 189 per cent over the same period, as well as a more marked increase in the price of acrylic acid, which was close to 2017.
On January 23, 2021, the Department announced that equity incentives were to be introduced, mainly to Lian Yunang Pulsification Management, the technical backbone and middle management, and that the target was based on 2020 income, with a moderate growth rate in 2021-2023.
According to the announcement of 30 December 2020, the annual production of 1.35 million tons of pe, 2.19 million tons of eoe and 260,000 tons of acn co-production devices in the Yun Harbour were completed in one phase with full access to ethane resources, pipeline port construction, vlec ship transport, ethane cracking and downstream installation construction, downstream
The future expansion will further increase the company’s market share in the acrylic acid field, and the launch of the light hydrocarbons project will open up room for the company to develop the c2 sector. Given the sharp increase in product price differentials, construction is under way.
Large fluctuations in exchange rates affect corporate exchange gains and losses; abnormal fluctuations in oil prices and raw materials prices affect company prices for products and Maori; project construction is less advanced than expected; safety and environmental risks, etc. Satellite petrochemicals: record highs in the second quarter and difficult times
"Satellite petrochemicals: volume, efficiency, c3 industry taps continue to rush." 20200413.
Sino-Soldier International Securities Inc. is qualified for portfolio investment consulting operations Chemical: chemical raw materials
Figure 1. Prices and differentials of acrylene Figure 2. Prices and differentials of polypropylene Figure 3. Prices and differentials of acrylic acid
Figure 4. Prices of acrylic acid and esters