The Center for Research on Innovation Technology and Business Services (CITE) buy-in (first rating) to target world-class Idm model semiconductor taps
The company has four core advantages: first, the size of the company's capacity, the affordability of cash flow and the pressure of profitability, the ability to support the use of the idm model, which supports capital expenditure needs through its own cash flow, expands its collection model, and achieves a positive closure of its operations. Second, the company has a full-fledged semiconductor layout, mosfet output.
Multiple product series with low medium- and high-pressure coverage; igbt set up a leading process platform, with a 320 per cent increase in output in 2018 and a high rate of growth as more model products are produced; sic and gan, with production expected in 2020.
We have a potential need of 1.2 million units per month for specialty crafts, which is much higher than the current supply of 680,000 units per month of effective production capacity. The expansion of unique process capacity is limited and the short- and medium-term supply and demand bureau is good. The company's crystal-rounding and sealing “one-stop” services can provide security for the customer's supply chain.
iv. Power/simulator technological processes require longer accumulation of experience, and companies have created barriers to production and manufacturing processes by leading their domestic counterparts through input into the numeric and manufacturing processes. Trends in the power semiconductor industry: the I-idm model is a strong and inevitable choice.
The Idm model is designed to optimize the design and manufacturing chain in a way that reduces product development time; the manufacturing link is the core of the value added of the product, and the Idm model enjoys higher value added; the Idm model is conducive to the accumulation of process experience and to the formation of core competitiveness. Second, the power semiconductor market is expected to maintain a high rate of growth.
Downstream applications, such as cars, are expected to contribute to a global market of $44.1 billion in 2021. Third, domestic production has the potential to achieve gradual substitution: downstream customers give domestic firms more opportunities to offer samples to secure supply chains; power equipment technology is slow to upgrade and national production levels are reduced by international first-class differences; domestic firms are working together.
Clients have a better advantage in customizing development. Jung-hoon’s leading position as a semiconductor of the Idm model and a higher share of product and programme income will improve.
Interest rate and net asset rate of return, value premium for company value, 95 times greater than 2021.
1. The company ' s own conditions support the advantage of the Idm model.
The Idm model adapts to the power semiconductor enterprise. Hua Yunwai is the country's largest semiconductor and the only one of the top 10 semiconductor companies with a domestic sales value. The Idm model has the advantage of being designed in close alignment with the manufacturing chain compared to the power semiconductor company of the Fables model.
It reduces the time from chip design to manufacturing, does not require silicon validation, does not have process-to-process problems that accelerate the appearance of new products, and can also be tailored to the needs of customers for efficient process customization. It allows for higher product value added because of simultaneous design and manufacturing capabilities.
The Idm model is highly demanding for initial resource endowments and operating capabilities. For power semiconductor enterprises, while the Idm model has many advantages, it is also limited to high capital input requirements and heavy assets.
Investment is $2.3 billion, and huge capital expenditure needs challenge all companies that use the Idm model; and financial costs have a significant impact on corporate profitability and inhibit corporate profitability. So we think that the Idm model is a very high threshold model that is extremely important for the initial resource endowment and operational capacity of an enterprise.
It is only when both of these conditions are met that an enterprise will be able to scale up and upgrade its technology by operating cash flows to meet the need for this expenditure. The size and financial conditions of China’s microscopic size support the use of the Idm model, and it has already achieved the Idm model.
We evaluate the affordability of the Idm model from three dimensions: the size of the existing production capacity, the affordability of cash flow and the ability to sustain the profits. Compared to a different Idm model, China is in the lead in all three dimensions. We believe that China relies on the initial financial support of its shareholders.
The Idm model has been established as a positive cycle – the size of the collection and the income scale leads the business, cash flows support huge capital spending needs, making the financial burden lower than that of the industry, and the profitability better than that of the other. We believe that this advantage will continue to grow in the future.
Based on mosfet, the advantages of a fully configured power semiconductor The company has a full power semiconductor layout with product types such as mosfet, igbt, sic, sbd, and frd. The company has formed a more complete series of mosfet products. The company is a domestic operating income.
The largest mosfet manufacturer is currently a small number of enterprises in the country that can provide low-, medium- and high-pressure series of mosfet products in the range of 100v to 1500v, as well as the main ones that currently have the capacity to develop and manufacture all of the mosfet mainstream device structures in the country.
The company takes the lead in technology on mosfet. The company's autonomous development of the trough grid moss device has performed excellently in the electrical control of the electric two-wheeler, power source and battery protection applications.
Products using shielded fences can be used in areas where they are more frequently used, such as synchronous flow: self-researched flatline vdmos devices have entered international power sources such as Delta, Guangbao, salcomp (Selcomp) supply chains: overstretched mos device products developed and produced using multiple layers of out-of-the-horizon technology
The main parameter indicators are in line with the technical indicators of the sixth generation of ultra-mose device products produced by the international label company, which is also more competitive in the igbt. The company has established a national trench-fs technology platform with 600v-6500vigbt process capability.
The job voltage ranged from 600v-1200v, and the CEC stream ranged from 8a-60a. In 2018, the company sold 16.4 billion semiconductors, out of which the number of igbt increased by 316.79%. We expect that igbt will continue to grow rapidly over the next few years as the company produces more of the model igbt.
A new generation of power semiconductors, sic, is expected to deliver by 2020. Based on 6 inches of production, the company conducts design research and technological development of 650v silicon ggans, sicjbs and sicumofet products. Over the next few years, sic and ggan production will optimize the power of the company.
Semiconductor product combinations. With high-pressure mosfet share increases in companies, fast-growing igbt and sic devices coming out, the product structure of the company's power semiconductor will be optimized and the average unit price and income share of the product will increase
Special processes are in high demand, and the advantages of building a “one-stop” service. Companies provide “one-stop” services such as a “one-stop shop” or a “one-stop shop” or a “one-stop” or a “one-stop shop” or a “one-stop shop” or a “one-stop shop” or a “one-stop shop” or a “one-stop shop” or a “one-stop shop” or a “one-stop shop” or a “one-stop shop” or a “one-stop shop” or a “one-stop shop” or a “one-stop shop” or a “one-stop shop” or a “one-stop shop” or a “one-stop” service” or a “one-stop shop” or a “one-stop shop” or a “one-stop shop” or a “one-stop shop” or a process is in demand in the country, and we believe that in the next few years, the process will be maintained.
A good supply and demand pattern. By separating the crystal round workers from the seal test in the general proxy model, the company is able to offer a “one-stop” service from the surrogate to the back-end seal test, thus shortening the supply chain and better safeguarding customers of the process process process of analogue circuit-led features. The demand for the simulators is higher than the semiconductor as a whole.
Integration circuit products are divided into logical, storage, microprocessors, analogues, optical, sensor and separation devices. Global semiconductor sales in 2018 were about $470 billion, with 33.7% of storage, 23.3% of logical devices, and simulators in terms of product structure.
The global market size of the simulation integrated circuits was approximately $58.7 billion in 2018. According to the projections for ic insight, the compound rate of the analog integrated circuit products increased by 6.6 per cent in 2017-2022, which is higher than the combined rate of the potential demand for unique processors in our country is 1.2 million metres/month, well above the current total of pure continental plants.
The integrated circuit manufacturing industry has developed in the past according to three dimensions - advanced process techniques, non-size-dependent specialty processes and pre-encumbrance technologies. In advanced processes, the process is small, ranging from 130 nm to 5 nm and to 3 nmeuv processes.
Shrinking is the most important driving force for the development of the logical semiconductor in accordance with Moore's Law; for analogue circuit products represented by poweric, sensor, radio frequency and mems devices, advanced processes such as rf-coms, soi/rf-soi, bcd/cdmos, mems, etc. are more relevant to product performance than advanced processes.
. Special processes are relatively mature, capital inputs are relatively low, product R & D inputs are relatively small, and life cycles are longer, compared to advanced process processes. Domestic simulations in 2018 resulted in approximately $23.8 billion in circuit sales, assuming 50% self-supply, corresponding to domestic production of analogue circuits.
The value of industrial output was $11.9 billion, and the corresponding manufacturing cost, if calculated at a 35 per cent Māori rate, was approximately $7.7 billion, of which the size of crystal round workers was about $5.8 billion, the size of the eight-inch process crystal round workers was about $400 per piece, and the domestic demand for specialty processes was about $14.5 million per year, or 1.2 million pieces per month.
In 2019, the manufacturing capacity of pure continental plants to simulate chips was about 380,000 units per month, and of semiconductor semiconductor crystals, about 370,000 units per month, for a total of 750,000 units per month, assuming an effective capacity of 90 per cent of total capacity, or 680,000 units per month, well below the country ' s demand for specialty processes.
8-inch process process process process output expansion is limited and supply and demand patterns are good. Although 12 inches are more efficient than 8 inches, 12-inch production lines are more demanding for process indicators and for raw materials. For 8-inch production lines, mature features such as rf-coms, soi/rf-soi, bcd/cdmos
The technology allows smaller crystals to contain more simulations. And most eight inches of equipment have been depreciated and have low fixed costs. For economic reasons, eight inches of process-specific process crystallization plants have been expanded, more often with second-hand equipment, and Hua Yuwa has been bought into henix equipment, German production line equipment, etc.
Production of 8 inches of equipment, so the speed of expansion of the production capacity of the 8 inches is limited by the equipment, keeping the 8 inch process alternative market in a better supply and demand pattern. Current surrogate capacity is strained, and mosfet shows signs of lack of supply. According to the above analysis, cis, power source
Management of replacements for ic, fingerprint identification, mcu, igbt, mosfet, etc., with limited supply of specialty trades, 92.5% of the capacity of the 8-inch crystal factory in the China Rainbow in the fourth quarter of 2019, and 90% of the capacity of the 8-inch plant and the ship under the umbrella of the United States Telecommunications Group.
Limited release of some capacity and continued consumption of mosfet stock levels are leading to an extended supply period for some model mosfet. 4. Product process technologies have the advantage of establishing strong barriers
High R & D inputs build technological advantages of the process. Companies have made strong investments in product and process R & D: between 2016 and 2018, companies invested 345.59 million yuan in R & D, 447.42 million yuan in technicians, and 37% in R & D technicians.
The technical barriers to simulating circuits are stronger. Design aids for simulating circuits (eda) are relatively small compared to digital circuits, more dependent on manual design and more demanding accumulation of experience, leading to modelling.
The production process involves more non-standard processes, which increase barriers to entry, and a relatively strong lead when established, which makes it difficult for rivals to catch up in a short time.
Long periods of company experience have created barriers to product development and technological processes that are more than domestic. China Yuu has been building up research and development inputs for more than a decade. A range of product lines, such as mosfet, igbt, optical smoke detection products, bms, gan power chips, etc., have been formed on products;
In the manufacturing process, technical platforms such as the bcd, mems process and power sealing have been formed to create barriers to the production and manufacturing process of leading domestic counterparts.
The core technologies described above have been widely applied in bulk production of dry company products.
1. Trends in industry: the Idm model is a strong and inevitable choice and the Idm model has a unique advantage in the production of semiconductor products with special processes such as power semiconductors, mems, etc.
In the semiconductor industry, there are two main chip production models: the self-design and manufacture of the Idm model (integrator manufacturing), and the Fabless (free plant) chip design re-engineering model (Crystal Circle). For digital chips, the advanced process follows the Moor Law.
The "fables+foundry" model, which separates crystal circle manufacturing from design, considerably reduces the entry threshold for the design industry, and allows for a concentration of resources to cover the huge capital expenditure needs of advanced processes, has developed rapidly over the past three decades. But it's special for power semiconductors, mems, etc.
Production of colour process semiconductor products, the idm model being more advantageous than the fables model, mainly because the power semiconductor is highly customized and the idm model optimizes design in synergy with the manufacturing chain, shortens product development time: unlike the standard mass of digital chips, power semiconductors, etc.
There is a high demand for customization. As shown in the figure below, even if the same type of power device has different power, frequency and size requirements in different applications, different custom products need to be developed for different customers.
(b) The manufacturing chain plays a decisive role in the production of power semiconductors and is at the core of the value added of the product: due to the relative simplicity of the power semiconductor circuits, the crystal circle manufacturing and sealing links influence the final performance of the product.
Relatively large, with a relatively high technical content, and therefore including the manufacturing chain within the forward crystal circle and the back lane sealing chain, which has a higher value added in the power semiconductor. And the digital chip has a higher value added chip design, ip, command set, control chip structure, design software tools, etc.
Value added in power semiconductors is relatively low. The idm model allows for the accumulation of manufacturing experience and the formation of technological advantages: the design of power semiconductors is closely integrated with the manufacturing process and the encapsulation process, and the idm builds the process through long-term technological accumulation.
ip (intellectual property rights) barriers. In China, since 2008, trough-type mosfet products, plane-type vdmos products, npt-igbt products, 700vbcd production platforms, 700vbcdg2 technology platforms, high-pressure overflow vdmos products, 1200vjbs
Products, ipm modular mass production platforms, 600vtrenchfsigbt products. Experience with long-term product manufacturing processes is the core competitiveness of differentiated products.
The main power semiconductor companies are idm Models. 2. Power semiconductors markets are expected to maintain a high rate of increase.
The ihsmarkit predicts that the global market for power devices will be about $39.1 billion in 2018, and is projected to be about US$ 9.5% by 2021, representing as much as 35% of global demand. China’s power semiconductor is expected to be in the future.
High-speed growth will continue to be maintained, with market size expected to reach $15.9 billion annually in 2021, with power semiconductor products divided into three main categories of power separation devices, power managementic and power module, in which power separation devices can also be divided into full control devices such as gbt/mosfet/bjt, semi-control devices, etc.
Transistor tubes and non-controlled diodes. According to Yoledevelopment, the global power semiconductor splits/modules/powerics in 2018 were 32.7%, 13.3% and 54.0%. Power semiconductors can be used in almost all electronic manufacturing industries, with very wide downstream applications and packages.
New energy sources (wind power, photovoltaic, electric cars, consumer electronics, smart power grids, orbital traffic, etc.), depending on the performance requirements (frequency, voltage, wear and tear) of each disaggregated field, can be used in different fields with different power devices (mosfet, igbt, sic, etc.).
Semiconductor devices can be divided into five main categories, including industrial controls (about 23 per cent of the market), consumer electronics (20 per cent), computers (20 per cent), motor electronics (18 per cent), network communications (15 per cent). mosfet, igbt, or stubble bridges are the three most important sub-products of power semiconductors.
The ratio of mosfet to power devices is 41%, the ratio of the current bridge is 21%, the ratio of the power module is 23%, and the ratio of the power module is 7%.
▪ Industrial control  consumer electronics  car electronics  network communications  other mosfet, i.e. semiconductor field effect tubes for metal oxides, is a field transistor tube that can be widely used in analogue and digital circuits. mosfet devices are fast, shock-resistant, low failure rates.
The conductivity is a negative temperature factor, and the extension is good. The high power application is not sensitive, so the low-voltage big current is the strength of the mosfet. igbt, the insulation of the bipolar transistor, is a bjt and mosfet (combined full-control voltage-driven power device).
The mosfet and bipolar transistors have a strong positive current transfer density and low flux pressure down. The gbt steady characterization is slightly worse than the mosfet and better than the bjt, but the gbt is easier to withstand than the mosfet, less easy to penetrate and fail with a secondary blow and easier high pressure application.
New energy vehicles are an important driver of power semiconductor growth, and the value of new power vehicles has increased significantly. The value of new power units is mainly derived from the car's “3-power” systems, including power control, power-driven and battery systems. In power control units,
The igbt or sic module converts high-voltage straight currents to communications power to drive three-phase generators: in vehicle chargers ac/dc and dc/dc straight-flow converters, use is made of igbt or sic, mos, sbd single tubes: in electrical power feed switching, pumps, oil pumps, ptc, air conditioner compressor, etc.
The power separation device or module is used: it's used in low-pressure controllers like sig, electric window scratching. According to strategyanalytics and infininon, conventional fuel is 106% higher than conventional fuel vehicles; heavy-weight hybrids and plug-in hybrids are used in power units.
The value was $371, an increase of 422% compared to the fuel vehicle; the cost of power devices in pure electric vehicles was $455, an increase of 541% compared to the fuel vehicle; and there was a rapid increase in sales of new energy vehicles worldwide, leading to the consumption of semiconductors for new energy vehicles.
From $1.9 billion in 2018 to $11.5 billion in 2025. Global sales of 48v in 2018 were about 300,000 light, sales of about 2.9 million remixed and plugged in, and sales of about 1.7 million pure electricity. 48v light annual sales are expected to reach 20.6 million in 2025, and sales of remixed and plugged electricity are expected to reach 20.6 million.
10.5 million vehicles, with pure electricity sales expected to reach 10.2 million. Figure 24: Global new energy vehicle sales forecast (millions)
The basic infrastructure, which is essential, is also in the process of being built up at a high rate of growth in our power-filling pillar industry, with a large future market space. Infinion counts 100kw of power devices worth $200-300. According to the International Energy Agency (IEA), global available power-filling posts are expected to be reached in 2030.
New energy generation is a new engine for power-driven semiconductor demand. Photovoltaic wind power is growing rapidly, and power-powered semiconductors are gaining new power. As new energy generation does not meet grid requirements, it needs to be recirculated through photovoltaic reverse transformers or wind-powered reverses.
The power module is the core of the photovoltaic and wind generators, and the rapid development of the new energy generation sector will be another engine for the continuous growth of the igbt module. According to the Fosse motor, global renewable energy 2015-2025 is projected.
With a capr capacity of 8.8%, the semiconductor demand per 1mw wind power plant is 30 times higher than that of the power plant. A steady increase in wind power generation will create a new demand for power semiconductors.
In order to control the right combination of power devices, drive and output power, the igbt is the logical choice for power switches.
Semiconductor power devices have a clear advantage in some applications. Since silicon-based materials do not provide low conductivity, they can cause significant energy losses during transmission or conversion. Third-generation congener semiconductor materials have higher conductivity, faster switch speed, low conductivity resistance, plus materials.
Silicon-based power devices still dominate the power semiconductor market, while sic and gan are cut into the market from higher-grade power applications.
When high power and high voltage (>600v) are required, the use of sic components is more advantageous; when high frequency switching and low-middle-pressure environments are required, the use of gan components is more advantageous. From downstream applications, sic power devices have vast development space in high iron, new-energy vehicles, wind power and concentrated light.
The scale of the market for sic and gan power devices is expected to exceed $10 billion. Based on the gradual replacement of igbt by sic and gan on new energy vehicles, and the rapid growth in global sales of new energy vehicles, it is estimated that the market will be more than $10 billion.
Car power devices will be an important booster for the semiconductor power of compounds. And demand for power-filling posts, high iron, defense, etc. is also on the rise. The size of the market for sic and ggan power semiconductors in 2018 is about $700 million, and ihs predicts that the size of the revenue is expected to exceed $10 billion by 2025.
3. Competition patterns: Euro-American-led Japan, where national production is expected to gradually replace China as the world’s largest power semiconductor consumer market. According to ihsmarkit, China’s power market in 2018 accounted for 35 per cent of the global market’s size and was the largest single consumer market in the world.
According to Sadie's consultant, the market size of the mosfet Chinese market is 39 per cent global, 43 per cent gbt, 49 per cent bjt, 47 per cent power management ic, and about 40 per cent of all other products, such as transistors, currenters, igbt modules, etc.
The global power semiconductor market is still dominated by Euro-American and Japanese firms, with British fliers occupying an absolute leading position of 19% of the city. The subsequent cities of Ansomé and Mitsubishi accounted for 10.0% and 7.0%, respectively.
Specifically, in the mosfet and igtb sub-sectors, in the Chinese market of mosfet, the top three were British fliers, Ansammy and Hua Yuu Wei, with 28.4%, 16.9% and 8.7% respectively, and Yun Wei China was the only Chinese enterprise with the same market as the top five.
Domestic manufacturers are expected to gradually replace power semiconductors. British Flyers are now ranked first in the market, whether on mosfet, the igbt separation device or the igbt module.
Producers are concentrated in Europe, the United States and Japan, most of them in idm, and in Taiwan, China, the Gulf region, most of which is semiconductor-manufacturing, most of which are candies, in the lower-middle-to-low-end areas. Our semiconductor producers are concentrated in diodes, low-pressure moss, etc.
In low-end areas such as transistors, production processes are mature and cost-effective. In our view, the following factors have enabled domestic manufacturers to move gradually towards substitution in the power semiconductor area:
Lower costs in downstream products, but critical to product performance and durability, result in a lack of incentives for downstream manufacturers to replace suppliers. Even if products are consistent, domestic manufacturers lack the opportunity to enter the supply chain.
2. The gap between the level of technology at the national and international levels has narrowed. Because of the relatively slow pace at which the analogue circuit design and process is updated, domestic manufacturers have the opportunity to close the gap with the first-class level, using the bcd process as an example, the most advanced process at present is the 130nm 6th generation process, which is currently produced in China.
The 180nm process node, and an advanced 110-180nm simulation of the volume of bcd technology is being developed. 3. Domestic firms are closer to the user, facilitating customization development with customers. As most of the international power semiconductor sector of research and development is overseas, some customers’ customization needs cannot be met in a timely manner.
Intra-power enterprise R & D teams are closer to customers and more conveniently satisfy their customization of different scenarios. In the areas of diodes, low-pressure mosfet, transistors, etc., local manufacturers have started to import substitutes, but the market share is still low, and it is hoped that this advantage will be used in the future to raise the market position.
In mid-to-high-end areas such as mosfet and igbt devices, some enterprises have now made breakthroughs, and future city-to-city upgrading will depend on continuous upgrading of manufacturing processes and improved design levels.
The company is the leading semiconductor in the largest idm model in the country. The business consists of integrated circuits, bunkering, crystal circle manufacturing, encapsulation testing, and separation devices, which form advanced distinctive processes and systems.
The company is a semiconductor operating platform for investment under the Huayun Group. In 1983, the Hong Kong China Electronics Corporation was founded, creating China’s first 4-inch crystal circle: the China-Free China-Channel semiconductor was set up in 1999 to operate a 6-inch mos crystal-generation plant: the China-Run Electronics Holdings Limited was established in 2000 and has overall responsibility for China-Yun.
In 2003, to realize Hong Kong's marketed interests, companies such as the Cic-hua-No-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung, started the establishment of the 8-inch Crystal Production Line: in 2008, the China-Hung-Hung-Hung and China-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung, Electronics (Control) Co. Ltd. was merged, and the China-Yun-Hung-Hu Electronics Co. Ltd. was re-established in 2011.
Hong Kong withdrew from the market, in 2013 China Yuewe Electronics set up a microelectronics research and development centre and a power semiconductor research and development centre, and in 2018 China developed a 0.18-millimeter bcd platform: 2020 China Yue Electronics for Red Fund-raising, the first listed company to have a share in a red fund-raising structure.
Yes, the State Treasury Committee of the State Council holds 100% of China's stockholdings. There are 16 domestically controlled subsidiaries, 20 offshore controlled subsidiaries, and three participating companies, with seven branches.
The company is China’s leading semiconductor with the ability to integrate the entire industrial chain, such as chip design, crystal-crystal manufacturing, and encapsulation testing. The business is divided into product and program, manufacturing and service.
Services mainly provide services such as semiconductor open crystal-crystal manufacturing, sealing tests, etc. The company’s product and programme share of the main business income has continued to rise, from 31% in 2016 to the first half of 2019.
In the case of China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China,
The company’s crystal circle manufacturing services, China’s Aryan Sheng and China’s Yussey Amko, are primarily responsible for the company’s sealing and testing services. The company has China’s leading crystal circle manufacturing services, one of the country’s main semiconductor special process platforms, is the first three indigenous crystal-crystal manufacturing firms in the country.
Through the two main business sections of product and programme operations and manufacturing and service operations, the company has built a chain of industries with a unique colour-completed semiconductor design, crystal round manufacturing, and sealing tests. 1) leading power semiconductor and intelligent sensor suppliers
The company’s product and programme operations mainly supply power semiconductors, smart sensors, and smart control products. The power semiconductors accounted for 39 per cent of total operating income in the first half of 2019 and 91 per cent of product and programme operations, with mosfet as the core product.
Power semiconductor. Company power semiconductor products are mainly divided into two major categories of powerware and poweric.
Among the power devices, mosfet is one of the company’s most important products, the largest domestic operating income, and the most full product series. The company is currently a small group of companies in the country that can provide low, medium and high pressure series of mosfet products in the range of 100 v to 1500v, and is currently owned in the country.
The company is the largest mosfet manufacturer in China. The company has a competitive edge on power devices such as igbt, sbd, frd: a domestic leader has been established.
The first trench-fs process platform, with 600v-6500vigbt process capability; the sbd product, with advanced 8 inch trench technology; and the frd product, with advanced heavy metal blending processes.c The company poweric product is mainly power management for various types of power, and is widely used in consumer electronics, automobiles, etc.
For ac-dc products, the company is currently used mainly in consumer electronic applications such as chargers, adapters, etc.; for led driveic, the company has developed autonomously non-segregated switch-type led and linear led stream-driven technologies; and for bmsic, the company is based on autonomous research and development.
The products produced by the lithium power management system technology fully cover the application needs of the vast majority of lithium systems; in the case of linear stabilizers, the generic power management product has a combined competitive advantage of high quality, inefficiency, wide applicability, long life, etc.; and in the case of wireless chargers, the wireless charge control system level chip series is already in place.
Successfully certified via the wpc standard qi of the Wireless Charging Union: for electric power drive, the company ' s products support large, medium and small power system applications; for audio performance, the company ' s products have the technological and manufacturing resource advantages of the bipolar, bcd and cmos process.
Corporate smart sensors can be divided mainly into mems sensors, smoke sensors and optical sensor products, of which mems sensor products are predominantly pressure sensors. Pressure sensor chips produced by companies cover micro-pressure, constant pressure and high pressure, and products are widely used in auto electrons, consumer electrons, industrial controls, medical, etc.
Fields; smoke sensor product lines are rich and include mainly optical, ion and acoustic alarm drivers. One of the main suppliers of photo-coupled chip series products is widely used in consumer electronics, auto electronics, corporate smart control products, which can be divided into human interactive mcu, metering mcu, generic mcu,
Covers 4-, 8, 16- and 32-bit cpu kernels for human interaction, consumer electronics, industrial control, metrology, etc.
The company specializes in the manufacture of specialty, custom-made processes and services. The manufacturing and service business consists mainly of semiconductor crystal round manufacturing, sealing tests, etc. The company provides the main semiconductor special process in the country.
One of the platforms is the first three indigenous crystal-crystal manufacturing enterprises in the country. One 8 inch and three 6 inch crystal-crystal production lines have an annual capacity of approximately 2.47 million units. The 6 inch production line can be among the highest in the country.
Unlike standard digital integration circuit manufacturing processes that follow Moore’s Law, companies focus on providing features.
The company has an 8-inch semiconductor crystal circle manufacturing line in Chongqing, with an annual capacity of about 600,000 units, which is currently mainly used in the manufacture of company-owned products, which are semiconducted.
The company has a sealed and tested production line in tinless and Shenzhen, with an annual containment capacity of about 6.2 billion. It has a complete semiconductor encapsulation production process and multiple types of conductors such as simulations, numbers, mixed signals, etc.
In addition, the company provides bunkering services. The company owns a masked production line in tin-free, with an annual output of about 24,000. Four companies are currently the main producers of photo mask products in the country, with sales accounting for approximately 27% of the total sales of the country’s photo mask.
The company is currently the largest home-grown model manufacturer in the country, with 3 downstream customers dispersed, international front-line customers certified, excellent product performance built up customer stickyness. Power-related core technology and patent systems set up devices.
Closely linked to manufacturing technology, it has high thresholds and high substitution challenges. After a long period of convergence and accumulation with a large number of customers, a strong brand profile and customer sticky has been established.
The consumer electronics customers include first-line businesses such as Haile, America, tcl, tcl, Hibun, etc.
In 2018, the company’s top manufacturing client, mpsinternational, was the leading provider of high-quality industrial applications, telecommunications infrastructure, cloud computing, automobiles and consumer electronics products, applications and designs. Diodesincorporpolated was the leader.
Global manufacturers and suppliers of industry-specific standard products with high-quality applications covering a wide range of products, including independent, logical, analogue and hybrid semiconductor markets. Diodes services markets include consumer electricity, computers, communications, industry and automobile markets: cirruslog was created in 1984 as a single company.
The audio and energy market develops high-precision simulations and digital signal integration circuit development and suppliers. Its clients include mainly apples, bose, Philips, Samsung and Sony.
1. Revenues, Māori forecasts and key assumptions.
The share of business income will continue to rise, thereby contributing to improved corporate Māori rates and profitability: the increased demand for downstream customers in the semiconductor industry and the company ' s constant adjustment and optimization of product structures, the average unit price of the company ' s 2016, 2017, 2018, 2019h1 power semiconductor products, respectively, is $ 0.14 per unit.
With the increase in R & D inputs, we expect companies to continue to break through medium-to-high power semiconductors, raise the average unit price of their semiconductor product combinations, and we expect the unit cost of their power to be 2020 - with new energy vehicles, photovoltaic/wind power to increase their power semiconductor demand, and new high-end power in the company.
More products, we expect the sales of corporate power devices to increase by +10 per cent and +20 per cent between 2020 and 2022
An increase in the Māori body ratio is expected to be 29 per cent, 32 per cent and 32 per cent, respectively, in 2020-2022; crystal-rounded manoeuvring, using Thai technology, Stag semiconductor, fast microelectrics and desktop shares as a sample comparison of peer valuations, is divided into power semiconductors and manufacturing surrogates in Yuzhmorgeologiya, thus operating profitability and net asset return rates.
In the future, there is scope to increase both the profitability of the company’s operations and the net asset rate of return, as the share of the company’s product and programme business increases.
The net return to the mother is 40 million yuan, 490 million yuan and 670 million yuan, respectively, which will improve overall profitability and net asset return levels for the company, taking into account China Yunwai's position as the leader of the country's largest semiconductor of the idm model, and as the company moves to an integrated product company with a higher share of product income.
Because Idm model companies and surrogates are profiting more across regions, leading to high stock price volatility, we predict the risk of increased macroeconomic uncertainty with the highest and lowest comparable share price values in the past.
The main downstream industries of power semiconductors, such as industrial control, investment in new energy generation, new energy vehicles, etc., are highly correlated with the macro-scene climate, and if the new global crown epidemic has a significant negative impact on industrial profits and personal incomes, corporate investment and individual consumption preferences will decline, leading to a need for power semiconductors.
2. The risk of excessive industrial overcapacity due to the rapid expansion of industrial capacity in the domestic crystal circle The risk of overcapacity in the crystal circle resulting from the presence of multiple projects in a short period of time, and a significant price reduction, in the context of the demand for alternative domestic production of semiconductors, for new and expanded mature crystal round projects in the country.
3. The risk of technological backwardness in the company ' s power semiconductor products is being rapidly explored in various fields, especially at the high end, using sic and gan as new power semiconductor materials.
The risk of losing a leading position in the next generation of power semiconductor competition. 4. The risk of high volatility in the valuation of the plate.
There is a risk that the value level will be significantly adjusted. On 27 August 2020, the company’s ipo’s initial general shares and initial agency share will be lifted, totalling 1,191 million shares, or 5% of the pre-distribution shares.
Click or click here to enter text. Scores, and then average the final rating, as market average investment