The company’s main products are power semiconductors, smart sensors, and smart controls.
In the field of power devices, Hua Yunwee is China’s largest powerware enterprise in 2018.
Of these, mosfet is one of the company’s most important products, and the company is the most profitable and full-blown mosfet manufacturer in the country. According to ihsmarkit, the company ranks third in China’s mosfet market, after the British.
The US-China technology competition has driven the development of indigenous power chip companies. For 2018, the US pressure on many Chinese technology firms has exposed the country’s weakness in the area of chips.
The local technology giant, represented by China, has begun to develop indigenous chip companies. Meanwhile, the National Integrated Circuit Industry Fund (SIF), which was established in October 2019, provides financial support to our semiconductor industry to replace national production.
Nationally produced semiconductors, sensors, and mcu-based semiconductor products will have better development opportunities in the face of a wave of self-controllable alternatives to national production. The company’s future growth points include: 1) further upgrading of power semiconductor chips (package).
Market shares, including mosfet, igbt, etc., achieve import substitution for high-end power semiconductors: 2) expand product lines in the field of smart sensors and achieve further import substitution. In the long run, companies will focus more on power semiconductors and intelligent transfer.
In the long run, as a result of the advancement of the registration system, it is expected that the value of the innovation market will be estimated by the company using the pe relative valuation method.
More rational. When considering the two valuation methods together, we use the averages of the pe and dcf valuation methods as the company’s final valuation, i.e., the company’s reasonable valuation hub period, the company’s new technology research and development progress is not keeping pace with overseas competitors, core raw materials are rising.
The Chinese lead semiconductor enterprises with the ability to integrate whole chains, such as chip designs, crystal-crystal manufacturing, and sealing tests. The company’s main product is power semiconductors, intelligent sensors, and so on.
Smart controls and services such as semiconductor open crystal round manufacturing, sealing tests, etc. The company ranked first in the sales of Chinese power devices in 2018.
Figure 2 Crystal circle map mos. field effect transistor (mosfet) high pressure mosfet
Low-pressure mosfet semiconductors are at the core of electrical power conversion and circuit control in electronic devices and are mainly used to change electrical voltage and frequency in electronic devices, straight-flow communication, etc., and can be divided into two categories of powerware and poweric products.
The products are mainly mosfet, igbt, sbd and frd and are mainly used in the areas of consumer electronics, industrial controls, new energy sources, automobile electronics: the main power-ic products are source-management chips of various electrical series, which are widely used in consumer electronics, etc. The manufacturing and service plates of companies have multiple lines of production, as shown in the following graphs:
The company is the largest idm enterprise in China’s semiconductor sector. According to data from the Chinese semiconductor association, the company ranked tenth among Chinese semiconductor enterprises in 2018 in terms of sales value, and was the only semiconductor of the top 10 enterprises operating on the idm model.
In the field of power devices, the Chinese Semiconductor Industry Association (CIA) reports that Hua Yue Wei is China’s largest power plant, based on sales in 2018. Of these, mosfet is one of the company’s most important products, and the company’s largest operating income and the largest product series.
The company is currently a small number of companies in the country that can supply low, medium and high pressure series mosfet products in the range of -100v to 1500v, and it is also the main company in the country that currently has the capacity to develop and manufacture all mainstream mosfet device structures. According to ihsmark, the company ranks third in the Chinese market for mosfet in terms of sales values, after only one.
Two of the largest mosfet manufacturers in China, British Flying and Ansomy, are international companies. 2. Industrial transfers, and Chinese-American technological competitions are driving the development of our chip industry, the semiconductor industry transfer will lead to an increase in chip national production.
Historically, the semiconductor industry has completed two semiconductor industrial shifts: the first from the United States to Japan in the 1970s, and the second from the semiconductor industry to South Korea and Taiwan in the 1980s. The global semiconductor industry is currently undergoing a third industrial shift, the world half.
China now has the world’s largest growing and fastest semiconductor consumer market. In 2018, China’s semiconductor industry produced 653.2 billion yuan, an increase of 20.7% over the previous year, while our downstream markets, such as networking, artificial intelligence, and new energy vehicles, are at the forefront of the world.
Figure 8 shows the size and speed of the Chinese semiconductor industry market in 2013-2018, and the upgrading of semiconductor materials has contributed to the increase in value. The semiconductor industry, after nearly 60 years of development, has now developed.
Three generations of semiconductor material were developed, and the third generation of semiconductor material is a wide-banded semiconductor material, the most important of which are sic and gan. Compared to silicon devices, this can significantly reduce the loss of switches and is an excellent option for ultra-high frequency devices.
In April 2018, the US Department of Commerce announced a ban on Chinese communications from buying sensitive products from American firms over the next seven years, setting the stage for sanctions-busting communications.
As a result of this ban, United States companies are not allowed to supply parts and components to China’s communications, and many suppliers in Europe and Japan have stopped doing business with China’s communications because of pressure from the United States Government. The main operations of China’s communications cannot proceed. Since then, and thanks to the efforts of the Chinese government and other parties, China’s communications have been heavily compensated, adjusted and stationed in the United States.
In May 2019, the U.S. Department of Commerce, Industry and Security, placed China on the list of entities in an attempt to cut off the Chinese supply chain. As China is more powerful and prepared for technology, it has suffered relatively little, but overseas, such as Europe.
China’s high-tech enterprises cannot rely on America’s core technology, and China must have its own core chip. China’s semi-conductor enterprises are driving the country’s growth.
At the same time, the National Fund for the Integrated Circuit Industry, which was set up in October 2019, provides financial support for the national production replacement in the power-driven semiconductor industry. The production of semiconductors, sensors, and mcu are emerging under a wave of self-controllable alternatives to national production.
The company’s growth points include: 1) further raising the market share of power semiconductor chips (including mosfet, igbt, etc.) and achieving import substitution for high-end power semiconductors: 2) expanding product lines in the area of intelligent sensors and achieving further import substitution. In the long run, the company will focus further on power semiconduction.
Semiconductor products, such as body and intelligent sensors, are widely used in the new economy, deep-farming imports of alternative Chinese market machines, and company customers cover a wide range of end-use areas, such as industry, automobiles, consumer electronics, and communications, with a large and more dispersed customer base. In 2018, the company’s top five clients generated 18,34% of sales revenue.
International, ltd, sales rate 4.07%. Second-largest customer, tin-free pyrotechnics, Inc., accounted for 3.89%. Two of these offshore customers are based on: mps, a United States company listed on NASDAQ (market code: mpwr), which is the leading industry in high-quality industrial applications, telecommunications infrastructure, cloud computing, automobiles and consumer electronics.
Domain product, application and design service providers: diodes are listed companies in NASDAQ, the United States (listed code: diod), are global manufacturers and suppliers of high-quality, standard-specific products in leading industries, covering a wide range of areas, including independent, logical, analogue and hybrid semiconductor markets. The markets for diodes services include consumer electronics, metering, etc.
Computers, communications, industry, and the automobile market. Corporate business income generally showed a rapid growth trend in 2016-2018. The impact of corporate business income realization in 2018 was, on the other hand, due to the company ' s adjustment of its annual dynamics.
By product structure, crystal round manufacturing and power semiconductors account for the bulk of the company ' s revenue and are the focus of future development. In 2018, crystal round manufacturing generated $2.67 billion, or 42.65 per cent of total income; power semiconductors earned $2.42 billion, or 2.2 per cent of total income; masked manufacturing and other smart controls and other ic products, respectively, accounted for the total revenue.
In recent years, corporate profitability as a whole has been on the rise. The increase in profitability is due mainly to: (1) the fact that since the second half of 2017, the semiconductor industry has seen an upturn in the climate and the demand of downstream customers, which has led to a marked increase in the price of products sold by companies and in the price of manufacturing services.
Income from services has increased significantly, resulting in an increase in the overall Māori ratio of the company; 2) depreciation of some production line equipment has reached the ___ age limit, which effectively reduces the share of fixed costs required for the company's products and services; 3) effective impact reduction of the scale effect — low unit costs: 4) higher share of sales of high value added products of the company.
Corporate cost rates have generally been stable. Sales rates have continued to decline in 2016-2019h1, mainly due to the expansion of corporate business practices over the years, and the impact of scale has become apparent. Corporate management rates have remained largely stable. Management rates have increased in 2017 as a result of the consolidation process, and management costs have declined in 2018, mainly because of depreciation and amortization costs.
In 2016-2018, net cash flows from companies were significantly higher than net returns during the same period.
The sole shareholder of Hua Yuen Electronics is crh(micro), Chinese-named China Yue Group Limited, which holds 100% of the shares. The actual controlling owner of Hua Yue Electronics is China Hua Yun, and the State Council’s State Finance Committee holds 100% of China’s Hua Yun’s shares.
China holds 99.966053% of the shares directly in Huayun and 0.003947% indirectly in China through the China-owned subsidiary, the China-Long International Tender Division. Crclueskylimied holds 99.9% directly in crh 99.9% and indirectly incrh 0.01% in general through the fully-owned subsidiary, Riverlinklimited.
Figure 15 China Rough E-equity Structure (formerly ipo) China Rough E-Commerce is a registered offshore, mainly operating business in the country, China Rough E-Commercial is limited. The company itself is primarily responsible for investment holding functions, does not carry out real production activities, and it operates in real production.
Figure 16crh (micro) summary equity structure: fund-raising project: this company is applying for $3 billion to be raised on the board, mainly at the 8-inch top.
Sensor and power semiconductor construction projects, 8-inch high-end sensors and power semiconductor construction projects, industrial mergers and acquisitions, and integration projects and supplementary operating funds, among others.
Mems Process Platform, which improves outreach capabilities and maintains technology leadership. After the first phase of the project, it is planned to increase the production capacity of the bcd and mems process by about 16,000 pieces per month.
1) In the manufacturing and service sectors, as the global semiconductor industry has recovered and the global semiconductor industry has shifted its capacity to provide more value-for-service services than its overseas competitors, the capacity utilization rate is expected to be higher 2) in the product and programme business area, the company raises 8Es by focusing on power semiconductors and smart sensors
The technology level of the inch bcd platform, the establishment of the 8 inch mems platform and the continuous increase in the capacity of the bcd and mems process. We expect the operation to achieve revenues of $290, 39.1 million and $5.13 billion in 2019-2021, respectively. 4) The scale effect is gradually emerging as the scale of sales increases, but taking into account the cost of labour and investment in research and development.
Il, we expect the rates to be largely stable over the next few years. (5) The number of shares issued by the company at this time is 292.99 million (without considering the options for over-selling).
There is a wide range of product lines and the size of income, and the valuation of mature markets abroad is much different from the stock market. China and Hong Kong are listed chip substitutes and seal companies with a large difference in business patterns from China and China.
For the above reasons, we have chosen as comparable companies Yangjitsu, Hua Weiwe, Slanwa, and Shortcut Microelectrics, the power semiconductor based on the idm model.
Given the higher investment threshold of the Panel, its liquidity will be lower in the long run than in the main market. At the same time, the value of the shell will diminish as a result of the introduction of the registration system. Therefore, we give an appropriate discount on the basis of a share that is comparable to that of a listed company, i.e., a 45-fold dynamic pe (with a discount rate of about 80.0 per cent) as a fine pe valuation, combined.
In the dcf model, the core assumptions are as follows: the company beta coefficient is 1.55, the target equity ratio is 80%, the no-risk rate is 2.84%.
More rational. When considering the two valuation methods together, we use the averages of the pe and dcf valuation methods as the public power semiconductor industry, the main risks are: the volatility of the semiconductor industry, the lack of demand for downstream markets, the failure of firms to keep pace with their overseas competitors in research and development of new technologies, price increases for core raw materials, international competitors.
Xu Peng: Master of Engineering, June 2013 added to the Hong Kong Bonds. For the six months following the reporting date, the securities have increased or decreased in relation to the 300 index. Qualifications. This report is produced by Hua Peng Securities and is intended only for customers of Chinese securities.
But there is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information. We have tried to report it objectively and fairly, but the information in the report and the views expressed in it do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, and the information, opinions and opinions do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financial position and specific needs of the persons who were taken from the report and do not at any time constitute an individual to anyone.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial status and specific needs.