The first share of "Red Fund", the first share of "Red Fund", the domestic semiconductor, the ldm Dragon, the Chinese Group Investment Operation Platform, and the first share of "Red Fund" of the "Red Fund".
Csmc was established in 2003 and, after more than a decade of development, is now a leading domestic semiconductor with the ability to integrate the entire industrial chain, such as chip design, crystal round manufacturing, and sealing tests. The company is the China-Young Group semiconductor investment operating platform, with its main operations divided into products.
The product and programme business blocks focus on power semiconductors, intelligent sensors, and intelligent control. They are mainly operated by subsidiaries such as HLN crystals, Chongqing, HLN, HLN, HLN semiconductors; and manufacturing and services.
The business mainly provides services such as semiconductor open crystal-crystal manufacturing, encapsulation testing, and is run mainly by the controlling subsidiaries, Hua Yuen, Hua Yunxing, and Hua Yunsai. When it is marketed, the public division will be the head of the venture board.
Semiconductors are at the heart of the electronics industry, and demand drives a steady growth in the size of the industry. Semiconductors travel in the industry, including chip design, crystal round manufacturing and encapsulation testing, which are at the heart of the entire electronic industry, with smartphones, flatboard computers, and wearing devices.
The rapid growth of the emerging consumer electronics market, as well as the emergence of technology industries such as automobiles, electronics, industrial controls, and access to goods, has led to robust growth in the semiconductor sector. The semiconductor industry in our home country has started late, but it is combined with policy support, market pull, and capital push.
The size of the market is growing faster. With a new round of technology, such as 5g, ai, the Internet, autopilot, and so on, industrialization, and an increase in the autonomous and manageable demand from trade frictions, the semiconductor sector is expected to be able to import alternative gold in the future.
The country’s semiconductor, idm, manufacturing processes and resources, is leading the country. The company is the indigenous semiconductor, idm, which benefits from the company’s ability to run a whole-of-the-business chain and can produce faster products, faster and stronger production lines, and better leverages the internal integration of resources.
To improve the efficiency of operations management. The company has the country’s leading semiconductor manufacturing process and capital, currently has 6 inches of manufacturing capacity of approximately 2.47 million tablets/year, 8 inches of crystalry production of about 1.33 million tablets/years, bcd process technology of international lead, mems processes
The global semiconductor industry is currently undergoing a process of shifting to mainland China, with national industrial policies and the drums of active social capital.
With incentives and incentives, domestic firms continue to build up their research and development capabilities through autonomous research and development, taking advantage of new technologies, capital buildings, air security companies, introducing new products, taking advantage of market shares, and replacing imports. In the future, new technologies such as networking, 5g communications, artificial intelligence, etc. will continue.
Growing up, consumer electronics, industrial controls, automobiles, etc., are leading the process of industrial upgrading in the major downstream manufacturing industries. The upgrading of downstream markets has led to the growth of semiconductor enterprises in size, with new opportunities for development in the domestic semiconductor sector. Through autonomous research and development, companies have mastered core technologies with autonomous intellectual property rights in major business areas, most of which are home-led and will be produced in mosfet in the future.
The semiconductor industry has a strong cyclical character, with the fourth Lidu global semiconductor industry entering a downward cycle in 2018, the third Lidu starting in 2019, influenced by the growth of the market for downstream applications such as 5g, and the semiconductor industry regaining its climate; it was affected by the new coronary virus pneumonia epidemic in 2020.
In the long run, however, the semiconductor sector is at the heart of the electronics chain, accompanied by the expansion of downstream applications and the continued expansion of world industrial transfers, the larger import space for the semiconductor industry, the large market space for companies to benefit from downstream demand and the market space for import substitution.
According to the company’s financial data, the rate of growth in revenue and net profits has declined, but the company’s Māori rate, net interest rates are relatively stable, financial quality is relatively high, and the company’s patents and products are industry leaders, and we believe that the pe valuation method can be used. At present, the average value of pe is 130.32 in the semiconductor industry.
The valuation is relatively high, and given the high threshold of venture capital, which in the long run is less mobile than the main market, we estimate the risk of cyclical volatility in the sector against the list of listed companies (1). The semiconductor sector has a strong cyclical character, which is closely linked to the macroeconomy, and the market demand in the semiconductor sector will be affected if the macroeconomy wave is high or long-term low, thereby affecting the profitability of companies in the semiconductor sector.
(ii) Industry competition and technological R & D risks. There is currently a technology gap between firms’ R & D strength, process accumulation, product design and manufacturing capabilities, and brand visibility in some high-end markets, and international leaders such as British Flying and Ansomy. As leading semiconductor firms abroad focus more and more on Chinese markets, in an increasingly competitive market environment, firms cannot continuously upgrade their technology and improve their product performance and services.
Quality, cost reduction and optimal marketing networks, with companies at risk of losing market competitiveness for their products.
Founded in 2003 and developed over a decade ago, the company is now the leading semiconductor in the country with the ability to integrate the entire industrial chain, such as chip designs, crystal-crystal manufacturing, and sealing tests. The company is the Chinese semiconductor pioneer of Chinese semiconductors, such as Chinese electronics, Chinese Chinese China and Chinese technology, and its products are focused on power semiconductors, intelligence, etc.
Sensors and smart controls provide customers with a wealth of semiconductor products and systems solutions. As a registered Caymanian, the company operates primarily in the country’s red-billing enterprise, with shares issued in Hong Kong dollars and traded on the Chinese currency as the currency of stock trading.
1.2 Businesses include products and programs, manufacturing and services. The main business is currently divided into products and programs, manufacturing and services. The product and program business blocks focus on power semiconductors, smart sensors, and smart control.
Division operations; manufacturing and service operations mainly provide services such as semiconductor open crystal round manufacturing, sealing tests, etc., which are mainly operated by the controlling subsidiaries Hwang Hwang, Hwang-hyang-hsing, Hwang-Yun-Yun-Yun-Yun-Yung, Hwang-Yun-Yu-Sek-Meek.
Power semiconductors The power semiconductors of the company can be divided into two main categories of powerware and poweric. The company is the most comprehensive power plant in the current domestic product line, which is used mainly in the areas of consumer electronics, industrial controls, new energy sources, automobile electronics, and mainly in mosfet, gbt, sbd and frd.
The power-power device-ic product consists mainly of a series of power-management chips, which are widely used in consumer electronics, auto-electronics, industrial controls, etc. The company's smart sensors can be divided into mems sensors, smoke sensors, optical sensor products, etc. The mems sensor product is mainly pressure sensors, technologically advanced companies, process control stability, performance, and products are widely used in auto-electronics, consumer electronics, industrial controls, etc.
Areas such as manufacturing and medicine; smoke sensors include products such as photovoltaic, ion and acoustic alarm drives; and company-owned technology for the design, manufacture and encapsulation of a series of chips on silicon substrate and photosensors is one of the main suppliers of domestic photocouples, and the products are widely applied in such areas as consumer electrons, automobile electrons, industrial controls.
Corporate smart control products can be divided into human interactive mcu, metering mcu, generic mcu, etc. The corporate smart control products are based on mainstream process platforms such as otp, mtp, flashcós, and cover 4, 8, 16 and 32-bit cpu kernels, and are applied in the areas of human traffic, consumer electronics, industrial control, metrology, etc.
The company owns 1 8 inches and 3 6 inches of semiconductor crystal round production lines in tin-free manufacture, and provides the customer with a process of 1.0 to 0.11 μm special crystal production technology service; and 1 8 inch of semiconductor crystal manufacturing line in Chongqing, which serves primarily the company's own product
The company has semiconductor wrapping and testing lines in tinless and Shenzhen, which have well-developed semiconductor wrapping production processes and multi-category semiconductor testing processes such as modulation, numeric, mixed signals, etc.
The company owns a masked production line without tin, produces a light masked template product with an annual capacity of about 24,000 and is the largest home-grown model in the country. 1.3 equity structure: China Huayun is the actual controller.
According to the company's initial sales under the Internet, the State Investment Fund for the Integrated Circuit Industry (hereinafter referred to as the “large fund”) was allocated $7.8125 million, with a sum of $1 billion. After this release, the share held by the large fund was 6.67% of the total share (without taking into account)
The growth in corporate income in 2017 comes from the growth of power semiconductor revenue from the acquisition of Chongqing's emblem on the one hand, and semiconductor mobility on the other.
The rise in crystallized manufacturing revenues as a result of the increased business climate; the small increase in income in 2018 was the result of an upturn in the semiconductor industry; in the first quarter of 2019, the decline in the industry climate, coupled with a longer period of annual production-line repairs by companies, was affected by a decline in the first half of the year in both major operations.
In terms of product structure, the company’s main business sub-products and programmes, and its manufacturing and services are two major business plates. The product and programme business plates are concentrated on power semiconductors, smart sensors and smart control areas, with product and programme operations accounting for a percentage of income between 2016 and the first half of 2019. The Chongqing logo was added to the consolidated statement on 1 January 2017, when the semiconductor product income was 98,739.82 million yuan more than in 2016.
Capable sensors yield 85,356.4 million yuan, 96,940.5 million yuan, 13,764,000 yuan, 61,930.5 million yuan, smart control achieves the fields of testing and modelling respectively, the changes are largely in line with the industry's climate, the crystal-crystal production respectively remained in full capacity between 2016 and the first half of 2019, and production capacity was reduced during the first half of 2019, as a result of the decline in industry's climate, and production capacity was reduced, and containment was measured.
The attempt to achieve revenues of $72,365,100,000, $82,011.16 million, $78,568.04 million and $369,30.19 million, respectively, represents a trend towards the creation of models, which is influenced on the one hand by the rise in the temperature of the semiconductor industry and, on the other hand, by the higher rates of Māori in products and programmes and the higher percentage of income in programmes 25.19 per cent, 19.59 per cent, 34.02 per cent and 27.7 per cent respectively, and the contribution of Māori to the Māori share of the main business.
The company’s acquisition of Chongqing emblem, the upgrading of the unit price of the product, and the restructuring and optimization of the product structure were among the factors that contributed to the company’s acquisition of Chongqing logo in 2017, when it was still in a state of loss, which negatively affected the company’s power half-conductor Māori rate. The company then optimized its product line, and the synergies were gradually demonstrated, with the industry’s climate rising, starting in the second half of 2017, with a marked increase in the power half-conductor Māori ratio in 2018.
The Māori rate for manufacturing and service plates is 9.91%, 16.33%, 18.57%, and 25.24%, respectively, and the Māori contribution to the main business is due to the volatility of the landscape and the volatility of products and programs. The Māori rate for encapsulation testing has remained overall at around 15%, while the Māori rate for masking manufacturing and others has remained at around 20%.
Development and industrialization of advanced micro-simulation bcd technologies, development and industrialization of 0.11 micro-slow-power series technologies, development and industrialization of new mems sensor technologies, etc., and capacity semiconductor construction projects, forward-looking technology and product upgrading research and development projects, industrial mergers and acquisitions, and integration projects, with additional operating funds.
II. Demand-driven growth of industry, dominated by foreign heads of industry, 2.1 semiconductors: at the heart of the electronics industry, robust growth of size semiconductors in the industry, including the three core components of chip design, crystal round manufacturing and encapsulation testing, are at the heart of the entire electronics industry.
Upstream includes electronic materials and equipment, downstream includes many applications such as consumer electronics, automobiles, industry, medicine, communications.
The core competitiveness of a chip design company depends on the ability to innovate in products as a result of technological capabilities, demand responsiveness and customization.
\triangleright, based on the design of the circuit layout, forms the elements and connections on the semiconductor crystal-deck by various process processes such as furnaces, wet etchings, sedimentation, light etching, dry etching, injections, de-fire, etc., and ultimately produces crystal chips that can perform functions and performance. In process selection, digital chips
Most of these are cmos processes, which are developed along the Moor's laws and follow high-end processes, with product emphasis on speed and cost ratios; except for a few of the products that use the cmos process, most of the products are mainly special processes such as the bcd, cdmos process, which are manufactured with greater emphasis on process specialization, customization, and not absolute pursuit of high-end processes.
The crystal circle manufacture is a typical capital- and technology-intensive industry and is one of the core components of the semiconductor industrial chain.
Technical barriers to traditional encapsulation tests are relatively low in the semiconductor industry chain, but human costs are more intensive.
According to the Global Semiconductor Trade Statistics Organization, the global semiconductor industry reached a market size of $468.8 million in 2018, an increase of about 13.7 per cent over 2017. The entire semiconductor industry continued to grow as smartphones, flat-board computers, new consumer electronics markets represented by wearing equipment, and the emergence of technology industries such as automobile electronics, industrial controls, and physical networking.
The Asia-Pacific semiconductor industry has grown rapidly in recent years and has become the largest semiconductor market in the world, of which the Asia-Pacific region (other than Japan), with a market size of $282.9 million, already accounts for 60.33 per cent of the global market share, and mainland China is one of the fastest growing markets in recent years for the global semiconductor; and the Japanese market regulation.
China’s semiconductor industry grew faster in size, thanks to a combination of policy support, market pull, and capital push. In 2018, China’s semiconductor sector market reached 653.1 billion yuan, a 20.7 per cent increase over the previous year, with chip designs.
Industry sales amounted to $251.93 billion, an increase of 21.5 per cent over the same period; crystallized manufacturing sales amounted to $181.82 billion, an increase of 25.56 per cent over the same period; and encapsulation tests amounted to $219.39 billion, an increase of 16.1 per cent over the same period.
As a result of the increased demand for autonomous control over friction, our semiconductor industry is expected to gradually assume a significant place in the structural adjustment of the global semiconductor market in the future with the prospect of import substitution of gold. 2.2 Power semiconductors: downstream demand-driven industries continue to grow.
Power semiconductors, with the introduction of electricity, are the core components of electrical power conversion and circuit control in electronic devices, which are mainly used to change electrical voltage and frequency in electronic devices, straight-flow conversion, etc. Power semiconductors can be divided into two categories of power ic and power separation units, of which power separation units consist mainly of products such as diodes, transistors, transistors, etc.
In recent years, the use of power semiconductors has expanded from industrial control and consumer electronics to new energy, orbital transport, smart power grids, mobile power, etc., and market size has grown steadily. ihsmarkit projects a global powerware market of approximately $39.1 billion in 2018, which is expected to grow to $44.1 billion by 2021, at an annual rate of 4.1 per cent, of which mosfet and gbt are expected to grow over the next five years.
China is the world’s largest consumer of semiconductor power, with market demand rising at US$ 13.8 billion in 2018, at 9.5%, representing as much as 35% of global demand. China’s power semiconductor is expected to continue to grow at a higher rate in the future, with market size expected to reach US$ 15.9 billion in 2021.
According to ihsmarkit, the top three products in China's power semiconductor market are power management, mosfet, and igbt, the size of which accounted for 60.98 per cent, 20.21 per cent and 13.92 per cent of the size of China's power semiconductor market in 2018.
The mosfet is a transistor of semiconductor effects of metal oxides, a transistor that can be used extensively for field effects in simulation and digital circuits.
According to ihsmarkit, the market size of the country ' s mosfet market was $2.792 billion in 2018, and the combined annual growth rate for 2016-2018 was 15.03% higher than the average increase in the power semiconductor sector. In downstream applications, consumer electronics, communications, industrial controls, automobile electronics account for the main share of the market, with consumer electronics as compared to automobile electronics.
Highest. In consumer electronics, the market demand continues to be driven by the continuous penetration of the master plate, card upgrades, fast charge, type-c interfaces. In motor electronics, mosfet plays an important role in power control systems such as electric motors, electric power feeders and power brakes, as well as power switching modules such as the battery management system.
Igbt, fully known as the insulation fence bipolar transistor, is a combination of the power-driven power devices of the tripolar tubes bjt and mosfet, combined with the advantages of both high input resistance in mosfet and low-guided flow pressure drops in gtr. The switch properties of Igbt are capable of transforming or changing the frequency of currents between direct and transecting currents, with the effect of inverse and mutated frequencies that can be applied to reverse transformers, transformers, switchers, power supply, care.
In the area of low- and medium-power voltage, it is widely applied to new energy vehicles and consumer electronics; in the area of high voltage above 1700v, it is widely applied.
In important areas such as orbital transport, clean power generation, smart power grids, etc. 2.3 Sensors: smart end demand is the largest growth point in recent years. Sensors are the primary force of an object's perception function, usually managed by sensor modules, microcontrolr modules, wireless communication modules and power sources
Modules consist of four parts. They are made up of analogue sensor perception state data, which are transmitted to microcontrollers for storage and processing after a/d-module converter, and the transceivers receive data processed by microcontrolrs modules and then transmit to remote platforms via the network. With the advent of the object networking age, sensor applications have infiltrated into industrial automation, space technology, military engineering, resource development, etc.
Environmental monitoring, medical diagnosis, transport, etc. In recent years, based on mems technology, bulk manufacturing through silicon-based micronose processing processes has been carried out by encapsulating sensitive micro-micro-grade components, beacon processors, data-processing devices on a chip, with miniaturized, low cost, low power consumption, integrated features, widely used in the areas of automobiles, consumer electronics, industry, medicine, aerospace, communications, etc.
In 2018, the global market for mems sensors was about US$ 14.6 billion, an increase of 10.8 per cent over the same period, and control of consumer electronics, automobiles, and industry were the three most applied downstream plates, with the need for smart terminals being the largest growth point in recent years. The annual growth in the global market size of mems sensors is expected to reach 14.85 per cent in 2018. In 2018, the mems sector was about 52.3 billion yuan, compared to the same year.
2.4 Industry competition patterns: head manufacturers dominate, industry concentration is high. Currently, the global semiconductor industry is dominated by head manufacturers, with sales revenues from the top 10 semiconductors totalling $22,913.3 billion before 2019, down 19.06 per cent from year to year, and market shares represent 54.96 per cent, down 4.34 percentage points from the same period in the previous year.
The sharp decline in the performance of electronics, sk-Hels and magnesium, among others, has led to a decline in the market share of the top 10 manufacturers, but the concentration of the industry remains high. According to the Chinese semiconductor association, the company ranked tenth among the Chinese semiconductor enterprises in 2018, the only one of the top 10 enterprises to run semiconductor enterprises with an idm model and the largest power plant in the country.
Mosfet is one of the most important products of the company, which is currently a small number of companies in the country that can supply low-, medium- and high-pressure series of mosfet products in the range of 100v to 1500v, and is currently the main owner of all mainstream mosfet device structure research and development and manufacturing capabilities in the country. In terms of sales, the company ranks third in China’s mosfet market, followed only by two international enterprises, British and Ansomy, which are China.
Figure 27: Distribution of Chinese mosfet devices in 2018 (millions of dollars) and market share: Cube chips, photovoltaic diodes, whole series of diodes, stubble bridges, etc.
Camp model, semiconductor single crystal silicon chip manufacture, power semiconductor chip design, device design encapsulation testing, terminal sales and services, vertical industrial chain integrated by Rainbow Nec and Shanghai Macro in 2011, focusing on research and development and manufacturing professionals.
The net profit is $183 million. The technology mix also includes a number of other advances, such as imitation and blending signals, power management, and mems.
3.1 The business model of the semiconductor industry, which is the only one of China’s top 10 semiconductors, is divided into two main business models, idm and vertical division of labour. The idm model is one in which all or major business links, such as chip design, crystal circle manufacturing, seal testing, etc., are integrated.
There is no match between the process and the design, manufacturing, etc., which helps to take the lead in testing and introducing new semiconductor technologies. The disadvantage is that the financial and technological requirements of the enterprise are high and the management costs and operating costs are high. According to gartner, eight of the top 10 companies in the world semiconductor industry in 2018 used the Idm model, including three-star electronics, Intel, Texas.
The vertical division of labour is another business model resulting from the ever-deeper division of semiconductor industries, mainly in the three modes: the Fables, the Finddry, and the Fab-lite. The Fables, a chip-designer at a no-crystal factory, focuses only on chip design and marketing in the industrial chain, the manufacture of chips and the encapsulation tests are performed by the industry chain counterpart outsourcing plant, which has smaller assets, small initial investments, low operating costs, and represents the enterprise.
The industry consists of high-speed, bottling, Heath, etc. Forudry himself does not design chips, but is commissioned by the design firm to manufacture, encapsulate or test only one of the links. Because of the huge input of the crystal-circle production lines and the obvious scale effects, the emergence of crystal-cylinder plants reduces barriers to the industry’s entry and facilitates the rapid development of a vertical division of labour model, representing the business, including station power, middle core, etc., and the area of sealing represents the enterprise.
Fab-lite is a light-crystal mill model between idm and fables, with companies primarily designing chips, retaining a small capacity to produce, seal, etc., as a strategy to reduce investment risk, most of the idm are now selective in using fab-lite.
In terms of mems sensors, radio frequency circuits, etc., their development is an integrated technological activity involving a combination of product design and process development, and the long-term accumulation of the Idm model in the R & D and production mix will be deeper, facilitating the accumulation of technology and product formation.
Silicon validation, no process docking problems, which speeds up the appearance of new products, and allows efficient custom-made processes tailored to the needs of customers. The power semiconductor area is more conducive to the accumulation of design and manufacturing processes by adopting the idm model, and the introduction of new products is faster, making them more competitive in the market. In 2018, the world's top 10 performers were able to achieve greater competitiveness.
The company is the country’s leading semiconductor with the ability to integrate the entire industrial chain, such as chip design, crystal-crystal manufacturing, and sealing tests. Among the top 10 semiconductor companies in China in 2018, the company is the only semiconductor that operates on the idm model.
The ability of the Division to operate a whole industry chain, with firms having faster product rotation and stronger production lines than competitors operating on the Fables model, combined capacity to make better use of the internal integration advantages of resources, to improve the efficiency of operations management, to reduce the time required for product design to volume production, and to customize more efficient and flexible specialty processes according to the needs of households.
The Heath Semiconductor Ltd., Shenzhen City, is a leading nation-wide producer of 3.2 manufacturing processes and resources, with the ability to provide a full range of scale manufacturing services, and providing a diversified and high-quality product mix for customers is one of the core competitiveness of semiconductor manufacturers. Companies are the most comprehensive power of domestic product lines.
The company has a national lead semiconductor manufacturing process, an international lead in bcd process technology, and crystal-crys manufacturing technology such as the mems process.
At the same time, the company’s manufacturing resources are at the forefront of the country’s economy, with a manufacturing capacity of about 6 inches crystal, a manufacturing capacity of about 2.47 million tablets per year, an 8 inch crystal manufacturing capacity of about 1.33 million tablets per year, and a full range of size-based manufacturing uniforms for customers. From the historical process, the global semiconductor industry has completed two industrial shifts: the first was from the United States to Japan in the 1970s.
The second was the shift of semiconductor industries to South Korea and Taiwan in the 1980’s. Both successful industrial shifts led to a shift in industrial development, a shift in the division of labour, a re-allocation of resources, and an opportunity for catchers to enter the market, thus driving innovation and development across the industry.
China has the largest and fastest growing semiconductor consumer market in the world, and in the future, with new technologies such as networking of goods, 5g communications, artificial intelligence, etc.
The industrial upgrading of semiconductors, such as consumer electronics, industrial controls, automobiles, etc., has accelerated. The upgrading of downstream markets has led to the growth of semiconductor enterprises. In the case of automobiles, new energy cars need to use more sensors and brake integrated circuits, while the value of new vehicles will be twice as high as that of conventional cars, while the power of semiconductors will be equal to that of conventional cars.
Examples have also risen from 20% to nearly 50%; in the area of physical networking, according to Gartner, global connectivity is projected to rise from 3.75 billion in 2014 to 25 billion in 2020, creating a market size of over $300 billion, of which the overall cost is concentrated in mcu, communication chips, and sensor chips, which together account for up to 60-70%.
There will be new opportunities for development. Through autonomous R & D, companies have mastered core technologies with autonomous intellectual property rights in the main business areas, most of which are in the lead in the country, among which sbd-type scd design and process technology, optical coupling and sensor series chip design and manufacturing technology, and bcd process technology.
The semiconductor industry has a strong cyclical character, with the global semiconductor sector entering a downward cycle in the fourth quarter of 2018, starting in the third quarter of 2019, and is affected by the growth of downstream applications such as 5g, and has recovered in the semiconductor sector; it is expected to be affected by the new coronary virus pneumonia epidemic in 2020.
In the long run, however, the semiconductor sector is at the heart of the electronics chain, accompanied by the expansion of downstream applications and the continued movement of world industries, with larger alternatives to the semiconductor industry, large market space, and companies benefiting from the market space created by downstream demand and import substitution.
Due to the volatility of the macro-economic and semiconductor industries, corporate manufacturing and service operations are expected to emerge in 2019 and 2020 with the country's leading crystal-crystal manufacturing services, the first three indigenous crystal-crys manufacturing firms in the country, with the company stocking of 8 inch mems platform technology and 0.5 micrometres 500-600vsoibci platform technology, together with a continuous shift of the electronics industry into the country.
Corporate product and programme operations focused on power semiconductors, smart sensors and smart controls. The company has stored silicon-based device designs, sic power device designs, supermos device technology upgrades, mos product technology upgrades of ditch grids, etc. The business is expected to generate income of 253,661.45 million in 2019-2021 by upgrading the core technology.
Based on the company ' s financial data, the rate of increase in revenue and net profits has declined, but the company ' s Māori rate, net interest rates are relatively stable, financial quality is relatively high, and company patents and products are industry leaders, we believe that the pe valuation method can be used. Currently, companies listed in the same industry include Slanwa, Hua Weiwe Electronics, Yangji Technology, and the China Rainbow Semiconductor and Mid-Crys International in Hong Kong ' s shares, with comparable company valuations as shown in the table below.
In the domestic semiconductor sector, the valuation is relatively high, and given the high threshold of venture capital, which in the long run is less mobile than the main market, we are (1) exposed to cyclical volatility in the industry. The semiconductor sector has a strong cyclical character and is closely linked to macroeconomics, and if macroeconomic waves are high or long-term low, the market demand in the semiconductor sector will be affected, thereby affecting the profitability of companies in the semiconductor sector.
(ii) Industry competition and technological R & D risks. There is currently a technology gap between firms’ R & D strength, process accumulation, product design and manufacturing capabilities, and brand visibility in some high-end markets, and international leaders such as British Flying and Ansomy. As leading semiconductor firms abroad focus more and more on Chinese markets, in an increasingly competitive market environment, firms cannot continuously upgrade their technology and improve their product performance and services.
Quality, cost reduction and optimal marketing networks risk losing market competitiveness for corporate products.