Zoomlion (1157 HK/000157 CH)
2024 results below expectation; Still positive
on the structural overseas growth trend
Zoomlion's 2024 results were weaker than our expectation, due to a slowdown
of overseas revenue growth (14%) in 4Q24, reduction of other income, and
increase in inventory turnover days. While we revise down our 2025E/26E
earnings forecast by 7%/8%, after incorporating lower sales volume growth and
China Capital Goods
higher distribution expenses due to overseas expansion, we remain positive
Wayne FUNG, CFA
on Zoomlion's structural overseas growth strategy with priorities on emerging
economies. On inventory, management is confident of a reduction of the
inventory level in 2025E. Our TP for Zoomlion A/H is revised down/up to
12-mth Price Performance
RMB9.9/HK$7.4, based on 2025E target P/E multiple of 19.5x for A-share and
30% discount for H-share. We see buying opportunities following the post-
results pullback. Maintain BUY.
4Q24 earnings highlight. Revenue in 4Q24 dropped 4% YoY to
RMB11.1bn, as the decline in China revenue (-18% YoY to RMB5.36bn)
offset the growth overseas (+14% YoY to RMB5.74bn). Overseas revenue
accounted for 52% of total revenue in 4Q24, slightly down from 57% in
3Q24. Blended gross margin expanded 0.6ppt YoY to 27.5%, as overseas
markets commanded a higher margin. Given the decline of non-operating
income (-89% YoY to RMB61mn), EBIT dropped 19% YoY to RMB519mn.
Net profit declined 45% YoY to RMB382mn, as a result of higher minority
interest due to higher growth of non-wholly owned AWP business. For the
full year in 2024, revenue/net profit dropped 1.2%/0.8% YoY to
RMB53bn/RMB3.5bn. Zoomlion proposed a dividend of RMB0.3/shr,
representing a pay-out ratio of 74%.
Low exposure to domestic property sector. Domestic property related
products such as concrete machinery and cranes sales accounted for only
13% of Zoomlion's total sales in 2024. For tower cranes, management
revealed that only 30-40% are related to property, with the balance related
Source: FactSet
to infrastructure, wind power installation and chemical plants construction.
Stock Data
For truck cranes, only 10% of the demand comes from property, with the
balance related to infrastructure, energy and municipal projects.
2025 outlook. Management did not provide much quantitative guidance in
the post-results call, but provided some key directions: (1) overseas market
expansion will be accelerated; (2) earth-working, mining, and agricultural
machinery will continue to be growth drivers; (3) share-based expenses,
which surged 2.1x YoY to RMB866mn, is expected to drop >50% in 2025;
Related reports:
Capital Goods - Non-earth-moving
(4) other operating expenses are expected to be on a downtrend.
Mar 2025 (link)
Earnings Summary - 1157 HK
(link)
Valuation
We roll over our target valuation to 2025E, based on 19.5x 2025E P/E, to reach our new
TP for A-share of RMB9.9 (previously RMB10.5). Our target P/E is based on the five-year
average historical P/E of 15x plus 1SD (previously based on 22x 2024E P/E, equivalent to
the peak valuation in 2021). We maintain our view that overseas expansion story will serve
as a structural driver.
Our new TP for H-share (HK$7.4, previously HK$6.8) is based on a 30% H/A discount
(previously 40%). Our narrowed target discount is to reflect the recent improvement in Hong
Kong market appetite.
Major risk factors: (1) further weakness of property investment in China; (2) a slowdown
of overseas demand; (3) increase in freight rates due to uncertain US tariff policy.
Figure 1: Zoomlion's 4Q24 results
Source: Company data, CMBIGM
Source: Company data, CMBIGM
Source: Company data, CMBIGM
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIGM
Source: Company data, CMBIGM
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIGM
Source: Company data, CMBIGM
Source: Company data, CMBIGM
Financial Summary
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates. Note: The calculation of net cash includes financial assets.
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities or issuer
that the analyst covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject securities or issuer; and (2)
no part of his or her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by that analyst in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities and Futures
Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue of this report; (2) will
deal in or trade in the stock(s) covered in this research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve as an officer of any of the Hong
Kong listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report.
CMBIGM Ratings
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
SELL
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
NOT RATED
: Stock is not rated by CMBIGM
OUTPERFORM
: Industry expected to outperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
MARKET-PERFORM
: Industry expected to perform in-line with the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
UNDERPERFORM
: Industry expected to underperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
CMB International Global Markets Limited
CMB International Global Markets Limited ("CMBIGM") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly owned
subsidiary of China Merchants Bank)
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all investors. CMBIGM
does not provide individually tailored investment advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual investment objectives, financial position
or special requirements. Past performance has no indication of future performance, and actual events may differ materially from that which is contained in the
report. The value of, and returns from, any investments are uncertain and are not guaranteed and may fluctuate as a result of their dependence on the
performance of underlying assets or other variable market factors. CMBIGM recommends that investors should independently evaluate particular investments
and strategies, and encourages investors to consult with a professional financial advisor in order to make their own investment decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIGM, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of CMBIGM
or its affiliate(s) to whom it is distributed. This report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security or any interest in
securities or enter into any transaction. Neither CMBIGM nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants, directors, officers or employees shall be
liable for any loss, damage or expense whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, incurred in relying on the information contained in this report. Anyone
making use of the information contained in this report does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available and reliable.
CMBIGM has exerted every effort in its capacity to ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or correctness. CMBIGM provides
the information, advices and forecasts on an "AS IS" basis. The information and contents are subject to change without notice. CMBIGM may issue other
publications having information and/ or conclusions different from this report. These publications reflect different assumption, point-of-view and analytical
methods when compiling. CMBIGM may make investment decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views in
this report.
CMBIGM may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for itself and/or
on behalf of its clients from time to time. Investors should assume that CMBIGM does or seeks to have investment banking or other business relationships with
the companies in this report. As a result, recipients should be aware that CMBIGM may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report
and CMBIGM will not assume any responsibility in respect thereof. This report is for the use of intended recipients only and this publication, may not be
reproduced, reprinted, sold, redistributed or published in whole or in part for any purpose without prior written consent of CMBIGM.
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
(as amended from time to time) ("The Order") or (II) are persons falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) ("High Net Worth Companies, Unincorporated Associations,
etc.,) of the Order, and may not be provided to any other person without the prior written consent of CMBIGM.
For recipients of this document in the United States
CMBIGM is not a registered broker-dealer in the United States. As a result, CMBIGM is not subject to U.S. rules regarding the preparation of research reports
and the independence of research analysts. The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report is not registered or qualified
as a research analyst with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ("FINRA"). The analyst is not subject to applicable restrictions under FINRA Rules
intended to ensure that the analyst is not affected by potential conflicts of interest that could bear upon the reliability of the research report. This report is
intended for distribution in the United States solely to "major US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6 under the US, Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended, and may not be furnished to any other person in the United States. Each major US institutional investor that receives a copy of this report
by its acceptance hereof represents and agrees that it shall not distribute or provide this report to any other person. Any U.S. recipient of this report wishing to
effect any transaction to buy or sell securities based on the information provided in this report should do so only through a U.S.-registered broker-dealer.
For recipients of this document in Singapore
This report is distributed in Singapore by CMBI (Singapore) Pte. Limited (CMBISG) (Company Regn. No. 201731928D), an Exempt Financial Adviser as defined
in the Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110) of Singapore and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. CMBISG may distribute reports produced by its
respective foreign entities, affiliates or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under Regulation 32C of the Financial Advisers Regulations.
Where the report is distributed in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor, Expert Investor or an Institutional Investor, as defined in the Securities
and Futures Act (Cap. 289) of Singapore, CMBISG accepts legal responsibility for the contents of the report to such persons only to the extent required by law.
Singapore recipients should contact CMBISG at +65 6350 4400 for matters arising from, or in connection with the report.