The three core products have sunk down the path of steady growth, consolidating their dominant position. In the first half of 2019, the seafood industry increased net profits by 22.34 per cent, or 16.51 per cent, on a year-on-year basis, and the net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies by 2,75 billion yuan, on a year-on-year basis, on a year-on-year basis.
There is a high probability that the three core products will grow steadily to complete the annual plan. The company maintained its core strategy unchanged during the reporting period, with the three main product lines of soy sauce, soy sauce and americium still prevailing.
Bits increase; asterium oil, under the pre-existing consumer education roll-out, shows a rapid trend from local to national and from catering to residential consumption, with a 21.13 per cent increase in revenue from ailing oil in the first half of the year; and soybean pasta has reached a bottleneck period, with a slower pace of growth, with the first half of the year following the adjustment of the business strategy
There has been a positive improvement in the year, with sauce products increasing by 7.48% over the same period. During the reporting period, company advance payments fell by 60.47% compared to the end of the previous period. According to historical data, end-of-year dealer pre-arrangement calls have resulted in a greater ability to pre-receipt payments, and more volatile futures such as soybeans, sugar, etc., will be deployed ahead of time.
During the reporting period, the company set up a subsidiary, Heilongjiang Haishu Agricultural Procurement Co. Ltd., to step up control over the quality of raw materials and control over the cost side. On the cost side, the company continues to drive down the canals to capture the overall market trends and secure the catering, circulation, retail, etc.
In keeping with the ongoing construction, the distribution network continues to expand in a far-reaching and deep direction. Some distributors choose the self-directed approach, and the corresponding reduction in freight costs reduces sales costs by 5.04%. In terms of operating efficiency, the increase in costs reduces the company ' s Māori ratio by 2.25 pct to 44.86%, and the cost of all three costs is lower.
The company is the absolute leader of the conservant industry, especially the soy sauce industry. The network of channels is extensive, has extensive and deep commercial and circulation channels, and continues to sink in vulnerable areas. Products such as soy sauce and aphid oil have a higher brand content and consumer recognition in the domestic consumer community.
Art shows are designed to enhance the image of the brand to the younger generation who change their age. It enhances brand penetration of major products. Open-source securities, Inc. Rates.
However, keeping the sea-to-sea channel deep can be expected to increase further from space. The company has opened the diversified city gate, 5th floor, strategic layout, extended expansion and a powerful sea-to-sea channel capability, which will further consolidate the company's savvy mix.
This report is presented independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not received a post either directly or indirectly because I did not, nor because I did, nor would I receive a specific recommendation or opinion in this report.
Disclosures of company-related information The company fulfils its disclosure obligations as far as it is aware, as defined by the increase or decline in securities relative to the market benchmark index in the six months following the reporting date, as follows:
In the six-month period following the reporting date, industry was defined as follows: (overweight): industry outperformed overall market performance; (underweight): industry was weaker than overall market performance.