Daily consumption of foods, beverages and tobacco reported in the seafood industry: loss of value-added tax on benefits and continued increase in net interest rates
The company announced in mid-2019 that during the reporting period, $10.160 billion had been collected, income continued to grow faster in the second quarter alone, aglued oil had risen faster and regional development had been more balanced, considering a downward adjustment in the value added tax rate as of April 1st.
Total equity/flow (millions of shares) The corresponding income generated from distribution fees was reduced, offset by a similar real rate of increase.
Aphid oil continues to grow at a much higher rate than 6.13 per cent in a quarter, and the seafood industry (603288), the annual seafood industry review: the soy sauce speed ring drops by 2.36 pct, but the marginal change in its income ratio is not significant.
The target of two and five was reached on schedule, with a steady increase in the new five-year period, with a regional increase in income in the regions of East, South, Central, North and West in the second quarter alone.
The number of distributors is 47, 38, 68, 140, 87. The number of new distributors in the northern region is high and is associated with the downfall of channels and deep-farming of markets; accelerated market penetration in the western and central regions; seafood (603288).
In terms of volume, the regions have developed more evenly. Assessment: sales have returned to high growth, performance has grown better.
The product structure and channel adjustment of the sauce is beginning to show results, and growth is rising at a pace that is expected. The Māori rate is under pressure: higher costs are the main cause, followed by the depreciation amortization of the product structure and the technology adaptation project.
The same-year decline of 0.62 pct. The change in product structure has led to a decline in the Māori rate because the Māori rate for soy sauce is significantly higher than that for aphids, flavour sauce, and other small products. However, combined with the q2 ring to q1, the seafood industry has reported an improvement in taxes and fees, and income profits continue to grow at a higher rate.
In the analysis, the share of the soy sauce income has not changed significantly, but the Maori ring has fallen by 2 pct, mainly because of the price increases in raw materials such as soybeans in the context of the trade war, while the prices of additives and packages such as glass have continued to rise, putting greater pressure on the cost of production.
Capital expenditures resulting from, inter alia, technological changes will also increase in a phased manner the depreciation amortization of costs. Since both the downward adjustment in the value added tax rate and the increase in the share of goods offered by distributors will have an impact on nominal income and, in turn, on the Māori rate, the two offsets are expected to have a smaller impact.
Overall, the main reason for the decline in the Māori rate is at the cost end, followed by product structure and amortization, among others. In order to control the increase in costs, companies set prices for raw materials in the form of advance purchases and hoarding, resulting in a decline of 88.31% and 15.59%, respectively, in the net operating cash flow of q1 and q2.
However, the quality of the statements, combined with indicators such as inventory, sales returns and the rate of increase, sales collection and so on, was healthy and did not have to be unduly worried. The lower value added tax rate, lower freight and promotion costs, and higher net interest rates and net profits
Value-added tax increases directly by raising revenue and increasing profits. At the same time, freight costs are reduced considerably as a result of the use of transit warehouses and the increased share of goods offered by distributors.
For the first time, the administrative cost rate (including R & D) has fallen below 4% of sales income. In the context of the Maori burden, net interest rates have been raised both by the same and by the ring, ensuring faster net profits.
Follow-up outlook: Māori rates are stable, cost rates are expected to continue to improve, income and profits are expected to continue to grow, and we used to judge that the cost of raw materials might have increased mildly in 2019, which is now somewhat overrated. Because of the uncertainty of the Chinese-American trade war and domestic inflation, prices, etc.
The cost side may continue to be stressed. Companies seek regularity and experience in offsetting cost pressures, while the Māori rate is expected to be stable with the product’s high end and structural upgrading.
As the scale continues to grow, productive capacity is fully released, product structure is more rational, productivity is more efficient, and the company’s income, profits, and profitability can be increased. Seafood industry continues to expand, thanks to its distinctive advantages in brands, channels, products, and size.
The company will continue to sustain robust growth in the future, with sustained release of performance, and the probability that the "3 by 5" development will be successful. In combination with the company ' s 2019 performance guidelines, we predict that the company will continue to grow robustly.
In the seafood industry, it is reported that tax revenues have improved and income profits have continued to grow, considering that the company will be able to maintain a high rate of growth over the next two years, supported by foreign capital and capital from the North, the 9th North Street in the West Side of Beijing City.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.