- Seafood Industries (603288.sh) 2019 Report Review, 15/08/2019 Company Rating: Increase (first time)
Income and net profits increased by 17% and 22% in the first half of 2019. Companies achieved business income of $10.16 billion, 16.5% in the same year, net profit to mothers of $2.75 billion, 22.3% in the same year, net gain of $2.6 billion, 20.9% in the same year.
2) The three core products grew evenly, and the sauce business was restructured and re-emerged. Soy sauce, aphid oil, and sauce revenue grew by 13.6% and robustly, respectively, during the reporting period. The oil-consuming business was the leading player in the expansion of nationalization and consumer consumption.
The sauce business has been re-emerged after adjusting its business strategy, reporting an increase of 4.93 percentage points in the reporting period over 18 years, a double drop in the Māori rate and the period cost rate, and an increase in net interest rates.
The cost of materials has risen, capital costs associated with technological change have increased, and the share of non-sale oil products with a relatively low Māori ratio has increased further; the cost rate has fallen by 3.4 during the period, which was the beginning of the company’s 3 by 5 initiative in 2019.
The finer management tends to be extreme, creating barriers to industry. The higher cost of the product will further accelerate the withdrawal of small businesses and hopefully start a new price-up cycle for leading companies.
The competitive advantages of growth, management, channels, etc., will continue to increase their market share and resilience to risk in the future, maintaining a “growth” rating.2 The company's Māori rate is already high, although there is still room for increase, assuming that it is based on conservative principles
3. Cost rates have declined as a result of the expansion of the scale of operations.4 Tax rates have been maintained at current levels.4 Since open compliance channels, the report ' s analytical logic is based on one ' s own professional understanding, and the report clearly and accurately reflects his own research views and concludes that no third party is involved
No part of my remuneration has been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendation or opinion in this report.