The seafood industry (603288) food beverages are growing robustly, and the charge raises net interest rates.
Summary of performance: The company issued its mid-term report for 2019, which achieved revenue of $10.16 billion (+17%) in the first half of the year, income of $4.67 billion (+16%), net profit of $1.27 billion (+22%) to the mother, balanced goods with non-net profits, and robust growth. 1) Sub-products, soy sauce, ale oil and soy sauce generated business income of 59.9 per cent, respectively
With the steady growth of the soy sauce, the speed of the sauce under the expansion and market spread, the adjustment strategy worked, with 19% growth in other products (such as alcohol, vinegar, etc.) and gradual cultivation. 2) Sub-channels have generated operating revenues of 9.48 billion yuan (+14%) from the offline channel, and online channels.
Operating income of $210 million (+44 per cent) increased slightly on-line. 3) Subregionally, the expansion continued, with the highest growth rate in the western region, around 20 per cent in the central western region, the remaining 5369 in the south-eastern region, faster development of dealers in the north-central region, and stronger corporate engagement in vulnerable areas.
Cost increases, structural adjustments affecting Māori rates, and increases in net interest rates for cost control. 1, 2019 H1 Gross Māori rates fell mainly as a result of (a) the higher cost of raw materials such as soybeans, bottles, additives: (b) the faster overall increase in the growth of asterium at a lower rate of Māori: (c) the company ' s expansion and technology improvement projects initiated at the beginning of the year.
The resulting depreciation has had a partial impact on the Māori rate.2 On the cost side, the sales cost rate was 11 per cent, a decrease of 2.5 pp from the year to year, mainly due to lower promotion costs and freight costs (the distributioner chose the self-financing method to reduce freight charges); the management cost rate (including R & D) was 4 per cent, a decrease of 0.2 pp from the same year, reflecting higher operating effectiveness.
Rate; financial cost rate - 0.71%, benefiting mainly from the increase in interest on deposits. The overall rate of 13.5% is 13.5%, the 3 by 5 plan is starting well and the company growth logic is clear. The year 2019 was the year when the company started the 3 by 5 plan, and performance guidelines for the beginning of the year were $19.76 billion (+16%) and $5.24 billion (+20%) in net profits, respectively.
At the same time, companies are expanding and nurturing using the platform and superior resources of the sea sky.
New products, such as liquor, vinegar, and composite sauce, create a condensed condensate. The expansion of the new product will lead to sustained high growth, looking at the third five years as a “sea sky.” 1. Seafood (603288): high-quality growth, new five.
Seafood Industries (603288): The Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the China Securities Supervisory Commission (CMSC) and will not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the reasons that it has not, for any reason or for any specific recommendation or opinion in this report.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.