Seafood Industries (603288.sh)
Incident: Corporate announcement of $10.16 billion in revenue in the first half of 2019, an increase of 16.51 per cent in comparison, net gain of $2.75 billion, an increase of 22.34 per cent in relation to the previous year, and a decrease of 44.86 per cent in the Maori rate, a decrease of 2.25 pct in relation to the same year, mainly due to fluctuations in the prices of raw materials and an increase in the share of non-basket oil products affected by trade relations.
A total of 46.7 billion dollars, a 16 per cent increase in the same year, a net profit of 1.27 billion, a 21.8 per cent increase in the same year, a Māori rate of 43.8 per cent, and a 2q soybean oil, bauxite and soybean revenues of 61.3 billion and 1.7 billion, respectively, increased at a rate of 12.33 per cent, influenced by quarterly factors, but increased steadily overall, with the flavour sauce recovering at a much faster rate than we expected.
At the cost end, the company’s control capacity continues to be excellent. The combined cost rate for the first half of the year was 13.5 per cent, a decline compared to the same year.
Despite an 11 per cent decline in inventory compared to the beginning of the period, mainly in the form of stocks, in response to the price of raw materials, the first half of the year was characterized by a higher level of purchases of raw materials, with a book value of 460 million, an increase of 210 million compared to the beginning of the period, and a 30 per cent increase in cash payments for goods and services compared to the same period last year.
In summary, because of the cyclical nature of the industry, the company, as the leader in the business, maintains a “holding” rating, given the firm's sound operation, by controlling cost efficiency gains, and the share of institutional investors in the circulation a.
The report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investments made by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Credit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose.