High and steady growth in performance and a better balance in the region - mid-19 in the seafood industry (603288)
On August 14, 19th, the sea weather industry published its 19th semi-annual report. During the reporting period, the company earned $10160 million, or +16.51 per cent of the year, and realized a net return to the mother of $2.750 billion, or +22.34 per cent of the year. > 19h1 performance maintained high growth, with 76.69 per cent of the income of the three core categories contributing. >
The 19h1 company achieved revenues of $10.160 billion, compared to +16.51 per cent, the equivalent of q2 of $4.670 billion, compared to +16 per cent, and the acceleration was stable; the return to the mother net profit of $1,274 million, compared to +21.79 per cent, the increase was also stable. Overall, the 19h1 company maintained a steady and high growth rate, with the completion of the entire year's camp.
The target of +16 per cent net profit + 20 per cent was added. Sub-products, 2.14 per cent of the three main cores of 19H1/o2. Sub-regions, driven by the expansion of distributors, saw a significant increase in income in the central and western regions (97 net increase in the number of distributors in the central and western regions and 18.79 per cent increase in the number of distributors in the western region; 100 net increase in the number of distributors in the western region).
The regional distribution of the business is more balanced than the corresponding ratio +23. \triangleright \triangleright net interest rate increases by both cost efficiency during the period and net gains from fair value changes
Q2 is also expected to have the potential for partial cost costing (19q2 Māori and sales rates are double, but the gross sales margin is generally generally stable); net interest rate: 19h1 net interest rate is 27.07 per cent, compared to +1.29 per cent, which is largely due to negative growth in net interest rates against a background of a significant decline in Māori rates.
Double increase in the net return on cost efficiency and fair value changes during the period: a significant decrease in the cost rate over the period 19H1 was attributable mainly to a reduction in freight rates of 1.9 percentage points due to the selection of product withdrawals by some distributors, and a decrease in financial cost rates due mainly to a significant increase in interest income on deposits during the period.
Percentage points; net gains on fair value change ratio + 0.85 per cent, mainly due to company implementation of new accounting standards for financial instruments since the reporting period, with some gains on bank property accounted for in the loss/loss on fair value changes.
\triangleright 1. Energy end: At the end of 2017, Seaday launched a smart 2.2 million-ton flavour expansion project with a total expansion of 2.2 million tons (of which 1.5 million tons of soy sauce, 300,000 tons of soy sauce and 400,000 tons of composite spices) and new soy sauce production capacity.
So the release of production capacity was assessed as “3 by 5” starting in 19 with a single sauce cagr of about 15 per cent and 9.5 per cent, respectively: performance met expectations, and the release of capacity set the tone for sustained growth in the “3 by 5” plan; 2. At the end of the product: the concentration of resources focuses on the three main cores of soy sauce, aphid oil, soy sauce and soy sauce.
Heart class, boosts the structure of soy sauce, increases the volume of aphid oil, strengthens the new market for soy sauce, while focusing on vinegar, 2. Performance is somewhat over-expected, releasing new products for R & D and culture, such as "3 by 5" wine; 3. Channel end: push down channels, through the number of salesmen and distributors
The expansion has led to the development of low-winded markets in the mid-western region, which boosts income growth. The overall level of the plate, taking into account the company’s three-pronged approach to capacity, products, and channels, is expected to increase its performance in the future faster than the industry average.
The forecast of corporate financial statements is summarized in such factors as the expected rise in consumption, abnormal increases in prices of upstream raw materials, and risks to food security.
Xuyang, research assistant in the food and beverages industry, and Master of Financial Sciences, joined civil securities in 2018. The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the reports are derived from the regulatory channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial, and not to be influenced by any third party.