The Centre for Consumer Upgradation and Recreational Studies (CEFIR) is performing as expected, and the vanguard advantage continues to deepen by billions of yuan, i.e. +22.34 per cent in the same year; eps 1.02 yuan in the same year.
Same +16.0 per cent; mother-to-child net profit of $1,273 million, same +21.79 per cent. Income continued to grow steadily, with a more diversified structure: corporate q2 and first-half-year earnings continued to hit the city slightly with the same +16 per cent and powerful brand influences, respectively; aphids continued to move from local to nationalization and from catering to housing.
In the first half of the year, the company achieved a combined operating income of $723 million, compared to +19.2%, and the product expansion strategy was on track. In the long run, the company’s three main products were excellent.
The trend will continue, while the income structure will become more diversified.
The annual Māori rate was 44.86 per cent, a decline of 2.25 pct over the same period last year, mainly as a result of restructuring of products, with a rise in the share of non-safu oil operations with lower gross interest rates, and a projected increase in soybean prices in the second quarter of the year to gross.
Interest rates also have an impact. The company ' s sales and management rates for the first half of the year were 11% and 3.97% (including R & D costs), respectively, falling by 2.49 pct and 0.19 pct, respectively.
The same value was also reduced, mainly as a result of the choice of self-financing by some of the distributors and the corresponding reduction in freight costs, which led to the third quarterly review of the sea weather industry in 2018, which increased the visibility of large brands and contributed more effectively to corporate marketing costs. Companies achieved net interest rates in the first half of the year.
27.08 per cent, an increase of 1.97 pct over the same year, largely benefiting from a downward shift in the cost rate during the period, the level of net interest rates, the excellent performance of which makes the h2 business strategy more effective.
The strong cost management and industry chain bargaining capabilities that have been built in the course of corporate development, deep access and brand influence will help companies to continue to consolidate the vanguard of corporate advantage, raise market ownership and corporate brand value in the taste industry, and sustain growth over the “3 by 5” period.
Changes in prices of raw materials, food safety issues, output expansion less than expected Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, then averaged the final rating as average market investment