On October 15th, 2024, Gdr was released to raise overseas capacity, and the global layout went further.
• Launching of gdr to raise corporate global branding power
Gdr represents an additional base stock of no more than 207 million shares for total fund-raising (including RMB billion for: (1) an advanced storage equipment manufacturing project that produces 20 gwh per year; (2) an expansion of equipment and storage capacity overseas; (3) a digital upgrading project; and (4) a construction project for the Nanjing Research and Development Centre.
The expansion of outward investment can respond effectively to the risks of trade disputes in the current international context. Consider the company’s continued globalization of the business layout and its branding influence to ensure that its photovoltaic reverse transformers and storage systems are integrated into a global leader who actively expands overseas capacity-building and enhances the firm’s core competitiveness.
The company plans to invest $1.927 billion in overseas production systems that produce 50 gw per annum and 15 gwh storage energy products. One of the projects plans 25 gw per annum, 5 gwh per cent per annum, 2nd phase plans 25gw per annum, 10 gwh per cent per annum.
Including: (1) ability to respond effectively to the geopolitical risks of companies operating abroad, to meet the demands of overseas customers for supply chain stability, and to increase the confidence of overseas customers in working with companies. (2) Increasing the capacity of firms with global delivery capacity to reverse the impact of corporate capacity as a proportion of total capacity and storage of energy products is not yet overseas.
Building overseas production can enhance the ability and flexibility of companies to deliver globally. (3) Building overseas factories can move into Light Chieftainship, with steady growth in performance, and step up corporate branding. Overseas factories can serve as a window for corporate globalization.
- Corporate Information Update - 2024.8.26 Obtaining overseas orders, participating in all bidding exercises with a high degree of acceptance and trust from clients, and also benefiting companies.
Deepening the coverage of products and services in South-East Asia and even in Europe and the United States further exploits the potential for segmenting markets, increasing the radiation of their operations and increasing their market share in the global market.