Performance short-term pressure, long-term growth space - Sunshine Power (300274.sz) Quarterly Review Report 2024 Investment Rating: Purchases (Maintenance)
The growth was mainly due to the continued positive demand for photovoltaic inverters and storage capacity, both domestic and foreign, but the exchange rate was reversed due to a significant increase in the stock ring ratio and the positive cash flow ratio. By the end of 2024q3, the company had a net operating cash flow of $804 million for the first three quarters of the 24th quarter, of which q3 was net operating.
The gold stream is 3,408 million yen, and the ring balance is straight. The storage system is a leader, and the future growth space is wide. The company is a leader in the domestic storage system, and a few pcs have the capacity to network globally.
Development strategies, with overseas Indian production bases and Thai factory capacity reaching 25gw, are widely applied to mature electricity markets in Europe, the Americas, the Middle East, and Asia and the Pacific. Companies will continue to deepen their global markets in the future, expanding their market share.
Profit forecasts and investment ratings: The company is the leader of a photovoltaic inverter and storage energy system and is expected to benefit extensively from global demand growth. The company is expected to double its net profit share in 2024-2026, and its current valuation is reasonable. The “buy-in” rating is maintained.
\triangleright semi-annual review report 2024.08.28
(c) " The high performance of the light-storage poles and the increased profitability -- recognizing the risk of income not being as fast as expected; and the risk of force majeure factors " .
\triangleright, read the text carefully and have the exemption clause attached to this report.
I do not rate myself as r4 for this report's risk rating, but only for customers (c4 and c4) who meet the appropriate management requirements of the investors (hereinafter referred to as “the company”)
At different times, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, but it is not obligated to do so.