On October 15th, 2024, Gdr was launched outside the country to speed up the distribution of overseas production capacity.
Guo Yamen : On the evening of 14 October 2024, the company issued an announcement that Gdr, outside Germany, was to be released, with an estimated 10 per cent of the total equity of the new basic securitiesa stock, to be raised in the amount of $4.88 billion.
• Increasing production capacity abroad and enhancing global branding. The company's current fund-raising is using $2 billion to boost domestic storage capacity in the 20gwh advanced storage equipment manufacturing project for fertilizer, and 1.76 billion overseas for overseas 50gw inverters and other equipment.
The 15gwhh storage energy product expansion project, the location of which will be further determined in the light of the overseas situation, could help meet the supply chain stability requirements of overseas clients, actively address the risks of international trade protection and friction, and enhance the global delivery capacity and flexibility of companies, while at the same time improving their ability to deliver.
High-integration and digitalization plants can enhance and optimize the corporate brand image of globalization, facilitating a step-by-step effort to obtain customers’ and foreign orders, and raising corporate global market power.
The same increase of 61 per cent, with 35-40gwh expected to be installed throughout the year, more than double the increase in the same year, with the sun remaining at the top two of the United States market, with strong brands; the need for large reserves in Europe, Chile, Australia; and the high demand in the Middle East, with the sun winning the 7.8gwh mark in July, with the market missing.
The 70-90gwh project is still under way, and emerging market demand is expected to double every year, and light is at the top of the list in the Middle East. The demand for the benefits is strong, the company’s large reserves continue to grow, the q3 rings continue to grow, and the year’s delivery is expected to reach 25gwh+, and 25 are expected to double.
▪ Profit forecasts and investment ratings: We maintain the previous profit projections, we expect the company to be a leader in 2024-2026, we give the company 25 years 20xpe, corresponding to Sunshine Power (300274); deep-farming storage.
Deep, branded technology is a leader. Sunshine Power (300274); Mid 2024 Report.
Three major financial forecasts of solar power sources: Toshio Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the China Securities and Supervisory Board, is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy operations.