The collection is expected to accelerate at the end of the year, and the global layout of the gdr contribution is to be released on November 03, 2024 \triangleright
Postponement of receipt delays and changes in the structure of the shipment affected the profitability of 24q3. The 24q3 storage system was delayed in comparison with the \triangleright shipment, while the validation pace of the new energy investment development business project was delayed, affecting the public.
The Māori ratio of 24q3 sales is 29.52%, the ring ratio is generally stable, the impact of net sales and storage system delivery structures, the relative low-profit share of domestic market revenue rises, and the storage capacity of Deng Young-kang
Increased competition in the market has led to a decline in the price of the storage energy system. Foresight 24q4, with the acceleration of the start-up and delivery of overseas market orders, we expect that corporate profits will improve.
\triangleright and the increase in overseas stocks to meet overseas reserve order delivery needs, looking at 24q4, the King's first example.
As the end of the year approaches, the purchase orders are expected to accelerate and contribute to the company’s profits. The net cash flow generated by the operations of 24q3 is $3.408 billion, a 55.24 per cent increase in the ring, and the cash flow ratio of the company’s operations is significantly changed.
Well, looking ahead to 24q4, towards the end of the year, with actual delivery of ongoing projects and overseas projects, we expect an increase in the public sector’s return and a continued improvement in cash flows. Gdr is proposed to be released offshore, contributing to the global layout.
Applications for admission to the Shenzhen Stock Exchange for new in-country shares of the Global Deposit Certificate will be processed by adding 35gwh storage products and 50gw retrofit equipment capacity, which will include the construction of 1. Sunshine Power (300274.sz) semi-annual reporting point in 2024.
This expansion of overseas production capacity is expected to enhance the global profile of companies and enhance their core competitiveness.
Sun power (300274.sz) performance forecast for 2023
\triangleright Rating: q3 outperforms expectations, storage & new energy investment development Rapid release - 2023/10/29
Assessment: significant increase in profitability, smooth glimmers and storage capacity, with the methodological and analytical logic of 2023/08/26 leading to conclusions, independent and objective presentation of the present report and accountability for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, civil security GmbH (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) with CSRC's licensing qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy operations, either for, or for the specific recommendation or opinion in this report.