The company issued a performance report for the medium term, with 2018h1 achieving operating income of 16.542 billion yuan, an increase of 7.57 per cent in the same year, net profit of 514,298 million yuan, an increase of 5.81 per cent in the same year and net profit of 46,526,88,000 yuan in the net profit from non-recurring losses and losses, an increase of 41.71 per cent in the same year.
The business transformation gains highlighted the significant growth in performance of the 2018h1 company, which achieved a 41.7 per cent increase in non-net profit on a year-on-year basis, which was higher than the 7.57 per cent increase in revenue, mainly due to the significant expansion of the high Maori engineering and services portfolio and a rapid increase in operating income and new orders during the reporting period.
The engineering and service sub-blocks, which account for 20.5 per cent of the 20.5 per cent of the operating income of $3.38 billion, represent an increase of 85.5 per cent over the same period. The engineering and service sub-blocks, which have been the focus of the company’s business transformation in recent years, are 25.2 per cent higher than the energy and equipment manufacturing sector, where it is 25.2 per cent higher than the energy and equipment manufacturing 10 pc, contributing 28 per cent to the company’s overall profits. Of the 16,962 million new orders, new orders for engineering and services accounted for 28 per cent.
The acquisition and adoption of the parent company's assets by Eastern financial and intellectual sources, with the addition of new electronics and smart controls, finance, logistics, trade, new energy sources, industrial smart equipment and so on, with electronics and smart control accounting for 4 per cent of the company's total revenues, 6 per cent of new orders and upgrades
The company is moving towards a transition from a traditional equipment manufacturer to an integrated service provider, with the main functional plates and supplies for the online smart power station service platform 2018h1 being largely built, and, in the context of the gradual slowdown in electricity investment, the positive transformation will increase the competitiveness and profitability of the company in the stock market.
In the context of a significant improvement in wind and electricity operations throughout the country, with a 4.9 per cent drop in wind and a 28.6 per cent increase in wind and electricity production, the company ' s offshore wind and electricity orders made a zero breakthrough, with the winning bid for a 60mw offshore wind and wind and power project in the Fortune Bay. Foreign wind and electricity orders continued to grow, the Aisha project in Ethiopia and the Heradura II project in Cuba became fully operational, and the Ulyanovsk project in Russia has obtained equipment handover certificates issued by the owners.
At the same time, substantial progress has been made in the development of new wind and wind products, 5mw offshore wind machines have been certified and first orders obtained, 8mw offshore wind and development is proceeding as planned, and 3.xmw land wind machines have completed construction design and have received stage design certifications. 2018h1 wind machines produce 94 units/0.22gw, a decline of 38% compared to the same period.
3. International operations are expanding, and the benefits of asset consolidation are highlighted. Companies have fully integrated their international operational resources, resulting in the operationalization of international integration in the East. The overall international market situation in the East is gradually emerging.
During the reporting period, the value of overseas projects was equivalent to RMB 17.8 billion, the announcement of awards for large projects such as Hannavien, Egypt, and the new entry of urban areas into regions and countries such as Papua New Guinea, Uzbekistan, and Mali, Africa. The expansion of overseas operations contributed to the development of new markets and the upgrading of corporate reputations and technology, while also mitigating the underutilization of domestic demand.
4. The new nuclear power project will reboot the nuclear power equipment business.
The company's good supply performance in the field of nuclear power equipment manufacturing, which enabled the manufacture of the vast majority of nuclear island masters, and the export of nuclear power equipment from the 2018h1 company, led to a breakthrough in obtaining a contract for the supply of low-voltage outer tanks for the conventional island turbines at Cape Hinkelec, United Kingdom, and heavy support equipment for the island, which is a great affirmation of the company's capacity to manufacture nuclear power equipment. The company's nuclear power supply operation slowed down as no new nuclear power project was approved in 2016 and 2017.
On 14 August of that year, three units of unit 1, ap1,000, had entered a 100 per cent power platform and were about to enter the business phase. The completion of the three units, a 1 after nine years of construction, would trigger a new wave of nuclear power, and the company, with its leading edge in the field of nuclear power manufacturing, would benefit from the re-establishment of new projects.
Overseas expansion, accompanied by continued expansion to more profitable engineering and services, the development of new areas such as electronics and smart controls, and the enhancement of corporate performance
He's a leader of the basic chemical industry team, nine years of experience in the securities industry, and he's good at keeping track of the development of the chemical industry in a macroeconomic context.
Master of Science and Technology, 4 years of work experience in the nuclear power industry, 3 years of work experience in the international energy engineering industry.
In 2018, he joined the East Hing Portfolio for research on electrical equipment and new energy sources.
We have tried to report on the objectivity and impartiality of the content, but the views, conclusions and recommendations contained in the text are only for information purposes.
The information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investor on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report and hand them over.
Easily and may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies