In the first half of the year, performance increased at a rate commensurate with the expected strength of the business portfolios. In the first half of 2018, the company achieved operating income of 16,542 million yuan, an increase of 7.57 per cent in the same year; net return of 514 million yuan, an increase of 5.81 per cent in the same year; and deduction of non-contribution of 465 million yuan, an increase of 41.71 per cent in the same year.
Operating cash flows of $740 million, compared to $949 million in the same period last year. Combined Māori 18.12 per cent, down by 1 percentage point from the same time. The company's main business portfolio is sound and solidly established, while opening overseas markets, and its products have a good reputation, both within and outside the country. During the reporting period, the company continues to explore other areas.
Operations, sustained energy in new energy sectors such as photovoltaic heat, hydrogen fuel cells, nuclear power, and so on, have achieved good results.
First, the coal-fired bid extends the three main mainframe facilities of oil, the Long Beach in Hebei, and the South Harbour in Tianjinhua to over 40% of the market. Nuclear power has been supplied with low-voltage outer cylinders for the conventional nuclear power plant in Cape Hinkec, the nuclear-island heavy support equipment supply contract, and the nuclear power equipment has "gos out" to make a breakthrough.
In the reporting period, the company signed a total contract of approximately $4.4 billion with the project consortium of the Shanghai Electric Group and the Egyptian Electric Holdings Company for the acquisition of three major mainframe equipment for the second phase of the 660 megawatt coal-fired power plant off the coast of Viet Nam.
The company has also signed a strategic cooperation agreement with the China Can build a dam group to deepen cooperation between the two sides in the traditional energy sector and enhance corporate influence at the national and international levels.
The new energy business has a high number of bright spots, continuously optimizing the order structure, generating $9.62 billion for clean and efficient energy equipment, $2.16 billion for renewable energy equipment, and close to national policy to explore new energy ventures.
16,962 million yuan, of which 35.5 per cent were clean and efficient energy and 25.4 per cent were renewable energy sources.
The foreign wind orders continued to expand, the Aisha project in Ethiopia, the Heradura II project in Cuba, and the Russian-Soulyanovsk project obtained a certificate from the owner for the transfer of equipment.
Substantial progress has been made, 5mw offshore windmills have been certified and first orders obtained, 8mw offshore windmill development is proceeding as planned, and 3.xmw land windmills have been designed and phased