The solar system of alternative car and car parts continues to improve and self-inflicted prospects for a rebound: the company released sales in March and sold 174,000 vehicles this month, compared to +57.59% last year.
The impact of the chip is already beginning to show. The entire industry was suspended in 2020 because of the impact of the epidemic, so there is a more objective and clear direction to the 2019 target. The stock of Honda Honda sold in March was 633,000, down from 2019.
12.08 per cent; a total of 1,819,000 vehicles were sold during the quarter, a decline of 3.1 per cent from 2019, and the underlying performance was stable, mainly due to the commencement of the externalization of the lack of cores in March, while end sales were good in January and February owing to the fact that stocks were not digested.
In March, the Volvo Toyota stock/flow (million shares) re-entered a high-yielding, high-volume, high-volume, high-speed, high-yielding, high-speed, high-yielding, high-speed, high-yielding, high-speed, high-yielding, high-yielding, high-yielding, high-yielding, high-yielding, high-yielding, high-yielding, high-yielding, high-yielding, high-yielding, high-yielding, high-yielding, high-yielding, high-yielding, high-yielding, high-yielding, high-yielding, high-value, high-valued, high-valued, high-valued, high-valued, high-valued, high-valued, high-valued, high-valued, high-valued capital/flow (million) capital/flow (million shares) in March.
In March, without the impact of the chip, it was believed that sales would have been better. Wide enough for the first quarter of the year to be sold.
The first was the addition of the Handa sister-car-type Willanda, and the second was the explosive car-type thunderballs, so that it could get warm on its own -- 2021/03/25.
Camerry, Miranda's sales have continued to rise. Before, the Big Car Matrix was bigger than the German ones, it was more conservative, it was less of a car type, but with the change-of-purchase cycle, the solar system.
Group: Short-term performance pressure, waiting for autonomous heating -- cars are based on excellent performance + quality, highly accepted by clients, and the future optimization of the product matrix will be followed by a review of the BG sales volume by the Broad Gas Group (601238):
The solar system is growing robustly, and its autonomy is shrinking -- it's going down, and it's going to bounce back. It's going to be worth 26,219/10/13 in March.
Following this, there has been a decline in the spread of the disease due to increased domestic competition and a decline in the country’s automobile sales in 2019. The company’s introduction in 2019 of a gpma-based structure will develop a model block structure covering all types of vehicles. We believe that the new gpma architecture, the new concept, is promising.
In November 2020, the "Eane" brand was declared independent and positioned as a high-end smart electric vehicle brand. There are now four vehicles under the Eian flag, similar to Peng.
We know that future cars are like mobile computers, that they are personal spaces, that unique “product” thinking is the key to the success of new energy vehicles, and that traditional core indicators such as engine performance, 100
The rice acceleration, real leather seats, etc. have been phased out from the historical arena. The independent operation of new energy items, their light-loading, and more market-based operations are expected to produce more innovative products.
Investment proposals: Wide gas autonomy is expected to bounce back, big capital sales continue to improve, and wide gas production is expected to create a brand of high-end electric vehicles. We expect the company to return home in 2021 and 2022 with a net profit of $9.2 billion per $117 billion and a value of 11.7 times the value of the pe.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Inc. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and operates securities licence No. 1348000. The opinions expressed in the vouchers reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute an offer or request for quotations on the said securities.
Responsible. My company or associated agency may hold and trade in securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, and may also provide or seek investment banking services for these companies. The copyright in this report belongs to Pacific Securities Inc., unwritten.