In recent days, the company has organized a company's Science and Technology Day launch, which has released the company's power and intelligence.
The company is Guangzhou Auto-Industries Group Ltd., the latest technology in the direction of Manchuria, including the power cell strategy neutron star strategy, sponge silicon negative polar cell batteries, China Mechanical Industries Group, Guangzhou Steel.
Technology, super-fast charge battery technology, adigo 4.0 smart drive of interconnected ecosystems. The assessment is as follows:
The main operations include motor vehicles, commercial cars, motor vehicles, electric motors, intelligent core technologies issued by the Broad Gas Group as a manifestation of strong R & D power: BW 2020, R & D of car parts and components, manufacture, sale and post-sale
Group R & D investment (capitalization + costing) totalled $5.125 billion, up from $5.04 billion in 2019, and services, as well as import and export trade in automobile-related products. By the end of 2020, autonomous R & D investment had accumulated over $30 billion, in place of R & D input regulations for autonomous automobile companies.
Leases, used cars, logistics, dismantling, resource regeneration, car credits, finance leases, business factoring, insurance, and insurance models. High R & D inputs support the growth of a wide and autonomous panel.
The core of vehicles and new energy vehicles are technically industry leaders, such as the already produced new gpma model block structure, wave power systems, efficient fuel engines and hybrid motors, second generation pure, major issues for the next 3-6 months:
The power cell strategy, fast-loading technology, and a new generation of smart systems are the core technologies that should be developed in the future by wide-voltage groups in power and intelligence leading to "unincorporated debt and cross-share presentations":
The power cell area is better configured and has the power to develop electric cars. The new technology in the power cell area is falling down, and in March 2021, the box battery system security technology was released.
52 weeks of systematic technology for the safety of power cells in the stock price range. On this Science and Technology Day, the wide-voltage group issues the power cell strategy - neutron, star strategy - to develop autonomous and industrial applications for power cells and cores in depth.
There will be a slight improvement in the performance of electric cars in the range and charge (in millions of shares) of the total equity/transmittage unit, through sponge silicon subpolar batteries and super-fast charge technology, to enhance the security of the battery system through case battery system technology.
This has led to a significant reduction in the current “three great mountains” that are impeding the spread of electric vehicles on a large scale – anxiety over the continuation of the ship, poor charging, b/h (millions of shares) and security anxiety. We believe that the development of technology ownership and technology brands by the wide-blown conglomerate has been greatly reduced.
It will give them more initiative in the development of electric cars, and the marketing of brand names such as boxing systems, neutron star strategies, etc., will take a deeper grip on the consumer’s mind and move away from suppliers such as the power core. Adigo 4.0 is released to drive an interconnected ecosystem, and a class 1-4 smart driver is built with China: smartness.
It's the ultimate direction of electric cars, and it's the key to changing the pattern of profit in the automobile industry. Wide-bond groups develop two models, from primary research and development to a “friendship circle.” Wide-bond mind-diggo brand has evolved to version 4.0. Smart pods include the launch of a new generation of smart operating systems, g-os.
With regard to autopilot systems, the newly upgraded pilot pilot support system (nda) has been issued, with 31 intelligent sensor systems, which support one-way cruises, auto-transmissions, auto-drives, and auto-drives in highways and tunnels.
At the same time, Hiroshima announced that it would work with China to develop a class-I4 auto-drive vehicle, with production scheduled for 2024.
Research assistant: Jang Chi Yung, the source of financial prosperity in the East, the Broad Gas Group (601238): electric power, intelligent leading technology landing, strong R & D effect.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the report of East Hing Securities.
Volkswagen Group (601238): Electric, intelligent, leading technology is on the ground and strong research and development is evident in the results of the M.A. in management at Li Jinjin Nankai University, with many years of experience in automobile and spare parts research, and has been employed in the National Information Centre, Long Wall Securities, in 2009 to date.
Research Assistant Introduction Bachelor of Arts, University of Xian Transport, University of Gangan, and Master of Finance, East Hing Securities, 2019, in Automotive Studies.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.