Soft group (601238): Combining board, solid, self-contained plate, going to the growth stage.
Events: In recent days, the company has published a quarterly report for 2021: the company has achieved a gross operating income of $16.02 billion, with the company being the Guangzhou Auto-Industries Group Ltd., the Van Dynasty Group, the China Mechanical Industries Group, the Guangzhou Steel Company.
As co-sponsors, such as the Iron Corporate Group Ltd., a large State-owned shareholding enterprise initiated, new products of new technologies are emerging, and the autonomous plate will begin to grow: the Broad Gas Group attaches great importance to autonomy.
The main operations include the upgrading of research and development capabilities in passenger vehicles, commercial vehicles, motorcycles, etc., and the continued high value of research and development inputs over the years, the effect of which will gradually be felt.
In April, the company ' s high-end mpv product m8 (guiding price services, and trade in automobile-related products for export and import, cars, $1798-2648,000) ordered vehicles to break down 8,000 vehicles, representing the current high-end mpv sales crown.
Leases, second-hand cars, logistics, dismantling, resource regeneration, car credits, finance leases, commercial factoring, insurance, and insurance.
At the end of 2021, the first wave of the Toyota double power mixer system will be officially launched.
The gmc hybrid system will also be launched as a result of an upgrade of the "till wave power" technology, which will facilitate the full-scale implementation of the two-voltage hybrid system on board.
Ann's pure electricity suvaiony is officially on the market, and since the scheduled sale on March 29, orders have continued to grow at an average rate of more than 400 per day (Gang Group Official Publicity).
We believe that corporate ownership is underpinned by higher R & D investment in the future, and that there is a rich stock of products and more competitiveness in new products. The profitability of corporate ownership is expected to improve substantially with new products.
The conglomerates operate well, and the Japanese joint venture is the company’s performance block. The beneficiaries are the solar economy, the concept of operation, the power of the new product, and the company’s main joint company, Hirotoyota and Hiroto Honda, will continue to operate smoothly.
Hanlanda, based on a high-end tnga-k platform, was launched at the opening of the Shanghai Car.
Reliability is a matter of excellence. Toyota benefits, for example, in the concept of the operation of a sophisticated manufacturing enterprise, adding up two fields to the release of new products and the release of productive capacity, and we believe that the joint venture blocks of the Broad Gas Group will continue to provide a steady and positive performance contribution.
Corporate profitability projections and investment ratings: we expect net corporate profits for 2021-2023 to be 90.8 per cent, research assistant: Jang Yi Yon, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
Broad Gas Group (601238): Conglomerate blocks are solid, autonomous plates are going to grow up, the source of Eastern wealth, the source of Eastern wealth, the source of Eastern wisdom.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that the conglomerates (601238) are solid, and the autonomous plates are going to grow up, Lee Jin-jin.
Master of Management, University of Nankai, with many years of experience in automobiles and spare parts research, has been employed since 2009 at the National Information Centre, Great Wall Securities, Profile of Research Assistant, Jang Yoon
A Bachelor of Arts from the University of Xi'an, Master of Finance from the University of Makantan, joined East Hing Securities in 2019 to conduct research in the automobile industry.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.