All new Hanlanda is on the market.
Events: In recent days, a new generation of Hanlanda (Hanranda 4th Generation) has been listed on the basis that the tnga-k company is the Guangzhou Auto-Industrial Group Ltd., the Van Dynasty Group, the China Mechanical Industries Group, the Guangzhou Steel Company.
Prices, upscaling, all-Handard sales are expected to continue to be hot: the main points of increase, compared to the co-sponsors of the third-generation Hlanda (in-sales) Iron Enterprises Group Ltd., are: 1) total mixing of power systems, with all of New Hlanda carrying Toyota.
Launched a large state-owned shareholding enterprise, ths hybrid system, with 2.5l engines and e-cvt mixers. 100 km of fuel consumption is reduced to the group. Major operations include passenger vehicles, commercial vehicles, motorcycles.
5.3l-5.8l/100km for the R & D, manufacture, sale and sale of car parts and components, and 8.2l-8.9l/100km for the third generation of Hanlanda.
A full-scale upgrade of the new Hanlanda vehicle size of 4965x1930x1750 (unit: mm, identical), axle lease, used vehicle, logistics, dismantling, resource regeneration, 2850mm gas range. The third generation Hanlanda has a dimensions of 4890x1925x1720 and an axle range of 2790mm.
Car credit, finance leasing, business factoring, insurance, and insurance) have been completely upgraded, with all of New Zealand's Hanlanda's combined systems, entertainment systems, headlights, air conditioning systems, and so on. We compare the different prices of two generations of Hanlanda's version with those of the same version.
In the context of the above-mentioned upgrade, the All-New Hlanda has raised the price of $19,000-29,000 over the same version of the old price, and in the next three-to-six months significant matters have come to the fore: having a higher value for money.
It is hoped that all new Hanlanda will consolidate its position in the center and center. Debt payments and cross-equity presentations: The introduction of new models, the release of new capacity, and the continuation of the toyota. 6 June 2021, Toyota.
On June 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, the Toyota poster was published with a wide variety of new mpvs, known as Sena. In terms of capacity, according to the Gas Group 2020 report, the Toyota Toyota has a capacity of 600,000 vehicles per year, with a utilization rate of 127.5% in 2020.
The project (phases I and II) will be launched in 2022, adding 400,000 new output, i.e., to 1 million vehicles per year by 2022, which will reduce the production pressure considerably. tnga, hybrid vehicle ratio increase, and the potential for greater profitability is expected: 2020, Toyota.
The Tnga family sells 545,000 vehicles, or 71.2%, and the Tnga model is expected to increase further as all new Hanlanda is on the market, leading to higher profitability. In 2020, the increase in the toyota and hybrid ratio is expected to increase the profitability of the toyota.
Corporate profitability projections and investment ratings: The investment returns of the consortium and the joint venture are the “barrel stones” of the profit of the company, while the investment gains are the main contributor. With the investment of the new product, the new capacity, and the growing domestic recognition of the Japanese brand, Hiroshima will continue to be the main source of the company's investment returns.
Research assistant: Zhang Xiaoyun, the source of financial prosperity in the East, Hiro Group (601238): All new Hanlanda is on the market, and Hiro is on the ups and downs.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the report of East Hing Securities.
Guangbo Group (601238): All-New Hanlanda is on the market, with Hiroshima Toyota steadily moving up to Li Jinchang Nankai University, with many years of experience in motor vehicle and spare parts research, and has been employed since 2009 in the National Information Centre, Long Wall Securities.
Research Assistant Introduction Bachelor of Arts, University of Xian Transport, University of Gangan, and Master of Finance, East Hing Securities, 2019, in Automotive Studies.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.