Business performance is robust, industry leads or growth policy opportunities Events: Sino-Sin securities published in 2023.
\triangleright \triangleright has contributed significantly to the growth of self-employed operations throughout the year, with fee-based operations and credit operations burdened by the downfall of the market.
\triangleright 1) Brokering, 2023, Net Revenue/Treatment Unit Tent
On the other hand, by the end of 2023, the number of clients of corporate wealth management had accumulated to 14.2 million; the size of hosting clients remained at RMB 10 trillion, an increase of 4 per cent over the same period; and the non-monetary municipal public fund-raising fund held RMB 190.2 billion in size, ranked first in the industry.)
We've got a big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big,
On November 3, the CSRC optimized the accounting standard for the securities company's wind control indicators, which is appropriate for Sindh Securities Inc.
On March 15th this year, the CSRC introduced the report " On cindasecuritiesco.ltd Strengthening the Supervision of Securities Companies and Public Funds to accelerate the construction of first-class investment banks and investment institutions " .
We expect the company to benefit from leverage and incremental regulatory policy guidelines that create a business lead and drive.
Specialized in finance, former Deputy General Manager of the Naval Capital Leasing Department, General Manager of the Yonghai Leasing Operations Department, formerly employed in the China-China Investment Portfolio and the Chinese Certificate. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in November 2019.
Served in the Tianfeng securities, joined the Sunda securities in August 2022 for research in the non-banking financial sector. Zhang Kaijing, Master ' s degree in economics, Wuhan University, Master ' s degree in actuarial sciences, Boston University, four years of experience in the actuarials industry, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022 for research in the non-banking financial sector.
Liao Chiu, Master of Arts, Master of the National University of Singapore, Bachelor of Arts, Zhejiang University, and a pilot course in financial science.
In November 2022, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which conducts banking research. Part of it is not, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference in investment decisions for this category of clients. Both parties have strict agreement on rights and responsibilities. The present report is only available to the above-mentioned specific clients and is not intended for public publication.
The opinion and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report alone suggest that the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and that historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.