High stress resistance, the epidemic does not change performance growth Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) increased by 7.74 per cent and single-quarter non-mortality net profit by $759 million, an increase of 5.68 per cent.
It's still good under the epidemic, and the power of the eye chain can be seen.
Growth, strong business capacity, and performance growth have largely benefited from the company’s significant size and brand influence. Sub-products show a revenue of $3.438 billion, an increase of 20.85 per cent; cataracts, a decrease of $1.045 billion, a decline of 2.63 per cent; and current projects.
It is the company’s draught surgery that meets ordinary and high-end demand and increases in volume; it is fast growing, mainly due to the increased demand of young people and the abundance of visual products; and it continues to improve the core competitiveness of its products and the number of outpatient & surgical interventions is increasing simultaneously.
The company maintained its competitive advantage and continued to develop its services by introducing “intelligent flight second icl surgery” during the reporting period, combining flight second laser technology with icl crystal implants, continuously improving medical effectiveness, and maintaining a deep-deep icl field, leading the technogenic industry.
During the reporting period, the Department achieved 5,54.1 million outpatient visits, representing an increase of 15.67 per cent over the same period; surgeries increased by 15.67 per cent; medical studies developed in depth, contributing to the long-term stabilization of health; companies developed in depth and in strategic cooperation with Henan University in the direction of the integration of medical education.
In addition, the company has been active in making its voice heard on national and international ophthalmological services, during the reporting period.
The third “International Forum for Leather Surgery”, irss. 2022, continued to increase industry influence.
The company, the world's largest professional ophthalmology ring, now has medical networks in mainland China, Hong Kong, China, Europe, the United States, South-East Asia, etc., and has established a global development of 2.
The strategic pattern; the original hierarchical chain model and the accompanying business management system are ongoing in the industry. For the first time, the report is covered: "Step ahead, private eye dragons lead." We keep the "buy-in" rating. We expect 2022-
\checkmark Repeated risk of internal and external epidemics; offshore market expansion below expected risk; increased market competition; market investment and secondary market research experience.
Contact person: Chen Jiuji, Research Assistant, mainly responsible for research in the health-care sector. Master of Finance, University of Nankai, Boston College. Using information on legal compliance, the data and information used in this report are produced independently and objectively from the market, without any assurance of the accuracy or completeness of the information or of any change in the information and recommendations contained in the report.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.