El ophthalmology (300015.sz) -- mid-2022.
The epidemic has sustained growth, reflecting the resilience of the ophthalmological dragons. The first half of 2022 saw a recovery of 81.07, with multiple hospitals suspended from outpatient and surgical interventions due to the outbreak control phase, and other areas affected by the disease (s098052208001).
Over 115 ophthalmology centres and clinics have been deployed overseas, gradually forming a worldwide network of health services. This is mainly due to the higher contribution of kowtow and visual operations, the further increase in net interest rates to the increase in rights incentives and the increase in staff salaries and equipment maintenance costs.
In response to the rapid growth in the stress of the epidemic, Leanlight and Visual Services continued to introduce new technologies, and new products kept ahead of the curve. The 2022h1 draught project generated $3.438 billion (+21%), with a Māori rate of 57.7%, while the increase in hand skills was accompanied by a further increase in the share of high-end surgery, resulting in a good situation of high-value prices.
The division has also increased its investment in the construction of the primary hospital ' s Chrysotile Room. Cataract operations have been affected by both the epidemic and policy, with a 2.6% decline in income over the same period, and a Māori rate of 35.9% (-2.1pp), with significant development scope for cataract operations as regenerative cataracts have escalated to regenerative cataracts.
In the first half of the year, the company launched the "Sire Smart Flying Second icl" operation, which promotes the group's "first project" for icl-v5 crystallized surgery.
Three Quarterly El ophthalmology 300015-2021: Performance meets expectations, acquisitions more, introduction of “thinking” custom-made frame glasses and three focus artificial crystals, continuous upgrading of ophthalmology specialties.
Medical service capacity, technical leadership, personalized, full-cycle one-stop consultations. El ophthalmology - 300015-2020 - Quarterly Review: Deduction from Employment. El ophthalmology - 300015-2020 Quarterly Review: Super-expected performance, Eye Dragon.
Medical Big Data Inventory Series (3) - Eye Industry Chain: Services at the forefront, New Devices, Newly Founded, Abouts Foundation - 2020-11-23. Innovative Device Inventory Series (1) - Eye Industry Chain: Innovation Drivers, Services for the King.
The growth of performance is supported by an overstretched chain model. “Inherent + outreach” together supports performance growth. The branding influence continues to grow, with “second entrepreneurship” advancing steadily over the next decade, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
In the first half of 2022, a total of 8,107 million dollars was collected in the first quarter (+266 per cent) and a net profit of 681 million (+7.74 per cent) was realized, with net profit performance slightly exceeding expectations. In the first half of the year, there were repeated outbreaks in various parts of the country, and after entering the second quarter, there were a number of distributions.
Hospitals in Shanghai, Jilin, Sichuan, Beijing and other regions have been suspended from outpatient clinics and operations due to the prevention and control phase of the epidemic. Hospitals in other regions have also been affected to varying degrees by the limited flow of the disease.
187 hospitals in the Department, 132 clinics, 115 ophthalmology centres and clinics overseas, gradually becoming a worldwide network of health services. (+0.6 pp) This is mainly due to higher Maori and higher income from sight and sight operations, with a net interest rate of one.
Incentives have increased, and staff salaries, equipment maintenance, etc.. Financial costs have declined significantly, mainly as a result of the company’s continued and increased use of ophthalmology techniques and investment in digital transformation studies. Operating cash flows are healthy and of good quality. Net operating cash flows in the first half of 2022 amounted to 2.32 billion (+21.1 per cent).
The ratio of net operating cash flows to net return profits was 179 per cent, indicating that companies had high-quality and healthy cash flows. The 2022h1 book currency fund reached $4,373 million and, with the new steady increase in the ground, the company had sufficient cash reserves for hospital expansion and market expansion.
In response to the rapid growth in the stress of the epidemic, the Māori rate of cataract operations declined slightly. The Río project generated $3.438 billion (+20.85 per cent), with a Māori rate of 57.69 per cent, while the volume of draught surgery increased further, resulting in a positive increase in the ratio of surgery to primary hospitals.
Cataract operations are affected by both the epidemic and the policy, with a decline of 2.63 per cent in project income from the same date and a Māori rate of 35.88 per cent (-2.09 pp), and with the upgrading of the recognizable cataracts to revegetative cataracts, the cataract operations still have significant scope for development. The income from visual projects has increased by 15.67 per cent over the same period.
With the implementation of the country’s near-visit prevention and control strategy for young people and the continued improvement of company visual products, the branding influence of El Xia will further increase, contributing to the steady growth and quality of sightings. The company will further improve its research and research platform, and academic influence will continue to rise.
The University has formally entered into a strategic partnership for the construction of the “Henan University-affiliated El ophthalmology Hospital”, the “Ell ophthalmology College” of Henan University, and the “Ell ophthalmology Institute” of Henan University.
Two provincial innovation platforms, Chang Sha'il, were awarded a provincial science and technology outreach base in Hunan province in 2022. The Department also succeeded in hosting the 19th World Vision Congress in 2023. Companies continue to introduce new technologies, new products, and maintain their technological leadership in the industry.
Launching of the “Swisdom Flying Secondsicl” operation, which integrates flight-second laser technology with an icl crystal implantation operation; promotion of the “first project” of the icl-v5 Crystal Surgery Group, based on the pre-testing policy advantage of Tobor Jingle City; leading the development of the new technology for icl surgery: full introduction of the “upgrading” of the focal frame glasses - the “thinking” of the focus
At the same time, the company continues to promote youth close-vision prevention and control clinics, diabetic eye clinics, cataract clinics, high-visibility clinics and dry-eye clinics.
Prominent firms in the field are expanding rapidly through a hierarchical chain model, with “inherent-plus-extension” supporting performance growth. Net revenue gains are growing robustly, branding is growing, and there is a well-developed medical and research system and talent-building mechanism, and the new decade of “second-time entrepreneurship” has steadily advanced, maintaining its “buy-in” rating.
Schedule: Financial projections and valuation Authors' assurance that data used in reporting are from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author's professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party's approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; authors' past, present or future absence of studies on them