The epidemic is growing steadily, better than expected.
\triangleright kept the company growing robustly and performed better than expected. 22q1 and q2 earned $4.17 billion/3.94 billion, yoy + 18.7% and 2.7%, respectively, on a quarterly basis.
The epidemic has grown better than expected: this year, the epidemic has been repeated in many parts of the country, q2 has begun to spread more, \triangleright, Shanghai, Gilling, Shaanxi, Henan, Guangdong, Hubei, Sichuan, Shenzhen, Beijing, etc.
Controlling the suspension of consultations and surgery, but the demand for ophthalmology as a result of the easing of the epidemic in June and the isolation control was gathered in June in thousands of cases, yoy + 15.7 per cent, the number of surgeries in 4.45 million, yoy + 9.7 per cent.
On the one hand, there has been an increase in the proportion of people at the top and in the volume of money, on the other hand, the company has increased the number of basic units and promoted the implementation of the National Prevention and Control Strategy for Young People, and on the other hand, it is estimated that the number of online classes under the control of the epidemic is more than $1 billion, or 2.6 per cent, and is still largely affected by health insurance and the prevention of the current epidemic.
\triangleright \triangleright, mainly due to an increase of about $93 million in equity incentive costs over the same period last year, resulting in a ratio of management costs to the share of the liquid stock by institutional investors
The same-year increase of 1.6 percentage points, while the financial cost rate decreased by 1.1 per cent due to exchange rate changes, with the construction and expansion of key hospitals and the promotion of a new decade: the firm was approved in August for the expansion of Changsha, Shenyang, Shanghai, Nanning Hospital and Hubei, Anhui,
New projects in Guizhou. We believe that company expansion and construction will help companies to set up regional ophthalmology centres, expand coverage, raise regional technology ceilings, drive regional service delivery quality, build corporate future brand influence, service capacity, scientific capacity, etc.
Profit forecast: Considering that the company ' s q2 performance was better than expected and that last year ' s q3 season period was lower, this report was prepared by Chinaresearcheddept. The report was prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., the Investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the Investment Services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... were not ... personal clients.
All or part of the report is issued or printed for any purpose.