In the first half of 2022, performance was slightly higher than expected, and in the first half of 2022, Ere Ophthalmology (300015) event: in recent days, the company published its semi-annual 2022 report, and 2022h1 generated revenue of $8.107 billion.
Net profit of 1,382 million yuan, an increase of 12.65 per cent over the same year, net cash flow from operating activities of 2,316 million yuan, an increase of 21.1 per cent over the same year 759 million yuan, an increase of 5.68 per cent over the same year, and q2 performance growth, mainly due to: (1)
As a result of epidemic prevention and control, multiple hospitals have restricted or suspended access to health care; as the epidemic slowed down in June, and eye demand was released, companies were able to integrate through online and offline interactions, which enabled them to recover their performance; and (2) as brand influence continued to increase, the company market occupancy rate continued to rise.
In the first half of 2022, the company kryptonite project achieved revenue of $3.438 billion, an increase of 20.85 per cent in the same year, and the volume of kryptonite surgery increased by a higher proportion in the high end; and the optics project achieved revenue of $1,763 million, an increase in the same amount.
Changes in health-care settlements policy and the impact of disease prevention and control; current projects generated revenues of $680 million, or 4.2 per cent, compared to the previous period, mainly due to the impact of the epidemic; back-of-the-view operations generated revenues of $520 million, with a strong growth in domestic life, compared to the top 10 hospitals.
The net return profit is about 16 million yuan, or 1.24 per cent.
At 9.7 per cent, 15.08 per cent, -0.02 per cent, equal change of 0.15 pct, 1.59 pct,
The unique hierarchical chain model drives business expansion. The company’s original hierarchical chain model is consistent with the Chinese context, and it drives the firm’s rapid development. The company is already in technology, services, brands, size, etc.
On 30 June of the year, there were 187 hospitals in the company, 13 in the first half of the year, 132 in outpatient clinics, 14 in the first half, and 115 ophthalmological centres and clinics overseas.
\triangleright Market Demand for Eye Diseases continues to grow, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. Risk factors: medical risk, human resources risk, goodwill risk, new coronary pneumonia epidemic
\triangleright, \triangleright, team member, Master of Pharmacology, Shanghai University of Transport University, worked in clinical coro in ppcca and paraexel, 2021, joined the Sinda Portfolio, in charge of cxo industry studies.
General Nguyen, team member, Master of Economics, University of South China, two years of experience in securities practice.
In April, he joined the Sinda Portfolio, which is responsible for research on medical equipment and the Chinese medicine plate industry. Zhao Shuang, a member of the team, a bachelor's degree in biotechnology from Shanghai Transport University, and a master's degree in information management from Carnegie Mellon University. Two years of experience in the securities industry. In 2022, he joined the Sinda Portfolio, which is responsible for research on medical equipment, medical equipment, ai medicine, digital medicine, etc.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.