El ophthalmology (300015) The epidemic has been a constant setback to the growth in performance, and the industry has continued to drive public opinion on 24 August 2022.
During the reporting period, companies achieved operating revenues of $568,2.523 million in medical services, an increase of 11.27 per cent over the same period; the Māori rate was 49.07 per cent, an increase of 0.35 percentage points over the same period last year.
Both the draught projects in the company’s health-care operations and the sightings show a strong upward trend, providing strong support for the growth of company performance. The first half of the year was a recurrent epidemic, containing the second quarter’s performance.
On a quarterly basis, the company achieved business income of $393,875.64 million in the second quarter, an increase of 2.66 per cent in the same year; net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies, 68,0671,400 yuan, an increase of 7.74 per cent in the same year.
The effects of the urban hospital restrictions, the suspension of consultations, and so forth have curbed the trend towards rapid growth in corporate performance. We maintain the judgement that the 2021 epidemic has had a greater impact on the company, although the epidemic has contained the industry in the short term.
Cost, but long-term demand and climate remain, and as the epidemic is controlled and nucleic acid testing is regularized in the country, the business of the Department is expected to resume gradually, with a long-term demand and a high climate in the ophthalmology market, and the company ' s future performance is expected to recover at a higher level.
On 4 August, the company issued a public announcement that it had approved the proposed increase. The company intends to raise 3,536 million yuan in equity to be used for the expansion of four health institutions, including Chang Sha ' ail, and the lake.
Three health facilities, like Northern Ireland, have been built and re-financed.
There were 21.18 million consultations, 18.4 million surgeries, and subsequent market demand remained high, with 46,000 square metres of building space expanded to reach 71.18 million visits. The company’s internal growth has continued, expanding and building new health-care facilities have been accompanied by further upgrading of the company’s capacity.
As the growth of the company continues, the strategic layout of the company’s domestic hierarchy will be improved and its performance enhanced. The service industry’s leading companies continue to expand, and as the epidemic becomes manageable in the country, the company’s main companies will continue to grow.
China-China Securities Medicine Team: Over the years of sedimentation, a more sophisticated system of research and analysis has been put in place, with a wide range of coverage, unique insights, and features that are not relevant and will not be directly or indirectly related to specific recommendations or views in this report. This report does not address any attempt to send, or for the purpose of sending, publishing, receiving or using this report, to cause China-China Securities Limited and its associated companies to violate local laws or regulations or to cause China-based securities to be accepted.
The information, tools and materials contained in this report are only provided to you for reference purposes and are not intended as an invitation to sell, purchase or subscribe to securities or other financial instruments or as an invitation to others.