El ophthalmology (300015)
Events: The company published its semi-annual report in 2022, which achieved operating income of $8.11 billion in the first half of 2022, an increase of 10.3 per cent in the same year; net return profit of $1.290 billion, an increase of 15.7 per cent in the same year; rapid decline in net profit and income from visualization, with the company ' s profit rate continuously rising.
Business income of $3.44 billion, an increase of 20.9 per cent over the previous year, was 57.7 per cent, an increase of 0.1 per cent over the same period in the previous year; 17.6 per cent, an increase of 0.8 per cent over the same period in the previous year, and a rapid increase in income from the high Māori rate project, which led to a positive growth in corporate corporate corporate corporate strategic layout.
The company’s 1+8+n strategy is continuing, and it is expected to continue to increase the city’s presence. Moreover, as part of the El ophthalmology system, it is responsible for community health education, patient diversion, post-operative re-examination, etc.
The growth of offshore operations has been expected, and world-class ophthalmologists have grown for some time. 2022h1’s overseas operations have grown rapidly, with revenues rising to about 15%, and as of 30 June 2022, 115 eyes have been placed overseas.
At the same time, companies are promoting collaboration with offshore research platforms, integrating advanced medical technologies and management experiences, and building a vision for world-class ophthalmological centres to lead eye services, with a promise of sustained rapid growth in performance and a “buy-in” rating.
1. El ophthalmology (300015): Quality business models promoted and global ophthalmology giants re-launched (2022-05-26) No direct or indirect compensation will not be obtained as a result of, for example, the absence of, or the absence of, specific recommendations or views in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment consulting business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board and, to the extent that the company and the author know it, there are no laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.
The company or associated institution may hold securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report and carry out transactions, and may also provide or seek investment banking or financial consultancy services for these companies.
Information, opinions, and assumptions reflect only the company’s judgement as of the date of publication of this report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in this report can rise and the past performance should not be used as a basis for future performance. At different times, the company may issue reports that are inconsistent with the information, observations, and assumptions contained in this report, and it does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date. At the same time, the company may modify the information contained in this report without notice.
Change, and investors should follow the corresponding updates or modifications on their own.