Corporate review report  Banking net interest differentials continue to rise, asset quality is better than that of a colleague Ningpo Bank (002142.sz)
The company published its annual report for 2018. 1) Performance was good, and loan growth increased to boost performance.
The performance of Jang 1 has been good, and the increase in loan growth has contributed to the growth of performance. 2) Interest-bearing assets have grown in size and asset and liability structures have been optimized to boost net interest income
To benefit from the growth in the size of interest-bearing assets, the optimal structure of asset and liability, the net revenue from corporate interest increases to inform the preparation of this report. In 2018, the company achieved interest net revenue of $19.120 billion, an increase of $2,731 million over the same period.
At the end of 2018, the average balance of the company’s general loans continued to rise. 3. Banking cards, guarantee-type operations performed well, and intermediate business transformation continued. At the end of 2018, companies achieved net non-interest income of $9,810 million, an increase of 9.91 per cent, compared with 9.91 per cent.
Revenues from agency, commitment and hosting operations have declined. Companies have continued to deepen their consumption credit industry, credit card instalments and fees have increased rapidly, and bank card operations have increased by 15.72 per cent on a year-on-year basis. Companies have fully utilized the comparative advantages of international operations and financial market operations to promote international cooperation.
Revenues from insurance operations increased by 78.65 per cent over the year; due to new regulations governing the management of capital, corporate revenue from financial operations decreased, and agent business income decreased 11.87 per cent over the year.) Assets were of good quality and the rate of non-performing loans remained low.
There is no gap between these overdue loans. Companies’ non-performing loans are concentrated in manufacturing and commerce, amounting to 1,243 million yuan and 694 million yuan respectively, and account for the company’s non-performing loans, which further increase their resilience to risk losses.
In 2018, the company continued to promote the development of technology systems and the upgrading of business support capabilities; increased the development of electricity sub-channels and the upgrading of customer service experiences.
The practical application of new technologies, such as intelligence, biometrics, to promote innovation in the integration of finance and technology, without compromising the development of new business models and niche product services, further contributing to the sound and sustainable development of operations.
With the leading dual-live data centre architecture, system support capacity will be significantly enhanced, business continuity will be more secure, and the company’s business will continue to develop strongly. Corporate performance will go beyond $10 billion, and business quality will improve.
Debt structure optimizes interest net income growth. Assets are of better quality than peers, and non-performing lending rates remain low in the market. Together with corporate fundamentals and equity elasticity, we give a “recommended” rating, 2019-2020.