The Ningpo Bank continues to expand its interest-rate margin, maintain its profitability, maintain its profitability, increase its performance, and maintain its roe level at the top of the industry.
We believe that this is an important factor in the company’s valuation of the premium on the industry’s central level. Keeping up the rating increases.
The net interest income of Ningbo Bank increased by 16.7 per cent over the year, compared with the previous three quarters, and the main improvement is the increase in interest income. The increase in net interest income led to a higher rate of revenue growth.
The negative impact of the year’s revenue from fees compared to the company’s revenue from fees. The difference in dividends has improved significantly, and the asset allocation has been optimized.
Ningpo Bank has a year-round net interest gap of 1.97% (1.90% in the first three quarters of vs.) and we believe that the spread is due to an increase in asset end-to-end rate of return. The firm’s asset structure is tilted towards higher yield credit (6.34%, qoq).
The target assets, the adjustment of the configuration strategy to promote higher returns on the corporate investment end, the year-round returns maintained excellent asset quality from the first half of the year, and the level of the provision was ahead of that of the partner bank Ningpo Bank, which was over 90 days late at the end of the quarter, with 82 per cent of loans/deficit loans, up from the end of the six months (74 per cent).
However, the negative rating is overall strict; the interest-type loan ratio is a slight decrease of 1 bp over the 3rd quarter. We measure the annual negative rate of production of the company ' s 4th quarter write-off plus write-off at about 0.82 per cent, and the same ring is an increase of 32 bp/51bp, which I used as a standard on March 29th, 2019.
They believe that they have been affected by the downward pressure on the economy and the increased write-off at the end of the season, but in absolute terms they are at a low level. The company’s provision coverage at the end of the quarter rose further to 522%, leading their colleagues.
The downside of the economy has led to an over-expected deterioration in asset quality and a further escalation of trade friction between China and the United States.
The net interest income of Ningbo Bank increased by 16.7 per cent over the year and 10.4 percentage points over the previous three quarters, mainly as a result of interest differentials.
The increase in net interest income led to a further increase in revenue between 16bp and 14.3 per cent over the previous three quarters, with net profits equal to billions of dollars for the year, with loans impaired by $3.9 billion and the balance of the provision increased by 21.1 per cent over the same period. In addition to loans, the company further increased the negative impact of other non-lending asset allocation revenues.
The difference in interest rates has improved significantly, with asset allocation optimized. Ningpo Bank has had a year-round net interest gap of 1.97 per cent (1.90 per cent in the first three quarters of vs.) and there has been a marked improvement in interest differentials, and we believe that corporate interest differentials are mainly due to an increase in asset end-to-end rates of return. Corporate asset allocation continues to be optimized and structured upwards to higher yield credit (6.34 per cent, qoq)
In terms of credit structure, individual loans (8.71 per cent, qoq) were invested positively, and the rapid increase in consumer loans increased their share of total loans further to the end of the six-month period (25.8 per cent) (26.8 per cent). In addition, corporate portfolio investments increased credit debts, abs and non-valued assets, and the adjustment strategy promoted higher returns from the corporate investment end, up from 4.52 per cent in the first half of the year.
(a) The quality of the assets remained excellent, with the level of provision leading to the partner industry 82 per cent of loans/unperforming at the end of the fourth quarter by Ningpo Bank, up from half-yearly (74 per cent) but generally strict;
With an increase of 32bp/51bp in the same ring ratio, we believe that the impact of the downward pressure on the economy and the increased write-off at the end of the season has been felt, but the firm’s negative production absolute value is low in the industry and its assets are of excellent quality. The company’s level of provision is much higher than the industry’s average, and the level of coverage at the end of the four seasons has further increased to 522%.
The high profitability of Ningbo banks, the rate of growth in performance and the roe level are at the forefront of the industry, asset quality performance is at a better level of industry, and companies are well placed to provide high-risk resilience, which we consider to be an important factor in the premium premium on company valuations compared to the industry hub level /7.14 times, with a net market rate of 1.46 times/1.25 times, maintaining an incremental rating.
As a pro-cyclical sector, banks are more relevant to economic development. Macro-economic development affects the performance of the real economy as well as the profitability of the economy, thus affecting the performance of the banking sector’s assets. If the economy is expected to go below expectations, there is a risk of deterioration in the quality of the banking sector’s assets, thus affecting the profitability of the banking sector.
Economic uncertainty, followed by much attention to the dynamics of the economy.2 Trade friction between China and the United States has further escalated. Trade friction between China and the United States has moved in the direction of uncertainty, further increasing investors’ pre-emergence towards the domestic economy.