Ningpo Bank, which is expected to improve its handling costs, which will lead to a rapid increase in revenue collection, a high level of credit performance, a high level of profitability, a high rate of performance, and a high level of roe, which is still in the forefront of the industry.
We believe that this is an important factor in the company’s valuation of the premium on the industry’s central level. Keeping the rating up.
The higher-than-expected improvement in processing fees led to a rapid increase in revenue collection, savings performance and a 20.1 per cent increase in net profit in the first quarter of Ningpo Bank, which is largely in line with our expectations, with a 23.4 per cent increase in the year-on-year increase in the first quarter, influenced by the lower base in 2018 and net interest income in the first quarter.
The business performance of the main battalion rose to 25% at the rate of profit before the provision was made, with a strong margin of interest, which remained stable, and a significant margin of 16.7% for the Ningpo bank, which increased the first quarter of the year.
1.98 per cent (rewinding effect) and overall stability (1.97 per cent in vs 2018). We believe that in the context of downward pressure on asset-end pricing, the advantage of deposits is to maintain a steady weight of interest differentials.
Ningpo Bank had a negative loan rate of 0.78 per cent at the end of season 1, with interest-type loans rising from 9bp to 0.64 per cent at the end of 2018, but non-performing + concern-group loans remained low on average.
The company’s program of upgrading has been fine-tuned, and Yagor, the major shareholder, has withdrawn from the program. According to the major shareholder announcement, the main reason is that its own equity investment is over-represented in net assets, which goes beyond the regulatory requirements for bank shareholders to participate in the replenishment.
Given Ningpo Bank’s superior profitability and robust fundamentals, the involvement of institutional investors is more attractive, and refinancing is not affected by the withdrawal of major shareholders.
The main risk to the rating of the Sino-Soldier International Securities Company, Inc.:
Question: Ningpo Bank published the 19th Quarterly report, with a 20.1 per cent increase in net profits in the first quarter of 2019 over the same period, with a total assets of 1.16 trillion yuan at the end of the 1st quarter (+8.64 per cent, yoy/+3.99 per cent, qoq), of which loans + 24.02 per cent yoy/+4.13 per cent qoq; deposits + 19.2 per cent yoy/+16.7 per cent qoq.
The higher-than-expected improvement in fees led to a rapid increase in revenue, and the faster performance of the industry’s leading industry, Ningpo Bank, whose net profits increased by 20.1% in the first quarter of the year, largely in line with our expectations, with a further 0.2 percentage points higher than in the whole of 2018. Of this, the higher-than-expected increase in fees and revenues for the first quarter was reversed from 2018 to 17.4%.
23.4 per cent, expected mainly as a result of the rapid increase in bank card income and the easing of the pressure to manage the adjustment of operations. Under the impact of the low base for the same period in 2018, net interest income increased by 1.3 percentage points to 18.0 per cent for the first quarter over the same period compared with the increase in 2018, which is more pronounced if the net effect of reversible 19 on investment returns is higher.
The margin for deposits is clear, the difference is stable, the margin for Ningpo Bank deposits is clear, with a 19.2 per cent 16.7 per cent increase in deposits for the first quarter and the rate of increase in deposits is expected to be in the forefront of the industry. The ratio of cost to the end of the debt is 7bp below for the first quarter. The difference in interest for the company is 1.75 per cent for the first quarter, and if the changeover affects the rate for the first quarter, the difference is 1.75 per cent for the first quarter.
Against this background, the advantage of deposits is an important contribution to maintaining a relatively stable interest margin for companies. The asset ring increased by 3.99% in the first quarter, the credit ring increased by 4.13%, and the asset end structure was relatively stable. In terms of credit structure, the public loan ring increased by 6.87% in the first quarter, the personal loan ring decreased.
Ningpo Bank had a negative loan rate of 0.78 per cent at the end of the quarter compared to the end of 2018, with an increase of 9bp to 0.64 per cent in interest-group lending compared to the end of 2018, but the negative + concern-group loan ratio remained low in the industry. We expect a flat rate of bad corporate growth in the quarter. The level of company provision is much higher than the industry average, with 521 per cent coverage at the end of the quarter, and the end of the quarter has been allocated in the case of large company transfers ($1.5 billion).
According to the company announcement, the company fine-tuned the intended increase, with no change in the size of the financing to more than 8 billion, but in the targeted increase match, the company's major shareholder, Yagor, withdrew from the targeted increase. According to the major shareholder announcement, the main reason was its own equity investment.
So, we believe that the adjustment of the Ningbo scheme has a limited impact on the company, given the superior profitability and robust fundamentals of Ningpo Bank, which are more attractive to institutional investors to engage in refinancing.
The impact of the withdrawal of major shareholders. The high profitability of Ningpo banks, the high rate of performance and the roe levels are at the forefront of the industry, asset quality performance is at a better level than that of the industry, and companies have a strong risk-resilient capacity, which we consider to be an important factor in the company’s valuation of the premium on the industry’s central level.
As a pro-cyclical sector, banks are more relevant to economic development. Macro-economic development affects the operation of the real economy and the profitability of the economy, thus affecting the performance of the banking sector’s asset quality. If the economy falls short of expectations, there is a risk of deterioration in the quality of the banking sector’s assets, thus affecting the profitability of the banking sector.
In the absence of uncertainty, follow-up still requires close attention to the dynamics of the economy.