China Group (002311). The beneficial industrial landscape, with a high performance rate of one quarter. The Agroforestry and Fishery Group issued a performance forecast for the first quarter of 2018, and the company expected to be part of the scheme.
Main financial indicators (in billions of yuan) High profile of aquaculture-beneficial industries: As fisheries have been depressed in previous years, there has been a dramatic rise since the beginning, with the price of herds once exceeding 15 yuan/kg, compared to the previous year.
Since March 2018, important waters such as the Yangtze basin, the Pearl River basin, the Huai River and the Guan River have entered a closed season, and as the warm weather is approaching, the supply of fresh water will remain tight and fish prices are expected to remain high.
Continued high prices will boost their willingness to move quickly, to some extent, to help companies sell higher Māori-based inflatables, leading to further optimization of their product structure.
• Pigs enter the release period, with “inner + outlier” at the same time: in September last year, the company completed its acquisition of the Big News Group, which has now developed an improved product system based on the use of high-quality pig materials for full-price, enrichment as the core product. The company and the Big News Group are in China, China, China, China, and China.
In addition, from an industry perspective, the supply of raw pigs is expected to increase gradually in the future, thus driving the demand for feed.
The cost advantage of the company’s feed business, the future company’s market share and sales are expected to increase further, leading to steady growth in the company’s operating income and profits.
Huen Yong: University of Hull, UK, Master of Business Management, main research and tracking area: Large Consumption Report, produced by Chinese securities, is used only by customers of Chinese securities. The company does not consider it a customer for receiving this report.
We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the information and views expressed in the report do not form the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, and the information, opinions and opinions do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining this report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to anyone.
An independent assessment shall be made, taking into account their respective investment objectives, financial position and specific needs, and consult with professional consultants, as necessary, on financial, legal, commercial, tax, etc.