The Big China Group (002311), which published its 2017 annual report, realized business income of $32,557 million for the year 2017, an increase of 19.76 per cent over the year; it was attributed to the parent company.
The net profit was $1,207 million, an increase of 41.06% in the same year; the diluted eps.78, an increase of 41.82% in the same year, matched expectations. At the same time, the company announced a two-phase plan for the core team’s workforce and a two-phase incentive plan for the Hena Bichuan workforce and investment plan.
\triangleright sales grew by 22.72% on a year-on-year basis, while high-end inflated sales grew by more than 40% on a year-on-year basis. Thanks to the boom in aquaculture prices and the constant restructuring of the company’s product structure, the company’s aquatic feed ratio rose by 4.1 percentage points overall, significantly increasing corporate profits.
For the company to focus its efforts in the coming years, it is moving into a fast-growing phase. With product strength and the company’s fine-tuning management, the annual sales of poultry have remained at a rate of 7.78% and the market share has increased further, despite the severe impact of h7n9. Moreover, the company’s strategic plates, as an important driving force, have also made significant progress in contributing to the company’s profits.
37.48% Māori has stabilized at a high of 50%; the agricultural marketing board has achieved revenues of $1,206 million, an increase of 33.34% over the same period; and the pig farming plate, a total of 460,000 in 17 years, an increase of 43% over the same period.
We expect the company's main feeder business to be maintained for 18 years. Aquatic material \triangleright \triangleright
On the other hand, high-end inflated material penetration is expected to increase further in the face of environmental constraints, the area of farming supports the high price of fish, and the company’s model of marketing and fine management of services in conjunction with seedlings is expected to promote a 20% or more increase in sales of aquatic materials, while continuing structural excellence will lead to continued high profits.
The dual model of high value for money for services and medium-sized pig matter, which has taken over the market during the period of post-cycle incrementalization, is expected to maintain a 60% increase in the same volume in 18 years, amounting to 260-2.7 million tons. Eighteen years of avian chain re-emerged, which is much better than last year, environmental protection has reduced the marginal impact on chicken ducks, and companies are expected to raise the market with high value than products.
This time, the company also released a two-phase plan for the core team’s shareholding plan and Heiner \triangleright.
In the case of both the "Students Together" and the "Incentives for Equity and Investment" schemes, employees can make up up up to 25% of the funding for new projects, and by sharing company growth with their employees, they bind core employee interests to safeguard the growth of corporate performance, and provide a new source of funding for companies, highlighting their strong confidence in future development.
♪ Triangleright ♪ ♪ The source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wisdom ♪
The Chinese Stock Exchange Award 2012 is the top ten prize (seventh place).
Xing Poetry Month, University of Maryland, USA, Master of Finance, in 2017, joined the East Hing Portfolio for research in the agro-forestry and fisheries industry.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information, nor of the information and advice it contains.
Any changes. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only. The information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make available securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies.