"The three great treasures, the feeder's business, never old, 24-04-04-04: The recent news from the Big Japan Sea Group of 2017, the company's operating income was $32,557 million, an increase of 19.76 per cent over the same period, attributable to shareholders in listed companies.
The net profit of the Great Sea Group (002311.sz) was $1,207 million, an increase of 41.06 per cent over the same period, and the net profit on the realization of deductions to the mother was $1,163 million, an increase of 42.43 per cent over the same period. The share per share in the share was 0.78 per share.
The increase was 22.43%, from 79.73% in the previous year to 81.50% in the previous year, and the increase in the Māori rate was 1.86 percentage points in the same period. The increase in the feed business was due mainly to better performance of the higher aquariums and pigs. Specifically, in 2017, the aquaculture industry had a higher profile, with a similar increase of 22.72% in corporate Aquaculture, a significant increase of 4.1 percentage points in Māori, a total annual increase of over 40% in the sale of high-end in sub-products, and a similar increase in Māori.
4.5 percentage points; declining cycle in 2017 in the pig farming industry, but benefiting from an increase in the share of farm-scale farmers in the farm-raising industry, with a 31.94 per cent increase in sales of pig stock on the same scale; stable Māori ratio, with companies actively developing productive capacity in 2017 in new markets such as China, North West, North East and beyond; high speed in the company's pig-food business
Growth period: In 2017, the poultry industry as a whole was less affected by the disease and cyclical fluctuations that affected the company ' s sales of poultry increased by 7.78% on a year-on-year basis, the Māori rate declined by a year-on-year, and the company’s poultry growth is expected to accelerate as the landscape of the chain rises.
The new performance growth points are complemented by the fact that corporate products now cover upstream feed, seedlings, and kinetic products, as well as downstream farming products. Upstream seedlings and kinetic products are laid out mainly to better serve the feed exhibition industry through the provision of a package of products. The downstream extension of the farming industry is mainly designed to facilitate the steady advancement of farming technical services in feed operations through an in-depth understanding of pig-breeding.
Headlines, while the core competitiveness of the feeder industry is largely based on the “three pillars” of a comprehensive service, its two-rich products, and its three-quality products. In order to continue to make a good profit, performance has steadily improved. 2017.8 Understanding the importance of the “three pillars” requires attention to downstream farming, the current supply pattern of aquaculture is stable, and livestock farming is subject to environmental policies and weeks.
The counter-effects of Breaking Adversities, Flying Expedition 2017.4 led to faster industrial scalding, intensification and factoryization, with larger households pursuing higher-value-added feed products relative to the decentralized households, thus making it clear that feed processing enterprises that could provide a package of farm raw materials, including dynamic insurance, seedlings, feed, and farming technical services
In the area of services, the company, which is a senior-level industrial farm service, was pioneered in 2006 to offer farming services and to locate service providers, providing support for products and technical services on a full-scale basis, such as “Spring - Estimation Model - Environmental Control - Disease Control - Feeding - Epidemic Control - Epidemic Information”; in the area of product abundance, the company's product allocation has reached a relatively rich and complete state, covering essentially the whole process of farming from feed, functional feed, seedling, medicines, vaccines, biological products, etc.
In terms of product quality, the formulation research and development and raw material procurement capabilities are prominent, providing high value feed products. We believe that the company has been able to provide “three cindasecuritiesco.ltd” through “three cindsecuritiesco.
The Big Paw has built a strong core competitiveness in feed business, and we're looking forward to the continued growth of the company's feed business, especially pigs.
The company recently released a draft two-year plan for the core team’s workforce, which includes directors of the company and self-financing of $50 million, for a total of up to $8,851.5 million. The implementation of the equity plan is conducive to the creation and improvement of mechanisms for sharing the interests of workers and owners, improving corporate governance, enhancing workers’ cohesion and competitiveness, and promoting long-term, sustained and healthy company development.
\triangleright \triangleright \triangleright and hog price opportunities correctly judge the situation in the country’s dairy industry.
Liu Joo, Assistant in Agricultural Research. Master of Financial Sciences, University of Foreign Economics and Trade, Bachelor of Arts in Animal Sciences, University of Agriculture, China, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2017 for agricultural research. Sinda Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindard Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy, which the CSRC has approved. This report is produced and published by the Sindha Securities Commission. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sindha securities, which provides support and reference in investment decisions for this category of customers, with strict mutual agreement on rights and obligations.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of securities or investment objects should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. At different times, or through the use of different assumptions and criteria, different perspectives and analytical methods have led to the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which special notice may not be given.