Annual Report: Merit and Merit, with a clear combination of advantages
Events: Companies recently published their annual 2017 report, during which they achieved 325.57 turnover in core major industries and continued optimization of product structure. For the reporting period, company feed sales were 11.6% Māori, an increase of 1.9 percentage points from the previous year.
In 2017, the company’s product strategy was well-positioned, and the product’s effects were more evident in the size of the farmer. At the same time, the company’s production was more visible.
Active marketing in new markets such as China, North-West, North-East and Overseas, coupled with the acquisition of the Shandong Tung Xin, which enhances the advantages of high Maori foreomers, and the fast-growing period for pork operations; 2, Total equity/flow (millions of shares)
Aquaculture sales grew by 22.72% on a year-on-year basis, and the Māori rate increased significantly.
High 12-month peak/minimum ($) was strong, with high-end inflation sales increasing by more than 40 per cent and the Māori rate increasing by 4.5 percentage points. As a result of the increase in the share of high-māori products and functional feed, the overall Aquatic Feeding Ratio during the reporting period
Large Group (002311), " Sea Group: output increased by 4.1 percentage points and profitability significantly increased; 3, poultry sales increased by one percentage, and industry ' s profile advantages were highlighted, prompting rapid growth in performance
It is 7.78% long, and despite the pressure on the Maori rate, there is room for development. In 2017, under the influence of low poultry farming, the poultry market as a whole is under pressure. Companies rely on their product advantages to maintain a steady increase in poultry.
In 18-19, with the revival of poultry, egg and poultry farming, (002311), the feeder industry moved fast, and the campaign became an important profit growth point for the company. In 2017, the campaign was realized.
The Big Sea Group (002311), The Big Sea Group Performance Update and Recent Bulletins: One Wing... a percentage point. Aquatic dynamic markets driven by rising consumption and high-end aquaculture markets
The company will continue to develop animal-motivated products, green and environmentally friendly microchemical agents, etc., which will become more competitive, and the dynamic insurance business will become a firm advance in the company’s agricultural business. In 2017, the company achieved 12.06 per cent revenue from the sale of its agricultural products.
Millions of dollars, an increase of 33.34% over the same period. Of these, 460,000 pigs were born, an increase of 43% over the same year; water seedlings performed well in quality and incomes grew steadily. Due to the larger changes in the pig market, companies adjusted their strategies in time to speed up land distribution in South China, Central China, South West, and so on.
To date, the company’s plan for producing pigs has been set up in parallel with its basic performance, with good results. The company’s seedlings have been well marketed in the main farms of China’s eastern, north and south China.
A profit forecast and rating. The company is the lead company in the country’s first feed team, and it competes well.
As the industry chain extension strategy progresses rapidly, the company’s product allocation will be more abundant, product-complexing and continuous optimization of the quality of integrated services, and a combined competitive advantage will be a more risk factor. Forage sales will not grow as expected, and pig farming will not expand as expected.
Profit projections and financial indicators: Annual Report: Merit gains, combined advantages Annual Report: Merit gains, combined advantages
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report