Quarterly Review of the Oceanic Group (002311), Summary Report/Agriculture, Livestock and Fisheries Industry
On 26 April, the company published a quarterly report for 2018, which generated revenue of $7.26 billion, an increase of 32.82 per cent in the same season and a net profit of $101 million for the mother, an increase of 73.92 per cent in the same year. At the same time, the company announced an accelerated increase in revenue in the first half of 2018, with cost controls increasing profit elasticities.
\triangleright ' s income and profits for the first time in the quarter since it was marketed have increased in parallel with the rounding, with the median revenue growing by 32.82 per cent, the ring increasing by 19.9 per cent and the net profit for the mother increasing by 73.9 per cent and the ring increasing by a year.
In spite of the large confidence factors in Shandong during the period, the size of the camp was not significant at the end of the income end: the high rate of growth in aquatic materials continued in the first quarter of 18 years and the share of high-end inflated materials continued to rise; the unit was in comparison with the trend of 300 deep.
Avian products have benefited from a year-on-year increase in the avian chain climate brought about by 18 years of stifling of ancestral chickens. For 18 years, company feed sales are expected to reach 10.5 million tons, an increase of 24 per cent over the same year.
At a flat rate, the same rate has fallen by 0.34 pct, with sales rates, management rates having been properly controlled due to the cost increase down by 0.14 pct and 0.22 pct, respectively, which is the main factor in the growth in corporate profits that is significantly higher than the recovery rate, and the trade war may boost the cost of raw materials, and the dominant firms are expected to accelerate their share of the harvest market.
\triangleright The potential trade war between Central America and the United States will boost soybean prices, soybean price increases will be passed through soybeans to feed, breeder industries, feed businesses of all types may bear 2-5% of the cost upward pressure, and farming operations will take over.
High-cost pressure of up to 3%. China is a domestic feed leader, with a large reserve of raw materials and a rich raw material cost hedging experience, which is expected to accelerate the market in the face of widespread cost fluctuations in the industry.
The company has a research and development team of more than a thousand people, and the cost of research and development has remained at over 200 million, and has now evolved from a single feed business to a comprehensive “service-plus” manufacturer combining breeding, dynamic conservation, farming techniques, farming models.
Forty-three per cent of the growth. The company’s all-encompassing farming chain, based on its dominant feed business, is expected to achieve a client’s reduction in costs and a large-scale win-win result for the company.
The company is a strong and growing feed leader and is building a vertical integration of the “services + products” chain of farming industries.
3. The Third Quarterly Report Review of the Sea Group: Growth and Steady Performance Summary of corporate financial statement data projections
Wang Ling, Research Assistant in Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries, and Master of Accounting at the Central University of Finance and Economics. Five years of experience in large asset management companies, joined in 2017.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,