China Group (002311) performance forecast. China Group, China Group, March 30th, 2018 Quarterly performance forecast.
We believe that the high growth in the company’s performance in the first quarter is largely due to the increased demand for water inputs due to the boom in the prices of water products, which has led to a low-season market for the company’s water products. The control of raw materials costs and the continued optimization of the product structure are further enhanced.
Companies are expected to grow by more than 20% on a year-on-year basis in the first quarter of the year, with high-end materials growing by more than 30%. The Yellow River introduced the first-ever watershed sex-fishing regime since April this year, which has led to an increase in the demand for higher levels of production and consumption.
Environmentally clean production, tight supply, and fish prices are expected to continue through the year. The company is expected to sell 3 million tons of water in 18 years, growing into a aquaculture collar.
Intra- and extraneous double-wheel drive, the amount of pig-powder is increasing. Corporate pig-powder is a key development block in 2018, with a significant increase in sales in one quarter.
From a biological perspective, the company’s pre-positioned new projects in China, China, East and North China have progressed,1 and the Big China Group (002311), which has made a quick assessment of its performance: sales have been smooth and self-generated. In terms of outreach, the large summation has led to an increase in sales.
A steady growth in volume performance, 18 sustained high growth periods, and higher profits. Consider the Grand Book, which shows a projected increase in sales of the company's pig-pumps in the first quarter of the year.
As a feed industry for the post-farm cycle, it is 18 years of industry growth. The company is expected to achieve the rapid release and market share of pigs through excellent raw material procurement and cost containment capabilities.
Aquaculture sales boom, with a significant increase in performance. One quarter is a low season for traditional aquatic sales, accounting for 4-5 percentage points of the year’s performance contribution. We believe that, with the season of aquaculture boom, corporate sales and performance will be released.
Even more so. The firm's strong start in the first quarter of 18 years has set the stage for a year-long growth in performance.
A good basis. It also confirms the development logic of a large expansion in the volume and volume of water. At the same time, we believe that the company’s power to procure raw materials and its ability to control costs increases in the cost of raw materials, that there is a significant advantage in the period of the lower pig price cycle, that the city’s share is constantly rising, and that the company will be a source of financial prosperity in the East for the long term.
East's financial and intellectual source, the Sea Group (002311): 18 strong start, year-on-year growth, Jung Yong-seok steel.
The Chinese Stock Exchange Award 2012 is a top ten prize (seventh place).
A Master of Finance, University of Maryland, United States, joined East Hing Securities in 2017 for research in the agro-forestry and fisheries industry.
Our company makes no guarantee of the accuracy and completeness of this information, nor of any change in the information and proposals contained therein. We have tried to report on the objectivity and impartiality of the content, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.
Transactions, which may also provide or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants or financial products to these companies, etc.