Tupou Group (601689.sh): The performance in 2024 is expected to increase by the same amount and the strategic impact of the platform is significant
On 20 January, the company issued an advance announcement on its annual performance for 2024. The company expects the 2024 platform strategy to move forward and the multi-operational enabler performance to increase.
The company’s automobile operations now cover the nvh decomposition system, the interior and interior adornment system, light weight quantification, smart cabin parts, heat management system, chassis, practice number: s15005241004.
Systems, air hangar systems, smart driving systems, eight major business plates, and one-car packages are constantly increasing. Automobile electronics were rapidly upgraded in 2024, resulting in a significant increase of 906%. The closed air hangar system of the Department of Public Information rapidly climbed the slope, delivering more than 240,000 units in 2024, and the city continued to have a high share.
Quick upgrades; other electronic appliance models are increasing and orders are being placed simultaneously. The company’s power-driven system has officially come into production and started to deliver products, creating a model for the development of smart cars and power-driven dual-sector industries. The production profile has continued to improve and the internationalization strategy has accelerated further. As of the third quarter of 2024, the company’s report was published in the public domain.
The construction of the Hangzhou Bay Industrial Park has been completed in eight stages and is in the process of being installed in nine stages. The plants in An Xiaonan and Zhejiang Lake have been put into operation, while the construction of factories in Xian, Jinan and Henan is continuing.
The first plant and the second phase of the project have been put into production, and another plant has been installed and installed for commissioning. The Austen and Oakland plants in the United States are moving steadily.
The company signed an investment agreement with the Ningpo Economic Technology Development Area Board for the Robotic Powered System Development Project. The company plans to invest 5 billion yuan in 300 acres of planned land and to build a base for the production of core robotic components in the Ningpo Economic Technology Development Area.
In robot-related areas, companies will take full advantage of the depths accumulated in smart electric car lanes, hair, precision, efficiency and synergy to achieve smart power from the power-driven system to catch hands.
Mobilization of auto business to robotic business. Profit forecasting: platforming strategy continues and robotic business is expected to open up the space for growth.
Itd Gold House No. 127, Wumen West Avenue, Beijing City West Side, b Risk factors: price fluctuations in raw materials, sales of new energy clients less than expected, new business expansion is not going to happen.
\triangleright does not have, does not have, or will not have direct or indirect relevance to, the specific analysis or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindard Securities”) has the CVM-resumed qualification for portfolio investment consulting.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference in investment decisions for this category of clients. Both parties have strict agreement on rights and responsibilities. The present report is only available to the above-mentioned specific clients and is not intended for public publication.
The opinion and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report alone suggest that the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and that historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.