“Car + Robotics” acquisition to expand market share: company disclosure announcement: intended to purchase 100 per cent of the shares of Lake Longseng Car Parts and Components Ltd. in cash up to RMB 330 million.
According to the announcement, the company is going to negotiate the purchase of the An Xiao Chi-Ri technology company with a cash of up to $330 million in cash.
The company’s main products are the main product hangars, carpets, caps/shading curtains, sound insulation, sound insulation/shock cushions, hoods, suitcase systems, chassis/engine panels, etc.
In the first three quarters of 2024, the amount of revenue exceeded $400 million. Platform-type tier 0.5 means the global engine. Client +: Strategic binding of Tesla and the new power of car construction into the global supply system.
In response to the changes in industry's electric intelligence, the company is active in working with the rivian, the rivian, the peng, the ideal, and so forth.
The international strategy is accelerating, working together with new drivers of head-carrying, such as Biadi, Gilly New Energy, and Cyrus, to explore the Tier 0.5 model of cooperation, which provides simultaneous development and supply services to clients on the whole product line. Product +: eight product lines, building platform-based businesses.
Rapid development, with the ever-increasing value of one-car packages for head smart electric vehicles, now has eight series of products: car nvh decomposition system, interior and interior adornment system, light weight quantification, smart cabin components, thermal management system, chassis system, air overhang system, smart driving system.
Actively layoutd robots with smart stars. The motion executor is one of the core Tesla robots \trianglerights. Robot line executors and rotation executors developed by the company have sent samples to clients on several occasions.
According to the company ' s 2023 report, the company will upgrade and enter the 3.Top Group (601689.sh) series as soon as possible in line with its client needs. Six points: Tier plans 300 acres for the Robot Powered System Development and Production Base project, with 2 electric power on 8 January.
4. Tupou Group (601689.sh) series evaluation V: q1 production lines are in operation, with an annual capacity of 300,000 power-drive executors, and additional capacity has been initiated for planning design.
5. Tupou Group (601689.sh) series IV: Profit and change rise as autonomous parts and components; currently robotic capacity is being built up and it is expected that the methodology and analytical logic of the new business will lead to findings, that the present report will be presented independently and objectively, and that responsibility for its content and perspective will be met. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research of researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.