The year 2024 saw an increase in the performance of the Car Plus Robots, and the year-round performance of the Automobile Electronics increased rapidly. According to the announcement, the company achieved its return in 2024.
906 per cent of the increase, with 240,000 deliveries and rapid increases in city occupancy of the vacant system; 3) continued strengthening of the thermal management of kernels, with self-reflection of electro-inflated valves delivered in China, the United States and Europe; 4) start-up of power-driven systems to deliver products with increased future contributions; and 5) further acceleration of the internationalization strategy.
The platform's tier 0.5 sword refers to the global engine. Client +: Strategic binding of Tesla and the new power of car-making, marching into the global supply system. Companies have established stable relationships with international and domestic innovation firms and major traditional garages, and have strategically tied Tesla into global supplies such as Ford, Daimler, BMW, the general public, Audi, etc.
Systems. In response to the changes in industry ' s electric intelligence, the company actively collaborates with the new drivers of car manufacturing, such as the Rivian, Urji, Biadi, and the Cyrus 1.Top (601689.sh) series IX: Acquisitions, exploring the Tier 0.5 model of cooperation. Product +: Eight product lines, building platform models.
Businesses. The company’s innovative 0.5 class business model continues to grow rapidly, with the value of its bicycles increasing, and now has eight series of products: car nvh shock system, interior and interior adornment system, body light quantification, smart cabin parts, heat management system, chassis system, air overhang system, smart driving system.
Actively layoutd robots with smart stars. The motion executor is one of the core Tesla robots \trianglerights. Robot line executors and rotation executors developed by the company have sent samples to clients on several occasions.
Household recognition and positive rating: according to the company ' s 2023 report, the company will upgrade as quickly as possible and enter into the 4. Tupou Group (601689.sh) series six: tier 0.5 platform q2 overperformance - 2024/07/
A power-driven system production line with an annual capacity of 300,000 units has been put into production and delivery. 5. The Tupou Group (601689.sh) series reviews industry V:q1 Investment proposal: companies gradually grow into autonomous units with industry-led client and product outreach capabilities.
\triangleright vanguard; robotic business delivery is now in place and is expected to lead to a greater increase. \triangleright will be the future of our company. \triangleright
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.