Topper Group (601689.sh) Cho Xudong Farming Automobile Parts, look at the future of the company's robotic implementer business.
In the area of deep-farming automobiles, the client matrix continues to expand: the company is the leading car component in the country. In the early years, the company was mainly engaged in such products as fuel car interiors, rubber tremors, etc., followed by new energy sources. In the area of automobiles, the product was expanded to include car chassis, heat management, etc. The company has a tight grip on domestic car production.
A wave of industry, leading to a shift in the top-heavy client base (joint venture) to Gilly and Tesla. As a result of the growing abundance of products and client matrices, the company collects the whole 1) interior business: the company’s basic business plate, which has grown rapidly in recent years.
The important component, in the stage of motorization and intelligent development, is the higher demand by consumers for the comfort of driving, the sound of isolation and noise reduction, which keeps the interior and the interior of the car up and up and up. The interior and the interior are the company's dominant business, and the company's products include car panels, roofs, etc.
Insulation interior products, such as sheds, main carpets, sound insulations, trunk insulations, etc., as well as overlaying products such as seals, decorations, etc., can provide systematic acoustic solutions.
Companies of the same kind, with the technology of the voc environmental materials, can effectively control voc emissions in their cars; and there is a certain cost advantage in integrating the industrial chain from fibre to formation to assembly. In terms of revenue, the company’s interior activities grew from 1.65 billion yuan in 2019 to 6.58 billion yuan in 2023.
2) Light Quantified chassis system: Acquisition of Fordona to improve layout and fast growth of operations. Light Quantified chassis is the main trend in the automobile industry today, and it can be used to increase the strength of the vehicle while increasing the continuation of the vehicle, thereby reducing fuel or battery consumption.
Project Headquarters, which acquired Fordona in 2017 to further refine the layout of the chassis, has now acquired the six main light alloy core processes of high-pressure casting, vacuum casting, covering products such as a single/blank aluminum staircase, hollow structural elements, and turnovers. At the same time, the company is able to develop simultaneously with the entire garage, and
Construction of factories in Ningbo, Kimhua, Chang Hing, Chongqing, Poland, Mexico, etc. is suitable for global customers. In terms of performance, the company’s light-quantified base plate revenue rose from $1.05 billion in 2019 to 2023, where the company’s capacity to build is not yet fully available and future revenue growth is achievable.
3) Seismics: The company's traditional dominant business is strong. The company is deep-deeping in the nvh car as a support, power-drivers, reverse-shocks, side racks, etc. For almost 40 years, the product includes light quantification of the power bus and the need for intelligent upgrading, the company continues to do so.
Production research and development, material technology transitioning from the first generation of metal to rubber to the third generation of light-quantified plastics, fibre + liquids, and forward-looking research and development of active seismometers with electromagnetic valves.
In 2021, the company ' s shock absorber ranked first in the domestic market and second in the global market.
The company's heat management business income increased from $1.290 billion in 2021 to 2023 extra-coded robotic track, leading by joint executives: the company set up an electric power drive department in 2023, front-looking robotics, etc. The implementer is the core part of the robot.
It's made up of a variety of zero components, such as electric machines, slow-down agencies, sensors, encoders, drives, controllers, communications, etc., and it's complicated. And human robots require a high degree of joint coordination and flexibility, so the implementer needs to meet both technical indicators of light quantification, miniaturization, low power consumption and so on.
It is highly integrated and technically difficult to implement. While companies have the capacity to produce all kinds of electric machines, such as PVs, boxless machines, etc., they have the experience of integrating all types of R & D resources and testing resources, because we believe that companies are more competitive in this field.
In terms of industry, the company is Tesla's core supplier and has a strong cooperative base in the area of automobiles, which is expected to work again in the area of human robotics; in addition, in January 2024, the company signed an investment agreement with the Ningpo Economic Technology Development Area for the Robots Research and Development Production Base Project.
The book proposes to invest $5 billion in building a core building base for robotic components, leading the way in the human robot zero industry. According to the 2024 performance forecast, the company’s power-driven system is officially operational and delivers its products, and we see the company as leading in the wave of human robot production.
Smart cars plus electric power-driven dual-sector development, which gives companies “buy-in” investment advice. Chinaresearchdept. This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., the Investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the Investment Services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients.
All or part of the report is printed for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare the report is reliable, but the information in the report has not been independently verified for audit.