\triangleright October 27, 2022
Realization of business income of $32,741 million, an increase of 6.46 per cent over the same period, a net return to the mother of $2,254 million, a first-curve firmness for a new and stable future, and a second growth curve. \triangleright
During the last three quarters, companies overcome external environmental challenges, guarantee business continuity, both nationally and internationally, generate revenues from the network of operators, companies and consumers, with a similar increase in the second curve, represented by servers and storage, terminals, 5g applications, automobiles, electronics, digital energy, etc.
40 per cent, with servers and storage revenues increasing by more than 100 per cent over the same period. Operator network: companies continuously raise their share of the global market for wireless and grid-fixing, reporting that companies ranked fourth in the global market for telecommunications equipment in the first half of the year, and second in the Chinese telecommunications market, with 32 per cent;
Ma Tianjin, the company's 5g base station is the second-largest in the world, its core network is the second-largest in the world, its light network s01052110003.
The world’s third largest market share for operators, and the second largest market share for securitization as a whole. Government and enterprise: the digital transformation of the firm’s deep-farming industry, core product servers and storage, goldendb distribution.
The first clients of finance, the Internet, government, etc., have made a breakthrough. 5g rows s0105220900005 for industrial applications, the intellectualization of the firm’s deep-ploughing industry, and the release of new mini5gc products from the 5g core web product.
Consumer operations: companies integrate mobile phones, mobile interconnected products, household information terminals, and ecological capabilities, combine China with the movement of China, the booming 30s of the country’s first-ever “China kernel” 5g kilometer, and the release of a direct screen by the United States Tide brand.
1. Communications in China (000063.sz) in the first quarter of 2022: a new flagship, Nubianz40spro; mobile interconnection products 5gfwa continued to have the highest global market share; FIS overseas market operating income increased by more than 30 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
Automobile Electronics: At the level of systems and solutions, Central Communications with Cycling Technology, East soft 2. Central Communications (000063.sz) Annual Report 2021.
Review: Performance meets expectations, Māori rates improve significantly, and costs are raised as a case of excellence”, high-real-time, high-determinate, and high-security dual-nucleotide driving drills continue to be optimized 2022/03/09
"The Autosemo Innovation Excellence Case 2022" as a system platform; Chip Level, Mid-Sing 3. Mid-Sing Communications (000063.sz) company review report: Performance: A certificate of a high level of auto function security asild functional security process certification, marking the advent of electronics.
A system for the development of software and hardware for c products that meet the highest level of car safety, chip security mechanism 4. Communications (000063): design and development to meet the requirements of international standards for the development of functional safety.
Mid-Change Communications (000063), solidified, second-curve increase Investment proposal: the company has made steady progress in the first curve, the second curve has flourished and is looking forward to the performance of the company, which has been valued for almost five years at 28x. The “recommended” rating is maintained.
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.