Net profits increased significantly in the third quarter, and the hyperbolic was further - middle communications (000063) reported in the third quarter of 2022 achieved a 30.72 per cent increase in net profits in the third quarter, and corporate performance continued to rise.
In the first three quarters, the company faced the challenges of the new crown epidemic and the external environment, achieving net profits of $92,559 million, an increase of 55.3 per cent over the same period in the previous year. It is worth noting that net profits of $2,144 million were realized in the third quarter, an increase of 30.72 per cent.
Bentao is new, deep and sound, market patterns are improving, and companies are expected to continue to improve their performance. • Three major business advantages, leading the international telecommunication equipment market, leading the international telecommunication equipment market, leading the international telecommunication equipment market.
As of September, the company’s 5g base station was the second largest in the world, the second largest in the world, the first three in the world, and the second in the world in the total market share of fixed networks. At the same time, the company’s research-mixing newsletter (00063.sz) in 2022
The annual report takes stock: three operations go hand in hand, and the second curve is continuously innovative and fully supportive of the company's cloud network transformation strategy and sustainable development.
Good Progress 2022.08.28 Epidemic communication enhances capacity-building in marketing and channels, building on efficient digital infrastructure and “digital nebula” based on cloud-based trading structures, deep-farming finance, Internet, electricity, transport, etc.
In the case of consumer business, communications are gradually integrating mobile phones, mobile interconnection products, household information terminals and ecological capabilities for individual consumers.
Yang provides a rich choice of smart products for his family. During the reporting period, companies moved together with China, launched a "China Cube" 5-ga aircraft with 30s, and a new flagship was launched by the U.S. Tide brand.
Biaz40spro: Mobile interconnected products 5gfwa continue to maintain the first share of global markets: household information terminals continue to grow faster, with overseas markets earning more than 30 per cent more than the same year; active second curve operations, with second curve operating income increasing nearly 40 per cent more than the same year.
In the first three quarters of 2022, the second curve business, represented by servers and storage, terminals, 5g industry applications, motor power subs, and digital energy, continued to grow at a rapid pace. The second curve generated almost 40 per cent of the same growth.
The company is the leading global provider of integrated communications information solutions, and in 2022 it went beyond the strategy and, while keeping the first curve on track, will be active in the second curve. As the epidemic improves, building and applying 5g, both within and outside the country, the company’s core business is expected to continue to grow in profitability.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report were based on compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly reflects my research views and makes reasonable judgements that lead to conclusions that are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.I.S.S.C. has the qualifications for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.C.C.
A basic form of enquiry is the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related effects of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, etc.