The third quarter was a steady increase in profitability, and the second curve led to a high rate of re-innovation, with companies earning $92.56 billion, yoy+10.4 per cent in the first three quarters of 2022.
The second curve continued to function, driving q3 to a single-quarter historical high: $92.56 billion, yoy + 10.4 per cent, real operating income in the first three quarters of 2022; $6.82 billion, yoy + 16.5 per cent, net profit earned from mothers; $5.55 billion, net profit withheld, yoy + 55.3 per cent; and communications in the first three quarters.
The second curve operations, represented by servers and storage, terminals, 5g applications, automobiles, electronics, digital energy, etc., have continued to grow at a rapid rate, with the second curve operating income increasing by nearly 40 per cent over the same period, with server and storage operating income increasing by more than 100 per cent over the same period.
(b) q3 single-quarter revenues increased further on the basis of a high base for the same period last year, reaching a one-quarter record high, and the logic of the corporate double-growth curve was fully validated.
The efficiency gains have continued to increase profitability and research and development efforts have been increasing: the first three quarters of 2022 have been a product mix into a steady upward trajectory, benefiting mainly from higher Māori rates of growth in network operating revenues and higher levels of business growth.
Continuous optimization of costs; in terms of cost rates, the efficiency gains of companies are gradually being demonstrated, with institutional investors accounting for 29.36 per cent of the share in circulation prior to the reporting period, representing a decrease of 1.03 percentage points in the three-quarters combined cost, with sales costs.
By the end of the month, the total number of 5g base stations in the country stood at 2.22 million, or 20.7 per cent of the total number of mobile base stations, compared to 20.7 per cent.
By the end of 2021, an increase of 6.4 percentage points was recorded, of which 795 million were new base stations. Investments by telecommunications operators are expected to recover as the impact of the epidemic subsides, the disruptions in production delivery will gradually be eliminated, and the construction of the 5g base station will continue. The company is expected to benefit from being the leader of the 5g industry.
The following traditional business will continue to work: 13 times and 11 times the pe, and the price of h shares eight times and seven times the pe, giving the epidemic an ongoing impact on the company’s overseas operations.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and is based on the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Credit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... is not a personal client. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose.