The performance of q3 is in line with the expected rapid growth of the second curve — the mid-spring newsletter quarterly review.
The company’s performance is in line with our earlier expectations, with a significant increase in net profits from the fallback. We believe that the company is strengthening its ownership, improving the quality and efficiency of its operations, and increasing the profitability of its operations.
Zhang Jianyu shows a further downward trend in the third fee rate. The company maintains a long-term approach to research and development and continuously improves the competitiveness of its core technology.
The cost of R & D in the first three quarters was 16,108 million yuan, an increase of 13.67% over the previous three quarters. The cost of R & D in the companies was a record high. The cost of R & D in the previous three quarters was 17.4%, an increase of 0.49 percentage points over the same period.
In the last three quarters, companies have continued to maintain a steady pace of growth. In both domestic and international markets, operators, companies, and consumers have achieved a year-on-year increase in operating income.
Second, the world’s third largest market share for network operators, and the second largest global market share for sequestering the net as a whole. Business governance: companies strengthen marketing and channel capacity-building, the digital transformation of deep-farming industries, and the breakthrough of industry’s top clients, such as finance, the Internet, government, etc., has been achieved with core products.
The Court’s information terminals have continued to grow faster, with overseas markets earning more than 30% of their revenues on a year-on-year basis. The first curve has moved steadily, and the second curve has risen rapidly, leading to more than 500 leaps into the world.
The two-curve operating income grew by nearly 40% over the same period. The server and storage receipts increased by more than 100% over the same year.2 The annual news bulletin (000063.sz) predicts a slowdown in the investment of operators: the epidemic has led to less than expected growth in overseas operations.
Queries: a significant increase in performance and growth prospects for the future 3 , Mid-Engineer News (000063.sz) company point 4 , Middle-Engineer News (000063.sz) Quarterly Report point 3
Question: q1 outperformed the expected net profit
Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report. Any form of written or oral commitment to share the return on investment in securities or to share the loss of investment in securities is invalid.
Investors should not simply rely on this report to replace their own independent judgement, and should be free to make investment decisions and bear the risk of their own investment, and any investment decisions and capital decisions made by investors on that basis