Ocean River Shares (00204.sz) Ocean River Shares: Profited Growth, 26.13%; Net Operating Cash Flows, 1,659 million yuan, 89.28% more than the previous year; Basic Every
Quite a two-qim profit growth, and a good advance increase in advance payments.
1h White wine business generated revenues of 13.38 billion yuan, an increase of 24.92 per cent, Māori rate of 73.61 per cent, shifting from commission processing to self-production by white wine producing enterprises, and consumption tax accounting from commission processing to self-drinking production costs, and from self-production and sales by alcohol producing enterprises to taxes and attachments
In addition, with effect from 1 May 2017, the approved rate of the minimum tax on white wine consumption tax was changed from 50 per cent to 186 times the rate of the combined tax to the minimum tax on consumption based on the price of foreign sales by the final-level sales unit.
Ocean River shares: industry. Ocean River shares. Ocean Dream series sales are now up by more than 70 per cent, with the blue of the dream growing at the same size as the sea.
(00234.sh): Sub-high poles are nationalized, digested in the same blues. It is expected that this year's dream blues will go beyond the blues of the sea on the scale of their sales, and that high-end product classes will increase their costs.
Prices pe21x. Maintenance of the “growth” rating. Price volatility of raw materials: macroeconomic fluctuations, slower growth in consumption; changes in industrial policy; Food safety, Wang Fenghua: Master's degree at the Chinese People's University, currently the Executive President of the Institute of Associated Securities.
The Academy sales team, Cho's Voice, Seo Jia-Lin.
The author has the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes without any third party.