Al enabling terminal, smart product platform business line growth, smart product platform business cover for the first time.
Huaqin Technologies is a platform company specialized in the design, manufacture and operation of smart hardware products, serving mainly consumer electronic phones and markets such as personal household digital terminals, laptops, data servers, car electronics, etc.
Lines have been gradually expanded from initial cellular products to flat, pen, piercable ai enabling end products, with multiple directions driving growth. Since 2023, the generation ai application, represented by chhagpt, has triggered a demand for arithmetic.
Growth, which drives the i-industry into a rapid and long-term process, is expected to lead to a gradual increase in demand for numeracy of endpoints such as mobile phones, laptops, and innovation in the consumption of electronic products.
In terms of smart phones, Apple launched the iphone 16 series in September 2024, with a brand-new a18 series of chips and a larger capacity of dram, all equipped to support ai applications; Andre is about to enter the intensive launch period of the new flagship, like a few.
For example, in the case of pc, the aipc update may provide more opportunities for Huaqin than it would have been.
Other big pen-odm plants, we believe, have the advantage of applying advanced technology in product areas such as mobile phones to pc products, where the Chinese technology laptop-odm business is now entering the world's top four, with a growing market share.
Goods, as the penetration rate of aipc increases in the future, the competitiveness of products and services brought about by a company ' s combined hardware and software capacity will increase the value of the product, leading to a sustained increase in performance.In the area of servers, companies have developed stronger R & D capabilities and production systems in the area of server odm.
The company has established close cooperation with a number of well-known cloud producers in the country and has earned revenue from the delivery and sale of current products. The company’s data products business has achieved full-store products such as ai servers, general servers, storage servers, switchboard products, etc.
Market demand is less than expected; client outreach is less than expected; i server is less advanced than expected; acquisition of 1 smart product platform enterprise 1.1 business line is robustly expanded
Huaqin technology is a platform for specialized research and development, manufacturing and operating services for smart hardware products. It is part of the smart hardware odm industry, serving mainly well-known manufacturers of smart hardware brands and networking companies such as Samsung, Oppo, Mi, vivo, Amazon, Unions, Macro, Huatsu, Sony, etc.
The Division ' s product lines include smart phones, laptops, tablet computers, smart worn (including smart watches, tws headphones, smart bracelets, etc.), alot products (including smart poss, car electronics, smart sound boxes, etc.) and smart hardware products such as service machines.
For over a decade, the company's deep-farming smart hardware odm industry, relying on its own R & D design, system software development, process testing, supply chain resource integration, production manufacturing and quality management capabilities, has been working on the global division of labour in the electronic information industry, which has become an important opportunity for the development of data flows and service portals in an age of connectivity.
Currently, companies have developed into sophisticated smart hardware, research and development manufacturing capabilities and ecological platform building capabilities, with leading markets in the field of global consumer eodm.
In terms of research and development, the company has five major R & D centres throughout the country and currently has more than 10,000 experienced research.
On the manufacturing side, companies have long adhered to the model of “multi-base manufacturing + flexible production delivery” and have built two major manufacturing centres, Nanchang and Dong-jung, and have strategically deployed overseas manufacturing bases in India, Indonesia, and Viet Nam in the form of equity investments, with leading manufacturing capacity in the industry: and autonomous.
A smart manufacturing information system has been developed for the business model of a conglomerate company, which aims to improve the intellectual and self-motivated level of the manufacturing centres and continuously improve the efficiency of production and product quality. At the operational level, companies have developed digital systems ranging from customer demand to development, procurement, production, operation, final delivery and end-to-end management, which will
The whole chain is integrated into the digital management system, with particular emphasis on information inputs for supply chain management, resulting in savings in operating costs and increased operational efficiency.
The company's product lines cover hardware products such as smart phones, laptops, tablets, smart wears, alot hardware, car electronics, and servers. In the area of smartphones odm/idh, the company has become three stars, oppo, and so on.
According to the advisory board, Chinese technology maintained a market share of about 28% in 2023 and ranked first in the global smartphone odm/idh industry.
There are synergies with smartphone operations in terms of clients, processes, supply chains, and companies are now entering the international front-line flat-plate branding supply chain, a global headline firm in the field of flat-plate odm.
Globalsmartphoneodm/idhvendors'shipsshare, in the area of personal computers, the company has achieved a full-scale package of personal computer products, including laptops, single machines, desktops, etc.
Efficiency is leading the industry, and the Chinese technology laptop odm is now in the world’s top four, with a growing market share. Aipc multi-products produce and deliver, and the penetration of aipc will increase year after year as the ecology of the software and hardware is not matured, and companies rely on hardware and software combinations to produce products and uniforms.
In the area of smart clothing, companies have entered the supply chain of many well-known brand manufacturers in the areas of smart watches, tws headphones, smart bracelets. The company’s product research and development team has the ability to build a platform to wear hardware and software.
The global market for wearing products is expected to grow as health functions such as blood sugar, blood oxygen tests, etc., become more permeable in smart appliance devices, and the use of tws headphones brings better user experience. As industry leaders, companies’ high-quality customer resources and technological leadership will gain a greater share in the boom.
In the alot area, the company designs and produces new intellectual, hardware and hardware products such as smart households, audio products, vr, play products, and delivers goods to a number of well-known end-makers. In the smart home, home controls, and ipcamera have many products on the market overseas; in addition, the company has achieved full storage of its consumer audio products.
In the field of data products business, after several years of deep-seated research and development and technological accumulation, the company has developed a stronger R & D capability and manufacturing level in the server odm domain.
The company’s data products business has already resulted in the delivery of all-store products such as a suit, a common server, a storage server, a switch product, etc. In the area of automobile electronics, the company has now built up a whole range of hardware, software, hmi, testing, etc.
Auto-research capabilities, as well as manufacturing centres certified by car regulations. Breaks have been made in four major business modules, namely, smart cabins, smart car controls, smart network networks, and smart driving.
In the area of industrial products, companies have designed and produced new and emerging smart hardware products such as smart poss, industrial pdas, face-to-face recognition of new retail terminals, and have worked with a number of well-known terminal manufacturers and overseas industry clients.
1.2 Business growth is steady, and as the global smartphone industry moves from the age of growth to the age of stock competition, the odm producers with rapid R & D overlaps and sophisticated manufacturing regulatory capabilities are rising in the professional division of the industrial chain, the odm market.
In recent years, head branders such as Samsung, Oppo, vivo, and mills have gradually upgraded the Odm model, and the company ' s mobile phone operations have expanded rapidly. Between 2019 and 2023, the company ' s compound income grew by about 24.7% in its annual business year, with a profit-side increase in its net return profits from 510 million yuan in 2019.
Figure 6. Revenues from the Chinese technology calendar. Chart 7. Profit from the Chinese technology calendar.
Chart 8: Profitability of Chinese technology for the years, Chart 9: Cost of Chinese technology for the years. Sub-operational lines show that the company ' s revenues have remained largely on the rise, with the firm ' s operations heavily rated in 2023.
Classes, smartphones and smart wear operations are classified as smart terminal operations, pc, tablets and data products are classified as high-performance computing operations. In 2023, smart terminal operations were affected by industry stockings alone, and plate revenues fell, and no repairs were made until after 2h23.
Figure 10 Revenues for the technical sub-operations (in billions of yuan) Chart 11 Māori rates for the technical sub-operations (2019-2022) Cost during the company period remained on the upwards, mainly with the largest increase in R & D costs and other cost rates largely maintained
Relative concentration of shares in the company, with the top 10 shareholders holding 72.99 per cent of the company's shares, and the top 10 shareholders holding 71.1 per cent of the company's stockholdings, except for Intel, which is an external shareholder.
Of these, he is the controlling shareholder of the company, Qiu Wensheng is the actual controlling agent of the company, Qiuqin and Qiu Wensheng are the companies controlled by Qiu Wensheng, so that he acts in unison; Qiu Wensheng and Qiu Hae Xian are the shareholders of the company; Quixiang holds a platform for the employees of the company in Shanghai, and Choi is the executive partner in Shanghai, and there is a concerted action.
The company’s executives are highly qualified, working for more than 14 years, with an average of 47-48 years of age, and are stable and active.
In addition, in July 2024, Huaqin announced an investment offer to buy 80% of the shares of the internationally held ILEC Enterprise Holdings Company Limited in cash. The main product of ILLA is acoustic-related spare parts and end-ends, with revenue of HK$ 4.55 billion in 2023 and net profit of HK$ 545 million, valued at US$ 2.85 billion on the basis of the acquisition.
With this acquisition, Huaqin is able to expand his profile in the audio field, and is expected to bring overseas customers more quickly, using easy-to-reach qualifications. Figure 16 shows how hard-working technology is going to buy easy-to-reach holdings.
Target groups include the following: 2al enabling end product, multi-directional energy for growth: 2.1 smartphones open the ai era.
In 2023, the consumer electronics industry experienced a stronger low-season feature. Weak end demand in the first half of the year, according to consulting agencies Canalys, recorded a 12% decline in global smartphone output of 2023q1 and an 11% decline in 2023q2 by the same year.
During the year, a number of well-known brands, such as Apple and Hua, began to roll out new products, adding to the many good policies that have been put in place frequently. Consumer electronics markets gradually reversed their low levels. Canalys statistics also show that 2023q3 global smartphones have been repaired further, and sales have grown in double digits.
In 2023, I became the most visible new force that effectively hit the market in an unstoppable and powerful position, opening up new development opportunities for industrial innovation. Consumer electronic brands are actively exploring a model.
New opportunities for integrated development, including ai cell phone, aipc, xr, etc., have invested a lot of human and material resources in self-researching a big model to lead a new product innovation cycle for consumer electronics. Apple's appleature is a demonstration of the path of ai's mobile phone. Apple supports a big model.
The basic hardware base has been laid, its a- and m-chips have been improved almost every year, a17pro npus has reached 35 tops, double the previous generation a16, and m-chips have been significantly enhanced, and wwdc released m4 chips in June 2024, and the overall cpu, gpu properties have been further enhanced.
In addition, npu is 38 tops, which is more than double the previous generation ' s M3 series. According to the apple intelligence support equipment, iphone15pro, iphone15promax, and ipad and mac devices carrying m1 or subsequent chips can be upgraded for use and are expected to be used as the next series of a chip overlaps.
The number of devices held will increase rapidly.
Apples are based on a strong hardware performance base, highly integrated ai function at the system level, and it is expected that the apple intelligence will be launched with a new flight in 2024. Appleintelligence will enable an apple-born application at the system level, with access to a voice assistant who will be able to understand the user's language better.
For example, users can say, "Get out of my reading list of the article about stubble," or "Siri sends a picture of the Saturday barbecue to Maria," which helps users to operate. Apples have a very strong hardware cover.
On a quantitative basis, it is also more attractive for developers to access their api, which makes their systems more useful, easy to use, forming a positive loop.
The Andres hardware base is dependent on the efforts of soc manufacturers, both of which have significantly increased their support for the needs of the ii from the high-tung and mtk flagship products, and the hardware base at the end of the iai is gradually being built, with an overall capacity of 73 tops/s compared to the i-engine, which is 98 per cent higher than the previous generation, while energy efficiency is 40 per cent higher.
The hardware base of Andre will be further improved with the introduction of two new-generation chip manufacturers in the second half of the year. Npu performance in figure 24mtk will be gradually enhanced.
In November, the blue heart model was released and mounted on the X100 flag ship phone; oppo released in January 2024, the findx7 series, with access to a 7 billion parameter large model; and Samsung Galaxys 24, with all types of ai function based on gemini: the Mi mim model was also registered in May 2024 and is expected to be gradually applied.
Among the various products of rice. Andre's flagship has introduced a big model, with very obvious incentives for initial sales, such as the vivox100pro series, which has increased its sales by 8 per cent over the previous generation, the three weeks before Galaxys 24 was on the market.
The first sale of the type of machine that carries the proi function in figure 26, the big model in the image system in figure 27 millimeter 14ultra, the big blue heart model in figure 29vivo.
Chart 30 Three Stars series S24 introduces the ai function galaxyai in love. Welcome to the Galaxyai era. Handshaky 24s24+ provides more possibilities for your artistic creation and way of working. Now, start with the important devices of your life -- your smart phone.
As hardware and software mature, we expect that the next one will sink to medium- and low-end mobile phones, push the market switch, and then pull the demand in the odm industry.
According to the advisory body, the market of odm/idh continues to be larger. According to the advisory body, in 2022, there were about 483 million odm/idh manufacturers' smartphones, and the global smartphone market total was about $29.7 billion, accounting for 39.4 per cent of the global smartphone market; it is projected that by 2025, the market will be home to about 10 million people.
The global smartphone odm/idh market will continue to grow, with more than 600 million shipments expected, representing over 40% of the overall smart hands market and $37.2 billion in sales. In recent years, global smart product odm/idh market integration has accelerated, shares are increasingly concentrated towards industry leaders, cr3 shares remain high, and Chinese technology is at the top of Top2
2.2aipc presents new opportunities for change The wave of residential office in 2020-2021 increased global pc sales and, as work gradually returns to the office, demand for the pc market weakened in 2022, but in 2023, as the stock was gradually de-drawn.
The pc market has begun to warm up, with 59,56 million q2pc in 2023, a 17 per cent decrease in the same year, and the decline has begun to narrow, with the pc market continuing to recover after 2024, with two consecutive quarters in the first half of the year growing by 2 per cent. With regard to the competitive pattern, it is likely that 24.4 per cent of the market share will be maintained as the world's top ranking.
It's 22.6% of hp and 16.7% of dell, respectively.
Small, and more supportive of objective conditions for the location-to-end of the ai application. With regard to the need for the ai application to move from the cloud to the inn, we believe that it is primarily a matter of privacy and economics: 1)pc as a local device that avoids privacy leakage from the uploading of user data: 2) pc can use npu to improve the efficiency of the ai algorithm.
Reducing the power of the entire machine and localizing it: And if pc localizes most of the ai function, users will be more willing to pay one-time. According to the advisory body idc, the volume of aipc shipments will increase from nearly 50 million in 2024 to more than 167 million in 2027.
Figure 35 Chinese market pc shipment (idc projection data) Figure 34 China market aipc ratio (idc projection data) Hardware view, according to gartner's definition, aipc is a dedicated ai accelerator or nuclear
Computers for heart, neurological processing units (npus), accelerated processing units (apus) or stretch processing units (tpus) designed to optimize and accelerate the ai task on the device. This provides better performance and efficiency, and does not need to rely on external servers or cloud services for handling the ai and generator ai loads.
To observe, a new platform in support of the 'i ' is being launched: Intel launched a meteorlake for aipc, column cpu, which is the first time in its history that it has integrated npu in cpu and will be updated to lunar lake in September 2024, where its projected volume of aipc related to intel exceeds 40 million at the time of the annual meeting; amd launched
ryzenai 300 series processor with an built-in npu capacity of 50 tops; Hightower has published a large model of the billion-parameterai for aipc.
Figure 37amd hardware base for aipc intelcore microsoft'srequirementsforanaipc
You know, I've got a lot of work to do.
I don't know, and gpuweredsilicon whatisanaipc?
It's not like I'm going to have to do it, but I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you.
Andthenewpuhasthhecopilotkey, based on changes in the aipc market, mainly the re-entry of Xelitesoc, which carries the arm structure.
pc market, based on past years' share of the architecture, according to the advisory body counterpoint, the share of the arm architecture in the pen power market has reached 15%, mainly from Apple ' s release of the m series of chips at the end of 2020, which gradually replaced the x86 chip on the macbook. High-tone tried to do it in the 835s.
Entering the pc market, followed by an update of 8cx, but limited to performance and software suitability, resulting in an overall effect. High access to the pc market again, arm eco-shortboards are gradually being replenished, raw support software is increasing, and most applications can be run through translation, and their performance is already sufficient for daily applications, plus a stronger npu.
Performance, with a foundation on which to build. With high-tech soc performances, product lines can be filled to expect a gradual increase in the share of the arm architecture.
Figure 39 Highline pc chip xelite Figure 41 with a pc penetration trend for ai (gartner projection data) Chart 40 with a pc penetration rate for npu (idc projection data)
China’s pen power business has been largely on the rise over the past few years, with its share in the upper echelons of mainland producers, not to mention China’s Taiwann counterparts still in a catch-up position, which is more than sufficient in the future. Aipc’s update may give Huaiq more opportunities than any other big pen odm plant, and we believe that Huaiq is uniquely superior.
A few companies with the capacity to achieve R & D based on arm architecture and x86 architecture have made breakthroughs and scale effects on smartphones, laptops, data center products, auto electronic intelligence hardware, if not apple-based branding plants.
The commercial arm architecture notes could have occupied a place on the pc market, and the luminous server would have been a new engine of growth. 2.3 Since 2023, the creative ai application, represented bychatgpt, has triggered a new round of computing needs and has driven the process of generating a new one.
In the fast-to-long run of the i industry, the high-performance i server demand is expected to maintain a high-growth trend, and according to the Advisory Body's Trendforce forecast, the i server output is increasing gradually and is expected to account for nearly 15% of the total server output by 2026. In terms of the i server demand, four major North American cloud producers, Microsoft, and Vale, are expected to account for nearly 15% of the total.
Songs, aws, and meta account for more than 60% of global demand. According to the Advisory Body, idc estimates that the global population is US$ 1 billion, with a five-year complex growth rate of 17.3%.
In terms of overseas demand, four major cloud producers have continued to increase capex in recent quarters, with a combined input of four producers in the second quarter exceeding $52.8 billion, or about 58 per cent over the same period, according to the financial statements of 2q24 plants.
About 19 per cent. Of this amount, Amazonian capex grew by about $17.62 billion in the second quarter, or 53.8 per cent in the same quarter, ring growth by around $13.19 billion in the second quarter of Google, or 91.4 per cent in the same year, ring growth by 9.8 per cent, Meta capex by approximately $8.17 billion in the second quarter, or 31.5 per cent in the same year, ring growth by 27.7 per cent.
On the domestic demand side, based on consulting idc data, it is projected that China ' s artificial intelligence server city will have a size of $9.1 billion in 2023, an increase of 82.5 per cent in the same year, $13.4 billion in 2027, five-year complex eflops, an intellectual capacity of 1117.4 eflops; and China ' s smartness is projected for 2022-2027.
With the sustained growth in demand in the sector, Huaqin has continued to expand the product map in the area of data. From 2022, China’s hard-line data business continued to grow at a high rate, with three times the increase in revenue in 2023 and the first launch of the i server, with the same number of users.
It is also a small number of domestic manufacturers that can provide a full-store mix of products, ranging from general servers, assemblages of artificial intelligence servers, switches to storage servers. In 2024, the company achieved a full-store delivery of ai servers, general servers and switches among its head csp clients, of which one was delivered in 2023.
On the basis of this rapid growth, a new generation of AI training servers and industry reasoning servers began in the second quarter.
Chart 50 universal server products, Chart 52 WLN products, Chart 53 WLEC mec products.
Market demand has fallen short of expectations; customer outreach has fallen short of expectations; servers have fallen short of expectations; acquisitions have fallen short of pre-financing controls; and the Ministry of Investment of the Time Fund have had eight years of experience in research and research, with a buyer-soldier perspective.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.