泰金融控股(香港)有限
HUATAI FINANCIAL HOLDINGS (HONG KONG) LIMITED
Joining hands with Chery to foray
into auto business
Huatai Research
Real-time Comment
China (Mainland)
Consumer Electronics
Signed Strategic Cooperation Framework Agreement with Chery
According to Luxshare's announcement on 11 February: 1) its parent signed an
Equity Transfer Framework Agreement with Qingdao Wudaokou to acquire 19.9%
of the equity of Chery Holdings (auto, finance, and property business), 7.9% of the
equity of Chery Auto (mainly automobile business), and 6.2% of the equity of Chery
New Energy for a consideration of RMB10.1bn; and 2) Luxshare signed a
Strategic Cooperation Framework Agreement with Chery Group to establish a joint
venture focusing on R&D and manufacturing of NEVs. We believe acquiring Chery
equity and establishing a JV should help the company understand the ODM
business and improve its comprehensive capability in core auto components,
Key data
positions the company well to become a tier-1 player in the medium to long term,
and lays a foundation for its foray into other auto fields.
Setting up JV to build tier-1 auto parts maker
According to the announcement, Luxshare is to hold a 30% stake in the JV. Well
versed in the auto industry for years, Chery has cooperated with Jaguar, Land
Rover, and other brands in high-end fields and sold c 100k NEVs in 2021 (up 117%
yoy, vs global NEV sales up c 108% yoy according to CleanTechnica), supported
by its R&D system and independent platform. The cooperation, in our view, 1)
Share performance
helps enhance Luxshare's capabilities in core auto parts and should lift the
per-auto value of its auto business; 2) accumulates experience in vehicle
manufacturing for Luxshare; both parties are to cooperate in technology, software,
factories, and customers, and given the new presence of smartphone giants in the
vehicle manufacturing field, the company may further expand its presence in the
auto sector; and 3) should have a limited impact on the company's 2022 results.
Integrated presence in components, modules, and ODM
The company follows its strategy of components, modules, and ODM around the
business lines of Apple. We believe the company may expand its business
presence in Apple's new products, and seize opportunities in the phone and parts
businesses. In addition to Apple, Huawei, Xiaomi, and other smartphone makers
and Internet giants have forayed into the auto domain. We believe the auto
business looks likely to become a new driver for the company.
Target price of RMB45.95; maintain BUY
2021E/2022E/2023E
maintain
profit
our
net
estimates
RMB8.46/11.99/14.96bn. Given the company's strong precision manufacturing and
industry position, we value the stock at 27x 2022E PE vs its peers' average of 17x
Risks: weaker AirPods sales than we expect, and a decline in 3C global demand
due to COVID-19.
Financials
Source: Company announcements, Huatai Research estimates
Fig.2: Luxshare Precision Industry PB-Bands
Risks statement
AirPods sales fall short of our expectations. Since 2017, shipments of Apple AirPods series
TWS earbuds have achieved rapid growth, but considering that Android-based TWS earbuds are
gradually catching up, Apple AirPods series earphones could log weaker sales than we expect due
to intensified competition and declining demand.
The pandemic may lead to risk of a global 3C demand decline. Although the current domestic
pandemic has basically been effectively controlled, the pandemic in the US, Europe, and other
places is still spreading, and there is a risk of a global demand decline caused by the need for
quarantine in the future. As the supply chain of many international tier-1 3C customers, Luxshare
may face the risk of lower orders than we expect caused by the decline in global demand.
Full financials
Source: Company announcements, Huatai Research estimates
Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
I/We, HUANG Leping, CHEN Xudong, HUANG Liyue, hereby certify that the views expressed in this report accurately reflect the
personal views of the analyst(s) about the subject securities or issuers; and no part of the compensation of the analyst(s) was, is,
or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the inclusion of specific recommendations or views in this report.
General Disclaimers and Disclosures
This research report has been prepared by Huatai Financial Holdings (Hong Kong) Limited (hereinafter referred to as "HFHL").
The information herein is strictly confidential to the recipient. This report is intended for HFHL, its clients and associated
companies. Any other person shall not be deemed a client of the Company merely from his or her receipt of this report.
This report is based on information deemed reliable and publicly available by HFHL, but HFHL and its associated company(ies)
(collectively, hereinafter "Huatai") makes no guarantee as to the accuracy or completeness of such information.
The opinions, assessments and projections contained herein only reflect the views and judgments at the issuance date. Huatai
may issue research reports that contain inconsistent views, assessments and projections with those set out herein at different
times. The prices, values and investment returns of the securities or investment instruments referred to herein may fluctuate.
Past performance is not a guide to future performance, future returns are not guaranteed, and a loss of original capital may occur.
Huatai makes no warrants that the information in this report be kept up to date. The information contained in this report may be
modified without notice by Huatai, and investors shall pay attention to such updates or modifications when necessary.
HFHL is not a U.S. Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ("FINRA") member firm, and HFHL research analysts are not
registered/qualified as research analysts with FINRA.
While every effort has been made by Huatai to ensure the content contained herein is objective and impartial, the views,
conclusions and recommendations in this report are for reference only and are not to be construed as an offer or solicitation for
the purchase or sale of any security or financial instrument and in any jurisdiction where such offer or solicitation would be illegal.
Such views and recommendations are not intended to provide personal investment advice and does not take into account the
specific investment objectives, financial situation and the particular needs of any specific person. Investors should give sufficient
consideration to their own particular circumstances, and fully understand and use the contents of this report, which should not be
seen as the sole factor to rely on in making investment decisions. Huatai and the report's authors shall under no circumstance be
held liable for any direct, indirect or consequential losses or damages arising from or in connection with the use or reliance of this
report or its contents. Any form of written or verbal commitment to share the proceeds or losses of any securities investment shall
be regarded as null and void.
The subject of this report may include entities subject to a U.S. Presidential Executive Order which restricts the ability of U.S.
persons to invest in specified companies now referred to as Chinese Military-Industrial Complex Companies ("CMIC") by the US
Treasury Department's Office of Foreign Assets Control ("OFAC"). The analysis, opinions, and recommendations contained in
this report are for reference only and does not constitute an offer or solicitation to buy or sell the securities, or an effort to facilitate
the purchase or sale of the securities. Any "U.S. Person," defined as a U.S. citizen, permanent resident alien, entity organized
under the laws of the U.S. or any jurisdiction within the U.S. (including foreign branches), or any person located in the U.S.,
should fully consider their own specific circumstances, and not directly or indirectly invest in any form of publicly traded securities
of a CMIC, or their derivative securities, and use them as investment opportunities. For any securities-related transaction in the
subject company restricted by a U.S. Presidential Executive Order, neither Huatai Securities & Co., Ltd, its subsidiaries, Huatai
Securities (USA), Inc. or Huatai Financial Holdings (Hong Kong) Ltd, nor the author of this report shall bear any legal
responsibility for any consequences resulting from the use of information contained in this report.
Unless otherwise indicated, the data quoted in this report represents past performance, which should not be used as a guide of
future returns. Huatai does not promise or guarantee that any future return will be realized. The forecast made in the report is
based on corresponding assumptions, and any change of assumptions may significantly affect the predicted return.
Huatai and the report's authors have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment instruments referred to herein,
to the best of their knowledge. Huatai may, to the extent permitted by applicable law, hold positions in or trade securities issued
by companies mentioned herein, and may also perform investment banking, financial advisory or other financial products related
services for or solicit business from such companies.
Based on different assumptions, standards or adopting different analytical methods, Huatai's sales, traders or other professionals
may, orally or in writing, express market comments and/or trading opinions inconsistent with the opinions and suggestions of this
report. Huatai has no obligation to update this report. Huatai's asset management, proprietary and other investment services
departments may independently make investment decisions that are inconsistent with the opinions or recommendations
expressed in this report. Investors should take into account that Huatai and/or its related persons may have potential conflicts of
interest that may affect the objectivity of the opinions in this report. Investors should not regard this report as the sole basis for
their investment or other decisions. Specific disclosures in this regard are contained at the end of this report.
This report is not intended for any institution or individual investor of any region, country or other jurisdiction in which Huatai would
violate local law or regulation; or subject Huatai to relevant law or regulation, due to the sending, publishing, or use of this report.
The copyright of this report is exclusively owned by HFHL. No organizations or individuals shall infringe the copyright of HFHL by
any means, such as duplicating, reproducing, publishing, quoting or redistributing (in whole or in part) to any other person without
the written consent of HFHL. Where HFHL agrees to quote or distribute, it shall be used within the permitted scope and obtain
independent local advice to comply with applicable laws and regulations before distribution, and indicate the source as "Huatai
HK Research". Any reference, deletion or modification inconsistent with the original intention of this report shall not be made.
HFHL reserves the right to pursue legal actions against relevant infringement. All trademarks, service marks and marks used
herein are trademarks, service marks and marks of HFHL.
Hong Kong, China
In Hong Kong, this research report is prepared and distributed by HFHL, which is regulated by the Hong Kong Securities and
Futures Commission and is the wholly owned subsidiary of Huatai International Financial Holdings Company Limited (华泰国际金
融控股有限公司) which is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., a joint stock company incorporated in the
People's Republic of China with limited liability under the Chinese corporate name “华泰证券股份有限公司”. This research
report is intended for use only by institutional and professional investors as defined in the Hong Kong Securities and Futures
Ordinance and its subsidiary legislation. Recipients of this research in Hong Kong may contact HFHL in respect of any matter
arising from or in connection with this research.
Important HK Regulatory Disclosures
HFHL does not have an individual employed by or associated with it serves as an officer of any companies or issuers under
its research coverage.
LUXSHARE PRECISION (002475 CH): HFHL, its subsidiaries and/or affiliates, beneficially owns 1% or above of the
subject company's(ies) market capitalisation.
Please see additional important disclosures under the section of "Important US Regulatory Disclosures".
United States
In the United States, this research report is distributed solely to institutional investors that meet US regulatory requirements by
Huatai Securities (USA) Inc., which is a registered broker-dealer and member of FINRA. Huatai Securities (USA) Inc., accepts
responsibility for the content of this research report in accordance with the provisions of Rule 15a-6 under the US Securities
Exchange Act of 1934. Huatai Securities (USA) Inc.'s affiliate analysts are not registered/qualified as research analysts with
FINRA, may not be associated persons of Huatai Securities (USA) Inc., and therefore may not be subject to FINRA rule
restrictions on communications with a subject company, public appearances, and trading securities held by the analysts. Huatai
Securities (USA) Inc. is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Huatai International Financial Holdings Company Limited (华泰国际金融控
股有限公司) which is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Any persons receiving this report directly from
Huatai Securities (USA) Inc. and wishing to effect a transaction in any security described herein should do so with Huatai
Securities (USA) Inc.
Important US Regulatory Disclosures
HUANG Leping, CHEN Xudong, HUANG Liyue and their associates do not serve as an officer, director or advisor of the
subject securities or issuers mentioned in this Research Report. The Analysts and their associates do not have any
financial interests in relation to the subject securities or issuers mentioned in this Research Report. For the purposes of
these disclosures, the term "associate" includes members of the analyst's household as defined by FINRA. Analysts receive
compensation based upon the overall revenue and profitability of Huatai securities Co., Ltd, including revenues derived
from its investment banking business.
LUXSHARE PRECISION (002475 CH): Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., its subsidiaries and/or affiliates, beneficially owns 1% or
more of a class of common equity securities of the subject company(ies).
Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., its subsidiaries and/or its affiliates, from time to time sell to and buy from customers the
securities/instruments of companies, both equities and debt (including derivatives) of companies covered in Huatai
Securities Research on a principal or agency basis.
Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., its subsidiaries and/or its affiliate(s), and/or their officers, directors and employees may, to the
extent permitted by applicable law, have positions in any securities mentioned in this report (or in any related investment)
and may from time to time add to or dispose of any such securities (or investment). Therefore, investors should be aware
that a conflict of interest may exist.
Guide to Investment Rating
The investment rating system is based on total return potential including all paid or anticipated dividends relative to that of the
benchmark over the next 6-12 months after the release of the report.
The benchmark: CSI-300 Index for A share market. Hang Seng index for Hong Kong market. S&P 500 index for US market.
Industry Rating Definitions
OVERWEIGHT: The industry index is expected to outperform the benchmark
NEUTRAL: Performance of the industry index is expected to be in line with the benchmark
UNDERWEIGHT: The industry index is expected to significantly underperform the benchmark
Stock Rating Definitions
BUY: The stock price is expected to outperform the benchmark by more than 15%
OVERWEIGHT: The stock price is expected to outperform the benchmark by 5%~15%
HOLD: The performance of the stock relative to that of the benchmark is expected to be within -15%~5%
SELL: The stock price is expected to underperform the benchmark by more than 15%
Rating suspended: The rating, target price and estimates have been suspended temporarily to comply with applicable
regulations and/or firm policies
Not rated: Stocks are not in regular research coverage. Investors should not expect continuing or additional information from
Huatai relating to such securities and/or companies
Legal Entity Disclosures
China: Huatai Securities Co., Ltd is approved by the China Securities Regulatory Commission under a qualification to carry out
"securities investment consulting" business. Business license no: 91320000704041011J
Hong Kong: Huatai Financial Holdings (Hong Kong) Limited holds a license issued by the Securities and Futures Commission in Hong
Kong to carry out "advising on securities" business. License no: AOK809.
USA: Huatai Securities (USA) Inc. is a registered broker-dealer and member of FINRA. License no.: CRD#: 298809/SEC#: 8-70231.
Huatai Securities Co., Ltd
Nanjing
Beijing
Building 1, Huatai Securities Plaza, No. 228 Jiangdong M Rd,
18F, Building A, No. 28 Fengsheng Hutong, Taipingqiao St,
Shenzhen
Shanghai
10F, South Bosera Fund Building, No. 5999 Yitian Rd,
23F, Building E, Poly Plaza, No. 18 Dongfang Rd,
Huatai Financial Holdings (Hong Kong) Limited
Unit 5808-12, 58/F, The Center, 99 Queens Road Central, Central, HONG KONG
Huatai Securities (USA) Inc.
41st Floor, 10 Hudson Yards, New York, NY 10001, UNITED STATES
© 2022 Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved