The most important variable affecting bank fundamentals and investments in 2018 is financial regulatory policy.
With new rules on asset-side regulation, tight financing, frequent defaults, competitive deposits, and the wider context, banks will face pressure on off-the-shelf asset returns, deterioration in asset quality and persistent increases in end-of-debt costs.
Business banks are more cautious in terms of prior asset end-of-life, unlabelled investments and business expansion of corporate liabilities. By the end of 2017, low-risk lending stood at 46%, while micro-enterprise lending stood at 16%, down from the industry average of 9 percentage points: taking into account non-valued assets in the table, financial management
Unmarked assets of funds and loans entrusted to them, etc., estimate the total amount of non-capitalized assets of business and industry banks at around $1.5 trillion, representing 5.97% of total assets, and below industry average. As a result, the financial regulatory policy continues to tighten, and default rates are high in the prevailing environment.
On the end of the debt, there was a continuation of competitive deposits in 2018, and the trend towards the periodicization of current deposits is more pronounced, and industry end-of-end costs will remain on the rise. By the end of 2017, the share of business end-of-debt deposits was over 80%, relatively positive.
The ratio of public and retail demand deposits has continued to rise, with private banks growing at a 24% compound rate over the past five years, helping business banks to control the increase in the cost of the end of the debt. The short-term pressure on the revenue from intermediate operations and the long-term development of diversified layouts.
The new rules will limit the expansion of the size of the property. Thus, fees and fees will be charged for a short period of time. However, business and industry banks have now set aside funds, insurance, leasing, and debt-for-equity operations, and diversified layouts will gradually release profits.
Profit forecasts and investment proposals: Given the potential rewind pressure and the causal effect of the increase in default rates, we measure that there is no current capital gap in business. Current business and industry bank valuations are dynamic pb0.95x, and the current share rate is around 4.8%.
The acceleration of financial market opening, the acceleration of inflows of overseas funds, the introduction of value values for bank shares Risk factors: the deterioration of asset quality as a result of economic downside expectations; tightening of regulations. The most important variable affecting bank fundamentals and investments in 2018 is financial regulation policy.
With new regulations on end-of-control, tight financing, frequent defaults, high levels of deposit competition, banks will be faced with the pressure to return outward assets, deteriorating asset quality, and rising end-of-debt costs. Therefore, the choice of labels focuses on companies that are less negatively affected.
By the end of 2017, low-risk lending stood at 46%, while micro-enterprise lending stood at 16%, which was lower than the industry average of 9 percentage points; taking into account non-target assets in the table, non-target assets in the management of financial funds, and the Commission,
The total size of non-target assets, both inside and outside business banks, is estimated to be around $1.5 trillion, representing 5.97 per cent of total assets, which is also lower than the industry average. Thus, in the context of continued tightening of financial regulatory policies, the impact is relatively small in the larger context of high default rates.
Competition continues, and the trend towards the periodicization of current deposits is more pronounced, and industry end-of-end costs will be protected. By the end of 2017, the ratio of business end-of-debt deposits was over 80%, the relative active ratio of public and retail current deposits continued to rise, with private banks achieving a compound increase over the past five years.
Twenty-four per cent, which helps business banks to control the increase in the cost of the end of the debt. Over the past five years, the average compound increase in the revenue from the fees of business banks has been only 6 per cent. Of these, 10 per cent, 14 per cent, and 14 per cent, respectively, have been in bank cards, personal and private banking, equity and guarantee and commitment operations.
Business contributions are close to 60%. The new rules will limit the expansion of property. So, the income from the surcharge is short-term. But, now that the business banks have set aside funds, insurance, leasing, and debt swaps, the diversified layout will gradually release profits.
Taking into account the potential rewind pressure and the impact of rising default rates, we measure that there is a capital gap in business at this time. Current valuation dynamics in business banks pb0.95x. Current equity ratios are around 4%.
2. Low ratio of high-risk loans and non-valued assets, lower share of high-risk open loans with less regulated shocks, lower percentage of SME loans per year, in terms of industry structure of BBC-type loans over the past five years, manufacturing, wholesale retailing, housing
The share of low-risk loans representing high-risk exposures in the real estate industry and construction continued to decline, from 27 per cent in 2013 to 18 per cent in 2017. The share of low-risk openings, represented by the delivery of warehousing, electricity heat gas and aquatic production and supply, continued to rise, from 29 per cent in 2013.
By the end of 2017, banking institutions had a loan balance of 30.7 trillion yuan for micro-enterprises, representing 25% of the total loan balance. Small and medium-sized enterprises in business banks had a loan balance of 5.17 trillion yuan.
The share of loans in the corporate category was 58%, with 33% for medium-sized enterprises and 25% for micro-enterprises. However, the share of loans in the SME-lending group did not rise significantly compared to the previous five years. Moreover, the balance of loans in the micro-enterprise sector was $222 trillion.
The share is only 16 per cent, 9 percentage points lower than the industry average of 25 per cent by the end of 2017. In the current context of the domestic economic structure and the tightening of financing, the share of large-scale enterprise loans is higher than that of large-scale SMEs in business banks.
By the first quarter of 2018, business banks had a negative rate of 1.54 per cent, down 0.01 percentage points from the end of the previous year. Provision coverage was 174.51 per cent, an increase of 20.44 percentage points from the end of 2017.
The amount of untied assets in Table 2.2.1 represents 1.1 per cent of total assets, and the average value of listed banks is 5.1 per cent. By the end of 2017, the total number of interests in structured subjects initiated by third-party institutions was 3271.
One hundred million yuan, of which 29.18 billion yuan is for property, asset management and trust schemes, representing only 2.10 per cent of the loan balance compared to 2016, below the average of 10 per cent of the banks listed in the same period, 1.1 per cent of the total asset size and 5.1 per cent of the average of banks listed in the same period, corresponding to the five main lines.
The average level of 1% is roughly the same, at about 200 million yuan. But the asset management plan and the trust plan have increased, respectively, and by the end of 2017, extra-principal loans from business banks stood at 1.33 trillion yuan, representing the balance of loans in the same table.
9.6 per cent, below the average of 10.9 per cent for the industry for the same period, and as a proportion of total assets in the table, figure 6.
Pou Fat Bank, Zhang Jia Hong Kong Bank, Guiyang Bank
Hangzhou Bank, Grand Bank, Jiangyang Bank.
The Bank of Nanjing has been using the trust loan as a channel to work with bond dealers since June 2010, when the Banking Supervisory Board called off its banking cooperation business. The Central Bank issued China ' s Financial Stability Report (2014), as of late 2013.
Compared data on the proportion of loans commissioned by 11 banks in the last 10 years, compared with those in the past 10 years. The total amount of loans commissioned by the 11 banks in 2013 and the end of 2014 was expanded rapidly.
Figure 7. Percentage of bank-commissioned loans as a percentage of loans in the table. Figure 8.11 Bank-commissioned loans increase at an average rate, based on the growth rate of loans commissioned by the 11 banks and the ratio of loans entrusted as a percentage of the balance of loans in the table.
After 11 bank boards in 2013, the percentage of loans commissioned by 11 banks as a percentage of loans on the table rose to 18.2%, while the number of business banks was only 9%, which is significantly lower than the industry average. Considering business development needs and trends in industry,
It is expected that some $400 billion in loans from business and industry banks will be invested in non-target business through a partnership of silver certificates.
By the end of 2017, the balance of assets held by commercial and commercial banks had reached $301 trillion, representing 10.2 per cent of the balance of property held by banking and financial institutions and 2.67 trillion yuan of non-containable funds held by large State-owned banks, representing 88.5 per cent of the remaining balance of property held throughout the industry.
The rapid development of non-containable finance over the last four years has resulted in an average of 81 per cent of non-insurable finance, which is higher than the average industry value of 9 percentage points (72 per cent of the average industry value).
The balance of the assets of the non-standardized claims for financial investment is at any point capped at 35% of the balance of the property and 4% of the total assets disclosed in the previous year’s audit report of the commercial banks.
The size of the model does not exceed 1.04 trillion yuan.The total size of the non-target assets of the business banks is about 1.5 trillion yuan, representing 11.21% of the total loans in the table and 5.97% of the total assets.
Business banks have sufficient capital and no capital deficit.3 Deposits account for more than 80 per cent of total liabilities and the ratio of public deposits continues to rise
In addition to the higher stability factor for general deposits under the new liquidity regulations, the overall demand for traditional general deposits is higher. In order to ensure the stability of deposits, the trend towards the periodicization of current deposits is that deposit customers depend largely on services and products.
Loans and additional services depend heavily on retail customer deposits, which depend mainly on products, especially high interest rates. As storage costs rise, the steady growth of public customer deposits is significant for stabilizing the overall cost of the bank’s debt.
The impact on banks is relatively small. 3.1 Deposits remain above 80 per cent of total liabilities, 8 percentage points above the industry average.
Nearly three percentage points down, but the proportion remains above 80%, significantly higher than the average of 72% for the same period. If you take into account the balance sheet and the structural deposits, the ratio is close to 82%. Moreover, the three percentage points down, all of which are sold and bought back.
The addition, i.e., to ease short-term pressure on the end of the debt by integrating funds into the open market. In the first quarter of 2018, business bank deposits grew by 5.1 per cent from the end of 2017, roughly at the same rate as the average increase in the five major lines.
3.2 The relative active ratio of public deposits continues to rise, in terms of the structure of the bank ' s deposits, the relative share of active corporate deposits continues to rise, and from late 2012 the proportion of demand deposits in corporate deposits is higher than time deposits, even if the interest rate on corporate current deposits is higher.
It is twice the current interest rate on individual deposits, making the interest rate on company-type deposits lower than that on individual deposits of 1381,000 households.
Business and industry banks have shown a steady growth trend in equity over the past five years, with a 24 per cent compound increase. The accelerated growth of public intermediates has increased firm-to-public deposits. In addition, credit resource constraints have increased demand for collateral and committed business, and related business revenues have grown faster.
3.3 Retail deposit demand ratios have continued to rise, with private banks growing 24 per cent at a compound rate of 24 per cent over the past five years. By the end of 2017, retail deposits had stood at $8.38 trillion, of which 46 per cent were in demand and 54 per cent were in term deposits. The share of demand deposits has continued to rise over the past 10 years, from 36 per cent in 2007.
By the end of 2017, Internet financial transactions amounted to $646 trillion, accounting for 94.86 per cent of total business transactions, an increase of 2.86 percentage points over 2016. The number of individual clients reached 567 million, representing a compound increase over the past five years.
Billion dollars, representing $136.4 billion in personal insurance sales. 4; short-term pressure on intermediate operating income and long-term diversification of intermediate operating income from 4.1 remain under short-term pressure.
In the last five years, the average compound increase in revenues from business and banking charges has been only 6%. Among these, the growth rate in bank cards, personal financial management and private banking, financial management and guarantee and commitment operations has been 10%, 14%, and capital banking and asset hosting, respectively.
Close to 60 per cent, with 38 per cent of individual and private bank contributions and 21 per cent of corporate financial contributions; followed by 36 per cent of silver card operations.
In addition to the impact of industry cost relief, in recent years there has indeed been a significant increase in the financial management of business banks, from $1 trillion at the end of 2012 to $3 trillion at the end of 2017, which has had a negative impact on the growth in the size of banking operations.
At that time, the transformational requirements of net value management will prompt banks to accelerate the development of new products to replace existing ones.
In the long term, the growth point of the intermediate business is mainly the expansion of investment operations represented by diversification and securitization of assets. In terms of the layout of the business banks, it is still at the advanced stage.
It is structured. It currently holds 80% of the shares of the SWF, 60% of the shares of the SWF and 60% of the SWF, as well as the SBS Financial Lease and Financial Assets Investment Corporation (opened in September 2017, the first bank to transfer its debt to an implementing agency).
In 2017, they achieved $1.84 billion, $3.57 billion, or $620 million in net profits, respectively. In 2017, the agency sales fund and the state debt totalled $988.5 billion, and the average interest rate of the business bank over the last 10 years was 38.5 per cent, if based on the shares of the previous day.
The average interest rate is 4.57%. We predict that in 2018, the company's pss.83, according to the sound, we measure that there is no current capital deficit in business. The current value of the business bank is now pb0.95x, and the current share rate is about 4.8%. We believe that as financial markets are opened up faster, we will be able to make a difference.
The accelerated inflow of funds from abroad has provided favourable conditions for an upscaling of the value of the bank unit.