The Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre now returns $3.08 billion in net profit to the mother, an increase of 23.8 per cent in the same year, and $2.73 billion in net profit to the non-return to the mother.
This represents an increase of 12.9 per cent, of which the company earned $5.84 billion in three quarters, an increase of 15.2 per cent over the same period; the return to the mother, short-term pressure on earnings, and better cost-rate control. In the first three quarters of 2022, the company ' s Māori/net interest rate was the same as the rate of 1 pp/+1.8 pp/+1 pp, with an increase in financial costs due to increased exchange losses and interest expenditure during the reporting period.
• General automation operations have grown steadily, and the integrated layout plc has worked well. During the first three quarters of 2022, the company ' s general automation operations received $16.24 billion, an increase of 21.7 per cent compared to 21.7 per cent, and, in particular, plc&hmi, $980 million, an increase of 84.6 per cent compared to $3.06 billion.
Against the background of the downside of the industrial-control industry, the Division, thanks to the industry’s champions of deep technology and high-quality customer resources, still has a bright track record in general automation operations, and the market share is expected to rise further. New-energy automobiles continue to grow at a strong pace, with subsidiaries being marketed for long-term development.
The company's new energy automobile business, which generated $3.27 billion, a 83.3 per cent increase in the same year, has grown rapidly. According to the data released in the New Age, the company has about 276,000 electric-controlled machines in January-August, representing 8.3 per cent of the city, maintaining the third-highest level in the industry. In August 2022, the company's wholly-owned subsidiary, Suzhou, had a combined power system in Suzhou.
Companies are authorized to initiate in-country listing preparations, which will take full advantage of the function of direct capital market financing, further consolidate and upgrade the combined power market position, competitive advantage and brand influence, with a view to helping the combined power to become the global top-notch solution for new energy motors and power product systems.
1. Segawa technology (300124): q2 perform well, €36.770 billion, and the net return profit for the next three years will remain at a compound growth rate of 25.4%.
The trend has been further expanded, the process of national production substitution has accelerated, more operations have been opened, and “holding” ratings have been maintained.
Price escalation risk: Increased competition in the new energy car market, resulting in a lower level of profitability. 3. Sinkuan technology (3000124): Companies operate well, new Novo has never been, and will not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.