Synchrome technology (300124.sz) inter-district operation (tradingbuy) performed as expected and industrial controls and new energy vehicle operations continued to function
Dollars, 20.2 per cent more than year-on-year; net return of $1.11 billion more than year-on-year growth of 21.1 per cent; non-purchasing of non-net profits Growth in the performance of national production-substitution support workers: at a slower pace in the industry, companies benefit from the pre-industrial build-up of a strong demand, based on “a guarantee of delivery, a national brand of champions, a multi-product mix of products”
In the first three quarters of the company's general automation, $8.323 billion was collected, representing an increase of 21.7 per cent.
With 3,063 million yuan, the universal server system earns 3,638 million yuan and the plc&hmi earns 979 million yuan; the electric fluid system earns 351 million yuan; and 2) the elevators generated 3,826 million yuan in the first three quarters of the elevators, a decline of 2.48 per cent compared to the previous three quarters, mainly affected by the epidemic and the real estate market, resulting in a decline in demand in the elevator sector.
3) The rapid growth of industrial robots in the last three quarters, with a recovery of $403 million, an increase of 39.79 per cent over the previous three quarters, is mainly due to the expansion of the company's field of operations in the field of radiation, while servicing large clients in the areas of service 3c, silicone crystals, lithium electricity etc., in the fields of medicine, automobiles, electronics, packaging, general electrical appliances etc.
4) In the first three quarters of the first quarter of rail traffic, 280 million yuan was collected, a decrease of 35.77 per cent in the same year, mainly affected by recurrent outbreaks. On a quarterly basis, 22q3 general automation generated 2,685 million yuan, a 16 per cent increase in the same year, with robust business performance.
Positive growth. We believe that firms are expanding their emerging industries in a timely manner, with a steady increase in the share of cities, in the context of long-term benefits from domestic manufacturing upgrading, national production substitution and process automation, while keeping new products up to market demand, and that industrial control operations are likely to continue to grow at a higher rate.
The new energy automobile business continued to work: during the previous three quarters, the new energy automobile business had a revenue of $3.265 billion, an increase of 83.3 per cent over the previous three quarters, of which $223 had a revenue of $1,256 million, an increase of 44 per cent over the same period, with a 16 per cent increase in the ring.
Second, the growth in the contribution of traditional car-based conglomerates, big gas aion, etc., has been accompanied by rapid growth in orders for products such as electricity-driven, power-controlled, and power. The Māori rate has fallen by 1.52 pct compared to the previous three quarters, with better cost control: the company’s combined Māori ratio is the same as the previous three quarters.
The combined Māori rate for corporate products has decreased by the same year due to the increase in the share of cars, the impact of the epidemic on elevator operations, bulk commodities, and chip prices. Of these, Māori rates of q1, q2 and q3 have resulted in corresponding increases in R&D costs in the third quarter, respectively.
Prospectives for profits: The company, as the leading industry in the domestic industrial and regulatory field, has fully taken advantage of the platform, accelerating market openings and consolidating its position in the areas of general automation and new energy automobiles. We expect net profits for 22, 23 years at $4.2 billion and $5.3 billion, yoy + 18%, etc.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. are not made by individual clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare the report is reliable, but the information in the report has not been independently verified.