Quarterly 2022 forecast: performance meets expectations, lead research assistant Xie Cheol-dong + 10%. q3 is not a recurrent gain or loss due to the impact of q3 government grants and returns on investment, etc.
Amounted to $127 million (US$35 million over the same period), but the impact of the epidemic was relative to the q2 marginal improvement.
The Māori ratio for industrial operations is still slightly higher by about 1 pct.  Universal automation: downstream demand + the epidemic accelerates foreign capital substitution, which is expected to increase by nearly 20%.
We expect 2022q3 Industrial and Control Battalions to be able to build new energy vehicles: short-term loads, traditional cars are beginning to contribute, and we expect a significant reduction this year.
The balance of gains and losses. New power clients are under relative pressure in August-September, but traditional car companies such as the Great Wall, Hiroshima and others are contributing more and more this year, and are expected to have an impact on short-term sales of new power.
Elevators: Beste’s marginal business has improved since the Shanghai epidemic, and is expected to grow in a positive way. Elevators 2022h1 are expected to grow.
Hitchon Technology (300124): reported in 2022 that the company's elevator chain is expected to improve significantly, with a positive growth at the end of the three quarters.
Each year, we expect that the income from the elevator business & profits will be equal. The pressure + the bright performance of q2 below the high base + the net profit from the non-return of the mother is $984 million (+10% of the year).
q3 non-recurrent gains and losses amounted to $127 million (US$35 million over the same period), and the overall non-repatriation factor was consistent with market expectations. The net interest-rate ratio for non-repatriation fell, and Māori for industrial control was expected to rise.
Rapidly ahead of the industrial control business, the share of the low-origin new energy vehicle business is lower than the structural increase in Maori; 2) the rise in employee salaries, the continuing investment in corporate strategies and changes, and the impact of euro fluctuations have led to a corresponding increase in costs. In the case of the industrial control business, the impact of the epidemic has improved relative to the q2 marginal, we believe, as a result of lower prices for large quantities of raw materials, higher prices such as igbt, chips, etc., have been maintained.
General automation: demand for 2022q3 is still weak on the left, while the SWI can accelerate foreign capital substitution through industry ' s lack of supply and epidemic opportunities, which is expected to increase by nearly 20%. According to wise industry data, the overall market for the 2022q2 industry has increased.
Subsistence demand for energy and downstream demand such as eu-plating, petrochemical, etc., has increased in comparison with other traditional industries downstream; (2) FDI performance in the epidemic has remained moderate since q3 and has continued to grow relatively better, and the substitution process has accelerated;
New-energy cars: New-energy cars continue to grow, traditional cars begin to contribute to the momentum, and are expected to significantly reduce the balance of gains and losses this year. New-power clients are under relative pressure from August-September sales, but traditional-car companies such as the Great Wall, the Guangbang, etc. have increased their contribution this year.
As the share rises, and is expected to have an impact on short-term sales of new forces, 2022q3 is expected to continue to grow faster overall. This year’s focus is on warranty delivery, with regular state production full, and two-phase planning, with revenue doubling to $4.5 billion + year-on-year, with profit margins expected to balance.
As a result of the impact of the epidemic, the overall income has fallen, and q3 Bethet has been operating relatively well, we expect a significant improvement in the company elevator chain, a positive increase at the end of the three quarters, and we expect a positive increase in elevator revenue & profit throughout the year.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board