The performance was in line with expectations, with a high rate of growth in the operation of new energy vehicles \triangleright net non-return of $2.730 billion, an increase of 12.93 per cent over the same period; 22q3 achieved revenue in the first quarter
Five hundred and forty-four million yuan, or 15.19 per cent more in the same year; one hundred and ten hundred thousand dollars in the net return to the mother, or 19.48 per cent more in the same year; and the advantages of withholding guaranteed delivery are highlighted and costs are well regulated. Since 2022, the domestic epidemic has been repeated and overtaken by events \triangleright \triangleright \triangleright
The company reacts quickly, guaranteeing the ability of the supply chain to produce and deliver sustainably, and achieves faster income and profit growth. In terms of cost, Deng Young-kang
Strategic operations such as new energy cars, digitization, energy management, etc. with 22q3 R & D costs of 10.2%, general automation city coverage is expected to increase and elevator operations remain stable.
Corporate general automation generated revenue of $8.323 billion, a 22% increase. In the larger context of machine changers and factory automation/intellectualization, there is still much room for growth in products such as company adaptors, server systems, plc, and companies provide industry clients with integrated solutions for “industrial controls and processes”, and the city’s share is expected to continue to rise.
With the expansion of customer resources following the Division’s M&A for Best, the supply capacity of the Integrated Elevator solution is also rising, and the industry’s demand for lifts and other additions is rising, and corporate elevator operations are expected to sustain steady growth. The new energy-borne vehicle operations are expected to grow at a rapid pace, and are expected to be an important support for corporate growth.
\triangleright New Energy Motor Infiltration Rate, company spot-based vehicle release effects, company New Energy Automotive & Power System, in addition, the company ' s Changzhou Plant Phase 1 project has been put into operation and Phase 2 has been initiated for new energy vehicles
Industrial robotics have room for growth. In the first three quarters of 2022, industrial robotics were evaluated on a quarterly basis: Industrial Automation & New Energy Motors.
With an income of 403 million yuan, a 40 per cent increase over the same period, the company’s industrial robotics operations are expected to rise to good development opportunities with the rising cost of labour and the trend of machine-changers. The methodological and analytical logic leads to findings, the present report is presented independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and perspective.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.