The company published three quarterly reports in 2022, with revenues of $16,241 million in the first three quarters, an increase of \triangleright.
The company q3 is under short-term pressure for profit. In the third quarter, $5.844 billion in revenue was achieved, representing a 4 per cent increase in the ring ratio; \triangleright downstream demand is expected to recover and generic automation operations are expected to maintain a higher rate of growth.
The dynamic sector will benefit significantly from the long-term demand growth brought about by the upgrading of domestic manufacturing.
In fact, the company continues to be new, with a new six-axis robot at the ir-r4/ir-rii desktop level, practising number: s15005200900001 and other new products closely following market demand. In our view, the company is expected to benefit from domestic manufacturing.
The general automation operation is expected to increase at a higher rate, including through upgrading. The elevator operation is expected to grow in a positive way, and the external layout is accelerating.
The company's elevator performance has declined. But there are many opportunities at the end of the market, there is an increase in the acceptance of public elevator transformers by multinational firms, an increase in the share of corporate electricity-controlled products in transnational whole-scaling plants, and companies expect better growth in overseas markets.
The dotted markets in South-East Asia, South Asia, the Middle East and Europe, the continuing progress of Hungarian factories and the growing capacity of European customers to deliver locally.
Risk factors: industry demand below expected risk: risk of price volatility of raw materials: new technology development
Building No. 1 of the 9th Alteration Street in the West Side of Beijing City joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which was responsible for research on new energy sectors for electrical equipment, and the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre, which was responsible for research on the new energy vehicles industry.
The China People's University has a Master of Financial Engineering at the University of China, a Bachelor of Financial Engineering at the University of Wuhan, a former research assistant at the Securities and Mechanical Corps, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2022 and was responsible for research in the wind and power equipment industry.
He was a research assistant in the new energy and power equipment industry, Master of Economic Analysis, University of Sydney, Bachelor of Financial Sciences, University of Nakayama, joined the Sino-Daa Securities Research and Development Centre in 2022 and was responsible for research in the new power systems and electrical equipment industry. Sun-yun, Assistant Research Assistant in the New Energy and Power Equipment Industry, Master of Finance, University of Shandong, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2022 and was responsible for new energy sources.
Chen Jie, a member of the team, Master of Accounting, Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2022 to study the lithium electric materials industry. Part of the study is not, is not, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to specific analytical opinions or opinions in this report.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference in investment decisions for this category of clients. Both parties have strict agreement on rights and responsibilities. The present report is only available to the above-mentioned specific clients and is not intended for public publication.
The opinion and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report alone suggest that the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and that historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.