The 2022 restricted equity incentive scheme was launched to stimulate growth potential.
Event: The company released a restrictive equity incentive scheme (draft) for 2022 on 11 February, which is intended to provide incentives to 6,093 employees, including directors, senior managers, core managers, etc. The number of restricted shares to be awarded under this scheme is 81.0807 million, representing the total equity of the company at the time the incentive was signed.
A total of 6093 employees, including directors, senior managers, core managers, core technicians, core operators, etc. The company has previously issued a restrictive equity incentive scheme for 2019 with incentives ranging from directors, senior managers, core managers, core technicians, etc.
914 people. Compared to 2019, the company ' s restrictive equity incentive scheme of 2022 has been considerably expanded in scope. A wider range of incentives can effectively motivate employees to work, tied to February 11, 2022.
The purpose of the Restricted Stock Incentives Program is to give new impetus to the company’s follow-up. The company’s current stimulus program grants two accounting years, 2022-2023, for the first time.
Each fiscal year. The performance assessment targets are based on a 2021 stock of raw pig sales by roe (ttm) and the establishment of a corporate incentive mechanism has given new impetus to the company’s subsequent development and has been beneficial to the company.
Focusing on the process of degenerativeization, the company actively seized the point of the pig cycle. In 2021, the number of pig production was 4,026.3 million, an increase of 122.26 per cent from the previous year, and the number of pig production was the highest in the industry. With the expansion of pig production, prices have declined rapidly since 2021, and pig-producing enterprises were found to be common in the third quarter of 2021.
As the leader of the pig-breeding industry, the company achieved a positive increase in operating income in 2021 on the basis of a competitive advantage. In 2021, the business income of the pig-breeding business was $75.9 billion, an increase of 36.27 per cent over the previous year.
As the leader of the pig-breeding industry, the company ' s 2022 restrictive stock incentive scheme (draft), which combines employee interests with corporate interests, stimulates workers ' motivation and contributes to the achievement of corporate strategic goals.
This rating system, the “market index” refers to 300 indexes.
This report is presented independently and objectively, and to the best of their knowledge, in a professional and diligent manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, and asset management companies. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.