Incentives for equity have highlighted development confidence, with a prominent advantage in the case of Shinhara (002714.sz) event, where restrictive stock incentive schemes (drafts) were issued in 2022.
The Equity Incentives project highlights the 2022 restricted stock boom announced by the Future Development Confidence Corporation, which plans to award $81.0807 million in restricted shares, which account for the company's total equity.
A total of 6093 people, including directors, executives, central management of the company (a controlling subsidiary) Expansion of incentives from 915 to 6093, full mobilization of core talent, effective integration of shareholder interests, corporate interests and the individual interests of the operator, and internal management effectiveness
The company, while maintaining a high growth in pig production, produces a full cost that is seasonally running, and we estimate that its full cost will fall from $16.1/kg to $14.8/kg/q4 in 21 years. Companies have significant costs compared to industry-wide firms.
Cost advantages are one of the core concerns in the process/draw-down process of the pig cycle, and the Department has a significant comparative advantage. A new cycle of up-to-date pigs is being developed to see the company develop a new cycle of pigs in the future.
Since October 21, there has been a gradual increase in interest. We believe that we are in the process of going to the bottom of the second search. The ability to produce pigs will continue, and the prices of pigs will go through the bottom of the earth.
In February, there was an increase in losses. So, for pig prices, we waited for the end of the year, two visits. And for investment attributes, this is the best time to be configured. We anticipate that the company's 22 years of birth will continue to grow and add costs to the trend of gradual optimization.
Investments suggest that companies grow up in pig-breeding industries with high growth rates, cost advantages, and are much more resilient to risks during the down-of-pig cycle. We're already in the fourth quarter of 21 years.
(b) The risk of fluctuations in the prices of piglets;
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.