The cool tea business has improved efficiency, the medicine plate is stable, and we're in the middle of it, Mahobo.
The company upgrades its cold tea products, develops sugar-free, low-sugar products, focuses on health concepts, and meets the needs of consumers for diversification.
The average red can, sold over a billion dollars last year, is expected to increase its share of the market in many future channels. Green Box Wang Ji's cold tea is currently less than 1 billion, has low levels of profitability, and the main influences the propensity of the channel if the share is contested. The green box is close to 2 billion at its peak.
The amount of income is more than 40% of the Māori rate. After the equity dispute is resolved, the company probably recovers the equity, and the green box works in the same way as the red can. It's expected to create good synergy with Wang Ji's share, balance of profits, boosts, synergies.
With the contraction of fees and a marked change in competition in the industry, we conclude that Wang Jing may have sought a balance between the market share and profits in 17 years: on the one hand, increasing the market share in favour of gradually gaining voice and pricing rights, on the other hand, 17 years in the Quality Benefits Year, which is required.
In March, the company raised prices by reducing concessions by about 5%, covering the cost increase. The source learned that the intent of the premium charge was clear and could lead to a win-win situation for two companies.
In the pharmaceutical business, there are three parts of the medicine, Chinese medicine, biopharmaceuticals, and biopharmaceuticals.
The latter, though low, should be the main thrust of the future; the large business blocks could be expanded through M&A pharmaceutical companies and retail pharmacies, and while the Mäori rate of only 6 per cent was not very profitable, it was expected that the profit contribution would increase as the scale expanded; and the major medical care was still in its initial stages, with the intention of changing public hospitals.
It looks for new opportunities, and plans to provide for old age, medical machinery, and so on. Overall, there is a steady and steady growth in the medical plate.
The company has received over $700 million in compensation for the demolition of the site, and the public administration has included about 1,000 acres of land in the government's relocations or renovations, which are likely to be sustained in the future.
The drop + the China Wei Gor Dragon + the shift to high equity, the slowdown in cool tea competition will lead to a double increase in Wang Jing City and net interest rates, a high rate of single gold and a steady rise in the medical plate as a whole, sufficient cash on the company's books for the future.
With the expectation of M & As, which maintains the "buy-in" investment rating, Dong Wu Securities Inc., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, already has a securities investment advisory committee