10 Nan Pharmacies, equal net gain, 20 cool, Mahobo incident: 1 q2017 was published a quarterly report, yielding business income of $5.29 billion, compared to the same amount
Millions of yuan, equivalent to +17.3 per cent of the same year, increased the income from the healthy Great South drug, with a slight decline in business. In conjunction with research, 1) 1 q q q = about 2.2 to 23 billion, + 5 to 10 per cent of the same year, the average price was equal, with the spring boom.
Quarterly promotions (including advertising and sales concessions) are stronger. A combination of competitions shows that Wang Lao Jie has a slightly higher average price than the competition, a shorter inventory cycle than the competition, a 16-year-old upward trend in market ownership, channels and brand layout, and a consistent trend towards better competition.
The impact of related policies, such as pharmaceutical separation, has put pressure on some product bidding prices, but the overall income growth has slowed, and the implementation of a two-count system will take time to determine the large business impact, but large businesses have a low share of both income and profits, with a more limited impact.
2q Big Health Cost Control + Price Control, Increase Growth. 1q Wang Jing net interest rate, fixed cost prices such as aluminium cans, slightly increased raw materials and package materials, combined with higher costs compared to other payables (principally pre-arranged sale discounts)
The increase in the ring ratio by 400 million yuan can be seen; 4) 17 years of the highest profit test indicators, 20% + profit on the same year, and the increase in Gingo. In conjunction with the research, the increase in the profit on the drug by more than 20%, two years of adjustment and 16 years of concentration on social stocks.
The 1q17 inventory has been digested, and the increase in the Māori ratio + better cost control has led to faster profits. Gingo has grown by 70% over 16 years, and 1q income has increased by around +33%, continuing its high growth.
Research shows that the company and some of its subsidiaries will reduce their income tax to a 15% preferential income tax rate for 16 years and 16 years as a result of deferred income tax.
Incentives - 20100228
The 17-year preferential income tax rate effect highlights this finding. The White Cloud Hills Annual Report points out that the 17-year cold tea competition has slowed and net interest rates have stagnated.
A slowdown in cool tea competition will lead to a double increase in the share of Wang Old Gil City and a net interest rate; a single high-speed gold medallion; a single high-speed white cloud mountain: a cool tea business efficiency, medicine; growth; an overall recovery in the size of the medical plate; and sufficient cash on the company's books for the future.
The Board is well-established — 20170416 — with merger expectations, maintaining a "buy-in" investment rating.