The heat will drive cool tea to be sold, and the price will be raised.
In order to break down the development bottlenecks, Wang Gui introduced sugar-free and low-sugar tea in November 16, which was sold in the same year.
Zhang Woo-gwang is worth 100 million. It will be promoted in the catering and gift markets for 17 years, targeting white collars and healthy consumers, in line with rising consumption trends, helping to increase average prices and profits.
Rate level. The pet bottle master is in the drinking market, which, unlike the canned consumption scene, can lead to an increase. No energy before, natural growth; 16 years of repackaging (like the thin waist bottle of the Guangzhou Tower), with an increased focus, 17 years of operations. And green.
Wang Jie's case is getting closer, and guessing that the likely rate of incorporation into the listed company during the year will further boost Wang Jing City's growth rate. The reduction of channels has led to a downward trend in the cost rate.
Po has taken the lead in controlling the contraction, making it possible for Wang Jianji to cut down on the channel: on the one hand, by reducing the purchase of gifts in order to increase the real average value out of the plant; on the other hand, it is possible to cut down the channel to increase the current profit rate; and on the other hand, the company now has two major titles: We're 17, Ming.
Advertisement costs are concentrated on a quarterly basis. Advertising placements are mainly associated with cool tea seasons, and are estimated to be slightly above the 1.6 billion-year level in 17 years; management, financial, etc. are not subject to major changes, and revenue growth will reduce the overall cost rate.
Short-term harvests will fluctuate slightly, and net interest rates will improve on a seasonal basis. The increase in sales by Wang q17 and the increase in rain weather in South China in May will have a negative impact on most drinks, including cold tea, and it is expected that the year-round target will be met. The single-month harvest fluctuations will not change the long-term logic.
In 17 years of quality efficiency, Wang Jing's strategy is to balance the level of city occupancy with the net interest rate. Considering the reduction of the discount + product upgrade + the drop in the income tax rate, net interest rate levels are expected to change on a seasonal basis, with a growth rate of about 10% in the drug camps, mainly as a result of the adjustment of channels and the concentration of social savings over the past two years.
The product restructuring + the price increases for individual medicines – the Māori rate is higher than ever; the cost input is largely unchanged and income growth leads to a drop in the cost rate; and the gold medallion is growing high and the market is not seeing strong competitions.
The net profit increase of 20% for the South. These factors have persisted over the past year, and the 17-year net profit increase of the Great South should be reasonably expected at a quarterly level.
White Cloud Hills: 1q Grand Nan Pharmacy, with a 24-fold increase in revenue in 17 years. Monthly harvest fluctuations are long-term positive trends. Consider 20 cold tea drops and faster price increases.
Slower competition for cold tea will lead to double occupancy and net interest rates in Wang Old Gil City; a high rate of growth in the Gingo monolith; a faster growth in the pharmaceutical plate; sufficient cash on the company's accounts of $13.4 billion; and future and future gains in the White Cloud Hills: the cold tea industry and net interest rates on the company.
The dot + the China Wei Gor Dragon + the Stock Exchange High Incentive, and Dong Wu Securities Inc., with the approval of the China Securities Supervisory Board, already has a portfolio investment advisory.