Cost control is good, and the year's speed is expected - White Cloud Mountain's first quarterly review in 2017, and the company's revenue was $5,288 million in the first quarter of 2017, an increase of 4.69 per cent over the same period; it's part of the net market.
The profit was $485 million, an increase of 18.41 per cent in the same year; the net gain of $462 million, a growth of $462 million, a growth of the same year, is largely in line with expectations, the business income of the company is expected to grow steadily throughout the year, and the drug plate in the south is expected to pick up at a rate that is expected to pick up again.
Gross interest rates are up by 3 percentage points from last year, and business costs are well controlled. Profit increases are higher than revenue increases, sales fees and management costs are well controlled, reflecting companies’ demand for a profit test, inspired by state-owned reforms and employee ownership.
The firm’s downward trend is clear, the elasticity of large-health operations and the pace of development of the industries will be reflected this year, and the overall picture is expected to be higher and higher. The Great South tablet is expected to be restructured, with greater potential for growth.
Compared to the trend of Deep 300, the Unit has a large stock of product lines with a large variety of Chinese medicines, a large range of antibiotics and other new and developed varieties, such as Gingo. 16 years of sales revenue amounted to $400 million, and end-market sales are expected to reach over $1 billion.
There is still much room for consumption to release. Several unique or potential species, such as living pills, Quint Clan capsules, and snake cochin-chole-shelf capsules, are expected to grow into priority varieties for the last 17 years. The company’s management changes and inventory clean-up for the pharmaceutical industry are almost complete, and there is much room for improvement in the future in terms of marketing integration, priority variety development, etc.
There is still a great potential for growth in the South. \triangleright \triangleright
Last year’s price war in the cold tea market led to a decline of 3.63 percentage points in the company’s health rate, which had an impact on both income and profits. As competition stabilized, the company now tried to raise prices at the beginning of the year, and profit levels were expected to rise back, and there was still much room for raising prices.
Marketing in the market has increased and the market share is expected to rise gradually. Companies have also introduced low- and sugar-free products, upgraded products, and expanded to other beverages markets, such as walnuts, to promote the overall development of healthy businesses.
“Very recommended” rating. Excessive price reductions for medicines: sales of priority varieties below expectations: low performance of the cold tea market; Research Assistant: Monszür
Re: The low performance has passed and the growth rate is expected to reflect the company ' s forecast of financial statements, Marko, graduated from the University of Nankai in 2011 to undertake a strategic study. From 2014 to date, it has been converted to research in the electricity industry.
Liu Xing, Research Assistant, Master of Clinical Medicine, Bachelor of Pharmacology, Ministry of Medicine, Beijing University, joined the People’s Student Securities in June 2015. Menzzu, Bachelor of Economics, Beijing University of Aeronautics and Space, and Fbba, Yangjiang School of Business, joined the People’s Security in 2016 for food and beverage research.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,