Shunfung Holdings (002352.sz) Inter-district operations
In May, in the traditional light season of the express delivery industry, the total volume of business completed by the industry grew by 24.9 per cent, compared with 86.42 billion yuan, compared with a 12 per cent increase in business income. The volume of business performed by the smooth delivery was 868 million, compared with 36 per cent growth in the previous year.
On the one hand, there has been an increase in disposable income among the urban population on the three-to-four-line, especially since the beginning of the year, with low spending on home purchases, catching up with currents, increasing the willingness to buy high-end goods, adding to the epidemic's stimulus network, and a combination of products.
On the other hand, with low-end express mail and the strong entry of polar rabbits, companies have grown faster in some of their operations targeting lower prices for preferential items, with the launch of a high-speed network at the end of 2020 (a coalition model) with lower unit and transit costs than “specialized” ones.
According to the company, the grid broke by an average of 1 million days in the two-way 11-year period of 2020, with a current business volume of between 1 million and 2 million days. The breakdown of courier products and the sharing of resources across different product lines, the company’s future power suppliers remain strong and their business is expected to remain strong.
A 70 per cent increase in supply chain operations has accelerated diversification: 951 million yuan in May, an increase of 76.11 per cent over the previous year.
New operations such as express, cold and pharmaceutical services and compatriots account for 28.24% of the company’s total revenue. On May 28, Hinyo Holdings released a report on the merger of the subsidiaries and the city’s business to Hong Kong.
It has been revealed that business with the city is at a high rate of growth, with a net profit of $4.84 billion in 2020, and Shunfeng has increased its share share from 65.46% to 66.76%, with an estimated value of $10.9 billion.
Financial support for business development, sustained consolidation and enhancement of co-operation core resources, increased branding of new business visibility and market influence. Acquisition of Gary Logistics to accelerate internationalization: A recent Happiness announcement that a partial offer is proposed
The data show that, as of 2020, Carri ' s logistics operations cover 59 countries and territories around the world, with more than 10,000 self-owned vehicles and 74 million square feet of logistics facilities and an absolute leadership position in international logistics operations in the Asia-Pacific region.
This is followed by strengthening the coverage of overseas operations, upgrading overseas logistics transit capacity, improving the capacity of smooth integrated logistics solutions and effectively complementing the resources and capabilities of firms in international freight forwarding, customs clearance, etc., and further enhancing the competitive advantage of smooth international cross-border freight.
Increased rapid-yielding energy distribution: up to RMB 20 billion is proposed for fast-moving equipment automation, Iozhou Airport Transit Centre, digital supply chain programmes, land transport capacity, acquisition of shipping materials, maintenance and remedial flow, building intelligent networks for land-based aviation power, and helping companies to grow demand at a rapid rate.
In the highly competitive express delivery sector, core barriers are constantly being enhanced through differentiated products and services.
The fourth specialized global cargo airport will lead to the improvement of the structure of the smooth air network, resulting in an increased loading rate and a centralized allocation of resources, which will help to open the floor space for the cost of single tickets. In addition, Shunfeng currently owns 66 full cargo planes, three-thirds of the total number of total domestic cargo aircraft.
First, the share of smooth air cargoes in the country ' s civil aviation traffic has steadily increased, reaching 1,672,500 tons in 2020, or 25 per cent of the country ' s cargo volume, with a target of 38.26 million tons of air cargo for 2045, leaving much room for improvement in the future.
Profit projections: At the same time as the volume of business continues to grow, it shapes itself through three main dimensions: network layout, cost control, internal management, etc. Companies continue to invest more resources, with short-term profits under significant pressure. In the medium term, as the business matrix continues to improve, they provide security for profit growth.
The report was prepared by the Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investment of the Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by the Group Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. are not personal clients. The report cannot be duplicated or reissued or reprinted or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to compile the report is reliable, but the report has not been independently validated.
The Group Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. and its subsidiaries and associated companies may use or use this report prior to receipt of the report or on the basis of information or research recommended by the House. The Group Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. and any of its directors or their representatives or employees will not be responsible for any damage caused by the use of the report.
The certificate described in the report  has the opinion or the position, or it will be bought, sold or offered the certificate described in the report.