Alumina shares (000807) Non-ferrous metal industry metals.
The company issued a performance forecast for the third quarter of 2017, which projected a net return of about $420 million in January-September, an increase of about 131 per cent in the same year, of which $274 million in profit months was realized in the third quarter.1 The electrolytic aluminum boom made three of the best performances in the first and second quarters of the company, respectively.
The achievement of a net return of $117 million to the mother and $30 million, of which the performance in the second quarter was slightly lower than expected, mainly due to higher costs of raw materials and electricity, such as a rise of more than 10 per cent in bauxite in the second quarter.
The price of the electrolytic aluminium supply and demand environment continues to rise as a result of the contraction to the ground, while the relatively stable nature of the raw material guarantees its high profitability. Specifically, in the three quarters of the Yangtze, the price of the insinuations was $15306 per ton, an increase of 10.9 per cent in the ring value; at the end of the raw material, the imported aluminum.
The three-quarter price ratio for earth and bauxite in the country is largely flat, and the variation of electrolysis aluminum and bauxite deposits in terms of total equity/flow (millions of shares) has ensured a three-quarter profit for the company.
Total market value/flow (millions of yuan)2 Company-wide chain layout for growth: companies are the few furniture in the industry 12 months of the highest/minimum (million yuan)
One of the companies with an entire aluminium industry chain, with whole-chain product lines such as bauxite, carbon, aluminium oxide, and electrolytic aluminium, continues to extend and purchase resource security capabilities. With respect to aluminium oxide, Mansan has 600,000 tons of production capacity, and Laos has 1 million tons of production.
Eight hundred thousand tons of aluminium oxide in the future or to be expanded to 2.4 million tons; in the case of hydroelectric aluminium, 380,000 tons have been acquired in August, and the next 700,000 tons and 210,000 tons will be released in the future, so that the current 1.2 million tons of electrolytic aluminium will be produced.
With the tons of aromatic carbon project reaching the post-partum stage, the company will have a self-sufficiency rate of more than 100%. Given the continued expansion of electrolytic aluminium supply, the company’s capacity is being released, there is expected to be much room for growth in future corporate performance.
3 - Still looking forward to the reform of the supply side of electrolytic aluminium, while companies will benefit from environmental production restrictions, and the proposed increase: the price of electrolytic aluminium is expected to remain high in the future, environmentally restricted, and the company is expected to be on top of the 9th North Street in Beijing's West Side.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.