Phoenix Nezhi, a high-quality company in the power cell industry. For more than 10 years, the company has focused on lithium electricity. In 2018, the power cell load was the top three in the industry. The market for new energy vehicles is now a company.
The number one market, which accounts for more than 50% of the company's installed capacity. The company focuses on the phosphate-based lithium-powered pool technology route and actively sets up three dollars to meet the global wave of car electricization. 2018 new energy vehicles are sold at 1256,000.
Our new energy-car market is already the largest global market, and will continue to grow at a high rate. Our middle-motivated battery industry has become globally competitive, gradually moving overseas, and will be on the world stage in the future.
There's a chance to revive the lithium route. Against a backdrop of a sharp fall in the country's margin, the new energy vehicle industry will accelerate the shift from a “policy-driven” to a “market-driven” approach.
Lines have three main advantages: high security, low cost and long-lived, and are expected to increase penetration in the pure electric passenger vehicle market in terms of total market value/flow (millions of dollars) and in the exclusive electric vehicle.
Phoenix Nei, building core competitiveness. The country values research and development inputs, phosphate lithium power, battery product performance continues to break out, battery bags have energy density of more than 140wh/kg, and is active for three dollars, and the company's high nickel three-dollar soft-packing line will be operational by 2020.
Zhang, with an incentive scheme to share the interests of the employees, offers the investment. Lithium routes are restored, and the country benefits from the heights.
(i) In 2018, the top three industrial players in the power cell loads were established in 2006 and completed their listing in 2015 as a fully-owned subsidiary of the listed company, State High Company Inc. (Ningang High, 002074.sz).
For more than a decade, the company’s main product was power cells, including cores and battery bags. It was mainly used in the new energy car market, and could also be used in the energy storage sector, including the iron tower station, and the power grid cutting peaks.
The company’s downstream customers cover the country’s main automobiles. The new energy-car market, the company’s customers are Jianghuai, the North Gas-New Energy, Chirry, Gilly, etc. The new energy-car market, the company’s customers are China, Shin Long, Ankay, etc. The new energy market, the company’s customers are Hubei Shui Feng, Chiré commercial cars, etc.
In 2018, the number of power cell loads was the top three in the industry. In the company ' s installed volume structure, the share of new energy was more than half in the car market, and the phosphate lithium technology route dominated. According to starting point studies, the power cell in the country grew by 48% in 2018, third in the industry, and the market share was 5.4% lower than in the Ninder era.
The market for new energy vehicles has now become the largest market for corporate products. In 2018, the country installed 1.69gwh on the new energy vehicle market, accounting for 55% of the company ' s total. In addition, 0.8gwh and 0.61gwh, respectively, in the new energy car market and the new energy vehicle fleet, accounting for 26 per cent and 19 per cent, respectively.
According to the true lithium study, in 2018, the company installed phosphate lithium-powered batteries ~3gwh, representing more than 90 per cent of the company's total installed capacity. (ii) The profitability of the country's products returns to the industry average.
In the last two years, the output of company power batteries has grown rapidly, but the price of the product and the company’s efforts to expand the market for new energy vehicles have led to a lower rate of growth in company performance than in the output of company power cells. In the third quarter of 2018, the company achieved a growth rate of 4.1 billion, or 9.1 per cent, compared to the net profit of the mother, which is 660 million, or 3 per cent.
The net profit is $400 million, a 22% decline in the same year. We expect the company to lose ~600 million dollars in the whole year of 2018, compared to the current profitability of the company as the new energy automobile industry grows and the product sizes gradually rises, and the early high Māori rate of the company’s products is not sustainable, leading to a decline in the overall Māori ratio of the company over the last two years.
At present, the main performance of the power cell industry in listed companies is mainly in the Ninder era and in the U.S. High School, and a large percentage of the Lithium primary battery is thought to be in the power cell industry. Since the non-recurring gains and losses of the different public departments vary considerably and are not comparable, we make horizontal comparisons to exclude them.
In the three quarters of 2018, the net interest rate was ~10% below Ningde’s, which is essentially the same as that of Lithium billion latitudes. We believe that the current level of profitability in the high country has returned to the average level of water in the industry, and is expected to remain stable in the future.
ii. In anticipation of the global wave of motor motors (i) the global new energy vehicle competition, which began with our new energy vehicle industry, which began with the "10 Cities and Thousands" project in 2009.
The annual volume of cars sold is less than 5,000, reaching 1256,000 by 2018, a 256-fold increase, cross-border development, and changes in the quality of the country’s new energy vehicle industry. In terms of the structure of the sales, the market for new energy vehicles is now the main source of sales, and it remains high.
Growth. In 2018, the country sold 1,053,000 new energy vehicles, an increase of 82 per cent compared to the previous year, of which 788,000 were electric vehicles, or 75 per cent. The sales of 203,000 new energy commercial vehicles, or 2.6 per cent compared to the previous year, included 196,000 electric commercial vehicles, or 97 per cent.
In addition to our efforts to promote new energy vehicles, overseas markets such as the United States, the European Union, etc., have been actively developing new energy vehicle markets. The United States federal government introduced a new energy vehicle support policy as early as 2006, with personal income tax relief for new energy vehicle consumers, and again in 2008 with the Emergency Economic Stability Act, which has been in place since 2009.
Since 1 January, consumers are entitled to a tax credit of between $2,500 and $7,500 for the purchase of new energy vehicles. And the US states have now introduced a subsidy policy.
35.90 million vehicles, a 79 per cent increase over the same period. In 2018, Tesla sold 189,000 vehicles on the United States mainland, representing 53 per cent of the market share, according to the half-wall market. From the sales list, Teslamodel 3 sold 140,000 vehicles, the second most secure, Toyota Prius, but only 28,000.
Three and four. The sale of new energy vehicles in the United States grew in 2018 relative to 2017 – 160,000 vehicles, while Teslagon contributed – 140,000 vehicles (mainly large deliveries started in 2018 in the Model3) and other cars are moving slowly.
In Europe, the single country market is small and sold less than 100,000 vehicles, for example, in Norway in 2018, with 7.26 million new vehicles, in Germany, with 605,000, and France, with 45.6 million in the lead. Mitsubishi Eurolandphev in the hybrid model is also in the lead.
Our new energy vehicle market is already the largest in the world, and there is still much room for growth. In 2018, our annual share of new energy by car in the global market was more than 50%, making it the world’s largest market.
(ii) Our power cell industry is globally competitive, and our power cell industry is growing rapidly with the increase in the sale of new energy vehicles. In 2010, our power cell capacity reached only 0.2gwh, reaching 57.1gwh in 2018, an increase of more than 280 times, with an average annual composite growth rate of 103 per cent.
In 2017, our high-quality power cell companies, Ningde, Biadi, and Gokry, all succeeded in entering the top ten. Domestic high-quality firms have made breakthroughs in overseas markets, and have increased overseas deployments.
In the German era and in 2017, foreign markets generated 300 million yuan and 150 million yuan respectively, representing 1.6 per cent and 3.1 per cent of corporate principals, respectively, while in the four largest material companies, such as those that promoted technology, the State of New Zeus, the gifted materials, the star-sourced materials, and the Quantais, there were breakthroughs in overseas markets. In 2017, they generated 480 million dollars in overseas markets.
In 2018, leading companies in various sub-sectors of the country signed strategic cooperation agreements with the overseas giants, including: The Lithium Industry signed agreements with lig, Tesla, BMW for the supply of lithium hydroxide: hundreds of millions of latitudes of lithium can enter into strategies with Daimler.
Co-operation agreements; fruton technology has long-term supply agreements with Dymler. These high-quality corporate strategic positionings are home-grown and world-oriented. Electric fluid suppliers in New Zeus state, power cell suppliers in Ningde, and frutin technology are starting to build plants in Europe, and overseas plants are expected to become operational by 2020.
Our high-quality companies in the power cell industry chain already have the global capability to move to the world stage and radically change the supply chain pattern in the traditional car sector. (iii) Domestic market subsidies are downhill, and opportunities for the recovery of lithium are coming up.
Our power cell market is dominated by four technical routes: lithium phosphate ("lithium iron"), triple, lithium manganese acid, and lithium titanium titanium. Lithium manganese acid, due to low energy density and higher cost, accounted for a lower share of the new energy vehicle market.
59.5%. Lithium-propelled battery loads, 21.4gwh, or 37.9%, together accounted for a higher share of the market than three dollars in technical routes, maintained a high rate of growth, while lithium growth fell into a bottleneck. Three-dollar-powered battery loads, 33.5gwh, increased by 119% in 2018. The composite growth rate reached 141% in 2014-2018.
Figure 19: Our power cell delivery structure, titaniumate, manganese acid, 2018
Lithium phosphate, but at this point in time, we believe that the technical route of lithium phosphate is another opportunity to develop. Compared with the trinity technology, the energy density of the lithium phosphate cell is low, but it has three advantages: high safety, low cost, and low cost.
Long-term life. In the context of the sharp fall in subsidies, car companies are expected to have significant penetration rates in the pure electric car market and the pure electric car a00 class market, based on cost and safety considerations. The pure electric car market has already increased penetration of the phosphate lithium from 5% in March 18th year to 18th year.
By the end of the year, more than 50%. In 2018, the penetration rate for the pure electric car market was 45%, and it is expected to continue to increase in 2019. The pure electric vehicle a00 level market (renewed 300 km), which is based on scenario assumptions, increases from 36kwh to 37.5kwh, with the power cell technology route being converted from three to lithium, and increases from 36kwh to 37.5kwh.
Ten thousand dollars is reduced to $394,000, reducing the average bicycle cost by $3,800. We expect that, after the switch of a00-grade pure electric cars from three dollars to the lithium route, even if the bicycles are replaced by the state – 2,000 dollars, the company will probably switch to the lithium route based on a combination of cost considerations.
In 2019, according to our calculations, our phosphate lithium battery load is expected to exceed 30 gwh, with a 45% increase in industry. And in 2018-2022, the combined growth rate of the phosphate lithium power cell load is expected to exceed 30%.
iii. National High School, Phoenix, building core competitiveness (i) R & D: Lithium concussion. Three-dollar savings. National High School focuses on the development and manufacture of new energy vehicles.
It is located in Hoyot, Shanghai, Silicon Valley, Japan, and Bohong, Germany. The company ' s Fertilizer Engineering Research Institute has a full-scale research and development capability in materials, batteries, systems, manufacturing, certification, etc., and has acquired a national centre of recognized enterprise technology, a national post-doctoral research workshop, a national cnas accreditation laboratory, an Angma Academy staff station, and Angma engineering project.
Figure 23: Distribution of the five major research and development centres around the world, Kuang High School, Figure 24: Functions of the National High School of Fertilizer Research, which is run by the U.S. National Institute of Overseas Studies.
Yearly, 2017, 2018 US$10 million, US$2365 million, US$15 million. Currently US$50 million in capital is registered. US$80 million is invested in building and perfecting the United States Silicon Valley bms Institute, the Japanese Materials Research Institute, and the European Electric Technology and Control Institute. At the end of 2017, US dollar assets stood at ~80 million, net.
In 2017, the US dollar earned $1.88 million in operating income, which basically balanced the gains and losses. In the first three quarters of 2018, the U.S. invested $210 million in R & D, representing 5.2% of operating income, and more than a thousand technologists, including more than 70% of M.A. and Ph.D. graduates.
A major project. The company's national priority research and development programme, New Energy Motors, focuses on research and development and integration applications for high-safety, high-energy lithium ion battery systems in 2016, and research and development and integration applications for high-energy lithium ion batteries in 2017.
In recent years, the energy intensity of the company's lithium phosphate core has increased significantly. In 2019, the energy density of the gas core was 190wh/kg, based on 75% of the output.
The group rate is more than 140wh/kg of the energy density of the lithium battery package. The current domestic commercial trio battery package can have a mass density of 160wh/kg. The company ' s lithium battery has been able to replace part of the trio battery market.
In 2016, the company successfully developed the Vda (German Auto-Industries Association) Standard Triple Battery, and co-developed the North Volcano ec180, Chiries 15, and the Volkswagen 12e. The company is currently responsible for a major deal with the Ministry of Science and Technology, and the ready sample of the $3811 soft package has been examined by the Ministry of Science and Technology in the medium term, with energy density of 302.
(ii) Industry: accelerate expansion and deepen the layout.
Our power cell industry has moved from “wide expansion” to “done expansion.” From the entire meso-motivated battery market, 2015 was the best year in the industry. Our power cell loads reached 15.7gwh. in 2015, a corresponding increase of 324%, while the consumer battery market grew in size over more than a decade, with a total of 30-40gwh.
In mid-2016, the power cell industry began to expand rapidly. But with the introduction of the new government subsidy policy from 2017 to 2018, the state has adopted a subsidy policy that fosters excellence, the share of the power cell market is concentrated in leading companies, and the industry is moving to a rational phase of expansion.
In 2018, a new round of expansion was opened. The company’s cash flow statement “purchases of fixed assets, intangibles, and other long-term assets” basically reflected the company’s expansion.
Cash payments for the purchase of fixed assets, etc. are almost equal to those in 2016. But companies purchased fixed capital in the first three quarters of 2018.
And on 5 January and 14 January 19 19th, the Jinjiang and Nanjing factories signed a contract for the purchase of 563 million yuan in lithium electric equipment with winning technology. We found that the phosphate lithium power cell was highly productive after nearly two years of product technology upgrades.
The company is expected to continue expanding in 2019. And the company’s expansion in 2018 is expected to grow gradually, contributing to an increase in performance in 2019.
In April and November 2018, the company issued $500 million in green bonds at 6.5 per cent and 7.5 per cent, respectively, upstream raw materials, deeper industrial layout, guaranteed supply of raw materials, and reduced costs. Lithium phosphate material, which enables the company to produce its own product.
In the area of diaphragms, companies have formed a joint venture with star material, with a share of 30%. In addition, the company has set up a joint venture with China Metal Engineering Group Ltd. (which belongs to the China Five Minerals Group, which effectively controls the State Treasury Committee of the State Council) to guarantee the supply of the company ' s tri-dollar material front-loading 30%.
(iii) Employees: Equity incentives, benefit-sharing. In December 2018, the company announced an incentive scheme for employee holding.
Including directors of the company (excluding independent directors), senior managers and shares that the board of directors has determined to have an outstanding contribution to the development of the company, the purchase price is 50 per cent of the average repurchase price. 16 days of repurchase of shares and cumulative repurchase of shares through the company ' s stock buyback account in the form of a centralized bid
In addition, the company’s actual controllers, executives, have directly increased the company’s shares in the secondary market. The company’s actual controllers, Li Xing, held 1.74 million shares in April–May 2018.
In 2018, the company's power cell loads were among the highest in the industry, and there was a clear competitive advantage in the pure electric car a00-class market and the pure electric car speciality market. The company's focus was on research and development, and lithium technology continued to break out, becoming a “warplane” on the iron and lithium route, and the company's nickel-high three-dollar soft package product.
So far, the company has started a new round of expansion, and has implemented an incentive program with its staff, Phoenix, and Flying. We look forward to the development of the country's high school, and we expect the company to return to Phoenix in 2019.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report