Tail cement (600585.sh) 2023: sales are up in reverse and red rates are maintained at a higher level
In addition, industrial competition has intensified, cement prices have been affected, and performance continues to be under pressure. Sales have risen slightly. Business such as bone has steadily increased.
By region, as a result of falling prices on a year-on-year basis, domestic income fell to varying degrees across regions, but as the overseas distribution market network continued to improve, offshore project companies achieved income of $4.67 billion, compared to +17.8 per cent and sales of +14.9 per cent, and the Māori rate of 30.1 per cent, compared to +3.3 pp.
Lower prices suppress profit, cash flows remain strong and red rates maintain high levels. 2023 Consolidated, Conch Cement (600585.sh) 2023, mid-point review: Underperformance, due to a decline in accounts, inventory, advance payments, etc. at the beginning of the year; money funds and payments as of the end of the year
Girconium (600585.sh)-2022: marginal improvement in q4 income, combined 70.570 billion yuan for easy financial assets, + 2.8 per cent for cash in hand, which is still abundant.
Tail cement (600585.sh)-2022 semi-annual: multiple factors of performance pressure, Conch Cement (600585.sh)-2022 - Quarterly Review: Performance with Demand Pressure Investment Recommendations: Reverse shares consolidated, high security margins at the bottom maintained a “buy-in” rating.
Companies, as industry leaders of high quality, have a strong against-the-counter share against a background of stress, have a strong competitive advantage, are now well paid in cash, have a relatively low valuation, and maintain a “buy-in” rating, taking into account the prospect of lower earnings from cement and the firm position of the corporate industry.
Revenues increased slightly in the same year, and performance continued to be stressed. In 2023, the company achieved $140.0 billion, +6.8 per cent, +6.8 per cent, +4.6 per cent, insufficient market demand, increased competition in the industry, and the downside effect of cement prices. Figure 2: Single-quarter operating income and growth in conch cement
Figure 3: Net profit and increase of conch cement from mother to mother Figure 4: Net profit and increase of conch cement from single quarter to mother
At a rate of -0.7%, the share is still rising, and we measure that cement clinkers continue to drag profits from ton of income from products/tonne costs/tonne gross; and that the bone and commodity concrete operations have achieved revenue of $3.86.225 billion, respectively, and are steadily moving forward. By region, they have been affected by the same price decline, with different levels of domestic income.
Decline, but with the continued improvement of the overseas marketing market network, offshore project companies achieved income of $4.67 billion, same as figure 5: sales and acceleration of conch cement clinker; figure 6: Māori rate of main products of conch cement
Figure 7: Ton revenue and ton cost of conch cement clinker; Figure 10: Capability and acceleration of conch cement skeletal operations
Mainly as a result of the decrease in the administrative cost rate. Net operating cash flow of $20.11 billion in 2023, compared to +108.4 per cent, was mainly due to a decrease in accounts receivable, receivables, inventory, advance payment items, etc. at the beginning of the year; Figure 12: Cost rates during conch cement period
Figure 13: Operating net cash flows of conch cement, Figure 14: Monetary funds of conch cement + transactional financial assets, Figure 15: Capital expenditures of conch cement
Figure 16: Cash shares and dividends of conch cement — capital expenditures (millions of yuan) Investment recommendations: share reversals consolidated, higher security margins at the bottom, maintenance of a “buy-in” rating.
For industry leaders of high quality, there is a strong reversal of shares in the context of stress, and there is a clear competitive advantage, with cash in hand at present sufficient, a high red rate maintained, a low valuation and a high safety margin. Given the author’s assurance that the data used in the report are from compliance channels, the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, and by reasoning judgement and conclusion,
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author