Year 2023: Cement profits continue to be under pressure, industry adds value to chain extension on 21st of 2024.
In 2023, the company sold 285 million tons of cement and clinker products at a higher rate than +0.7%, reflecting a steady increase in its share.
The q4 sales were measured at a lower base and increased at the same time, with a slight decrease of q4 from the average ton of products and the ton of q3 from a steady decline of about $25.
Osteoporosis, Combination of Businesses: the steady expansion of production capacity and the acceleration of its contribution. The company ' s bone and commercial yearner capacity expanded to 149 million tons/39.8 million by the end of 2023, adding 40.7 million tonnes/14.3 million more than at the end of the previous year; the release of capacity led to a rapid increase in revenue, with company bone and mechanism sand operations operating in 2023.
Revenues of 3,864 million yuan, or +73.3 per cent of the year; mixed operations achieved operating income of 2,254 million yuan, which contributed to significant improvements in operating cash flows as a result of the optimization of the asset structure, and continued capital expenditures. (1) Net cash flows from operating activities throughout the year increased by 10.84 per cent to $20.106 billion on a year-on-year basis, benefiting from public funds
The Division optimized asset structure, increased asset liquidity, receivables, receivables, inventory, advances, etc., reduced balances; and (2) purchased fixed assets, intangibles and other long-term assets throughout the year.
Energy-efficient environmental technologies and acquisitions, etc., are expected to add 3.9 million tons of clinker production capacity, cement assessment: q3 profit bottoms, waiting for macroeconomic policy: 8.4 million tons of production capacity, 25.5 million tons of bone production, 7.2 million cubic metres of commercial concrete production, and bone materials.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: Medium-term fiscal and quasi-fiscal instruments are expected to be more robust, Finance, Conch Cement (600585); 2023 mid-point capital investment growth is expected to remain high, but there is still a need to observe the release and location of physical capital needs
The firm’s net rate valuation is at the bottom of history, and the medium- and long-term supply side of double carbon and environmental policy is clear.
The D.A., as a cement tap, highlights a combination of competitive advantages, such as a cost lead at the bottom of the industry, and downstream business expansion in the industry chain provides a new growth point for companies, and the valuation is expected to be repaired. The weak demand based on real estate investment continues to put pressure on the main cement industry, but it does better than the industry, highlighting its competitiveness.
Real estate investment continued to decline, local debt risk mitigation intensified, national cement demand weakened in 2023, and national cement production decreased by 0.7 per cent on a year-on-year basis. (1) In 2023, company cement and clinkers sold 285 million tons of their own products, compared with +0.7 per cent, and sold better than the country as a whole, reflecting a steady increase in market share, with downsides highlighting competitiveness. (2)
Dollars. The average cost of the company from a single ton of products is equal to $25, as a result of lower coal prices and compressed coal consumption. (2) By season, we measured a positive increase in sales of q4 at a lower base for the same period, with a slight decrease of $25 per quarter from the average ton and gross ton of products for the q4 season.
Osteoporosis, Merchant Business: A steady expansion of production capacity, accelerating the contribution of additional quantities. Corporate bone, blending, could expand to 149 million tonnes/39.8 million by the end of 2023, adding 40.7 million tonnes/14.3 million more than at the end of the previous year. The cost of the period for the release-driven harvest of tonnes of production from products is $34.4 and +1.8 dollars. (2) Measurement of single tons from product sales/management/research and development/finance.
Costs were $12.0/19.8/6/3.9, corresponding to +0.3/+0.2/-0.6/+1.9. The increase in single-ton financial costs was mainly due to the optimization of the asset structure, which contributed to a significant improvement in operating cash flows and continued contraction of capital expenditures. (1) Net cash flows from corporate operations increased by $10.8 per cent to $20.106 billion in 2023, mainly through capital optimization.
Production structure, increased liquidity of assets, accounts receivable, inventory, advance payments, etc., was higher than in 2022. New clinker capacity of 3.9 million tons, cement capacity of 8.4 million tons, bone capacity of 25.5 million tons, commodity concrete capacity of 7.2 million cubic metres, etc., is expected to maintain a steady expansion in bone vendor collage capacity throughout the year.
In mid-March, domestic demand for cement markets continued to recover, with the country’s priority areas experiencing an increase of nearly 15 percentage points in their turnover and a decline of about eight hundred in their agricultural calendars.
In the medium-to-long term, however, capital demand is expected to fall faster than expected, while industry profits return to pre-2015 low levels.
Carbon-added market policies are expected to fall gradually, inefficient, surplus production and greater industrial concentration, and the outlook is expected to increase further in the medium term, fiscal and quasi-fiscal instruments, and fiscal pre-investment in infrastructure is expected to continue at a high rate, but there is still a need to observe the release of in-kind capital demand and the stability of real estate investment. Demand stability is expected to change industry expectations.
The market net rate valuation for cement companies is at the bottom of history, with double carbon, environmental policies and medium- and long-term supply spreads. Companies display a combination of competitive advantages, such as a cost lead at the bottom of the industry as cement taps, and the industry’s down-and-down expansion of operations provides a new growth point for companies, and the valuation is expected to recover.
Cement demand has recovered less than expected; industry chains have expanded upstream and downstream less than expected; real-estate credit risks are out of control; and the risk of increased market competition.
Three major financial forecasting tables for conch cement. Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy operations.