The Māori rate has continued to improve, and profits have increased in both East and South China: Qingdao beer was released in 2023 and the company collected $33,937 million, +5.5 per cent, Qingdao beer (600,600)
q4 sales declined slightly, but the structure continued to improve. 2023q4 companies achieved operating income of 2,958 million yuan, of which 71,000 litres were sold, i.e., 10.1 per cent per cent per annum, and 4149 litres of alcohol, i.e. +7.5 per cent per annum. For branding, 2023q4 major brands achieved sales of 470,000 litres, i.e. 3.5 per cent per cent per annum.
The sub-prices show that sales at the middle and higher levels were 34,000 litres, or 21.8 per cent, while sales at the middle and lower levels were 38,000 litres, or 3.9 per cent. Base market revenues grew steadily, and profits increased in East and South China.
In North, East, South, South and South-East China, Hong Kong, China, and other overseas regions, respectively, external income fell and package prices increased + product structure, and the Māori rate continued to rise. In 2023, the company achieved a return to its mother, and its profitability continued to rise.
+3.3 per cent, Māori ratio + 1.8 pct to 38.7 per cent; forecasted profits and investment ratings for wide-ranging fees, corporate annuities: clear and stable patterns in the beer industry, high-end steady progress, I \triangleright
They think Shandong and China North product structure upgrades + China East and South China profits are expected to provide a better supply of Sinda Securities Co., Ltd.
Building No. 1 of the 9th City Street in Beijing City West Side, where members of a food and beverages team are trained by senior industrialists and leading students. Zhang Wai-hyun graduated from Wuhan University of Technology, two degrees in law and economics, two years of work in the financial sector, and then went to White.
For 13 years, the liquor industry has been engaged in first-line sales in the Penang cellar, Dukang, and the Shelde wine industry, with practical exercise experience in high-end, secondary, medium- and low-end prices, strong industrial thinking, rich alcohol circles, and a unique understanding of the trends in the white wine industry, particularly in analysing the competitive patterns of sub-high-end alcohol companies.
Zhao Lei, Master of Food Science Studies, Graduated from Madison, University of Wisconsin, United States, and then worked in research and development for two years at Sapto, the mammoth's giant.
Qui Li, Master of Financial Sciences, Graduated from the Wang Yanan School of Economics at Xiamen University.
Chiu Dan morning, Master of Economics, Graduated from Xiamen University School of Economics.
With three years of experience in strategic investment in head housing enterprises, it is good at exploiting opportunities for upstream and downstream development from an industry perspective. 2021 Food and beverage teams, covering mainly white wine plates. Wang Shei Shui, Master of Management, Cornell University, United States of America. B.A. Economics + International Relations, Washington University, covering beer.
(In-depth study of the industry of Chinese beer, Qingdao beer, Chongqing beer), beverages (in-depth study of farmers' mountain springs, East Peng's beverages, pleasures) and low-drink (in-depth study of the Queen's shares) will not be relevant, in part or directly or indirectly, to the specific analysis or views in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and guidance in making investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and duties. This report is made available only to the specific client mentioned above, and is not made available to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in the present report are only dated from the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
A special notice may not be issued in respect of letters of credit securities for studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.