Structural upscalability highlights the increase in the basic red scale Food beverages Non-White Wine Events: Qingdao Beers published in 2023, bringing total operating income of $33,937 million a year, i.e. +5.5 per cent;
Realization of the mother ' s net profit of $4.268 billion, or +15.0 per cent. Of this, total operating income was achieved in the fourth quarter of 2023.
In the fourth quarter, sales costs were higher, and profitability continued to rise year-round, with high-end growth. In 2023, the company ' s beer business, which had a Māori ratio of +1.7 pct to 38.5%, benefited mainly from product structure optimization and package cost pressure easing. At the cost end, sales costs increased year-round by +0.8 pct, while other costs did not change much.
In the first three quarters, the sales cost rate remained small compared to the previous quarter, but the fourth quarter was the same as +9.6 pct, mainly due to the shock sales of public opinion events, company short-term expansion of channels and market-cost inputs to support distributors and consumers. Despite fluctuations in profitability in the fourth quarter, the annual net interest rate was equal to +1.0 pct, driven by structural upgrades.
12.58 per cent, continuing the trend towards increased profitability, the core product portfolio continues to work, pushing the product structure up, and short-term cost downs to magnify the increase in profit.
The ability of the classic, Qingdao white beverages, and Qingdao pure product combinations to compete continues to improve production for companies. Qingdao beer (600600.sh) - Business resilience highlights, high-end steady progress - about 10%. The company ' s return rate will help reduce the cost of the package, with the same projected cost per 1,000 litres of alcohol production in 2024.
Qingdao Beers (600600.sh) - Short-term disturbance of sales, with a constant trend towards structural upgrading.
Profit forecasting and investment proposals: Taking into account the slowdown in beer sales and average price increases in the context of a weak recovery in consumption, the value has fallen to a reasonable range, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. Channel expansion results are less than expected; industry competition has increased; and costs are higher than expected.
Incidents: Qingdao Beers published its annual report 2023, with total operating income of $33,937 million, or +5.5 per cent, for the year as a whole; the impact of the high base for the same period of the previous year (third-quarter sales equal to -11 per cent) and the impact of the fourth-quarter non-recurrent events on sales (fourth-quarter sales equal to -10 per cent).
The annual average sales of beer + 6.3 per cent are driven by the optimal structure of the beer product. The 2023 Qingjia main brand has the same sales + 2.7 per cent, with a ratio of sales to sales of medium- and high-end products represented by the Qingdao classic, Qingdao white beverages and Qingdao pure life +10.6 per cent, while sales of low- and medium-level by-brand sales are equal to ~0 per cent.
The fourth quarter saw an increase in sales costs and year-round profitability continued to rise at the higher end of the year. In 2023, the Māori rate for company beer business was the same as +1.7 pct to 38.5%, mainly benefiting from product structural optimization and a easing of the cost pressures on packages. At the cost end, the annual sales cost rate was the same as +0.8 pct, while other cost rates did not change much (administrative/research and development fees).
Rates of usage/financial cost changes - 0.1 pct/+0.1 pct/-0.0pct. Based on the quarterly breakdown of sales costs, sales rates for the first three quarters have changed slightly from year to year, but sales costs for the fourth quarter have increased by about $250 million from year to year, sales rates have increased by the same year +9.6 pct, mainly as a result of press events in the fourth quarter, and companies have increased their channels and market fees in the short term.
In the fourth quarter, there were fluctuations in profitability, but with structural upgrades, the year-round net return interest rate continued the upward trend in profitability by +1.0 pct to 12.58%. The core product portfolio continued to work, pushing the product structure up, and short-term costs increased profit growth.
Building a high- and middle-class core product portfolio, with a significant increase in consumer recognition of large monolithic Qingjia classics, with products showing strong natural marketing skills; a faster expansion of the Qingjima channel and a more growing product; a high-end product with a better basis of consumer confidence in its brand, with a 10-to-12 dollar consumption of pure beer
Core products are still on the rise, providing guarantees for companies to continuously upgrade their product structure and enhance their profitability. In the short term, raw-material barley purchases fell by about 10% in 2024 compared to the previous year, and company return rate increases helped to reduce the cost of the package, which is expected to fall in 2024 per 1,000 litres of alcohol.
Profit forecasting and investment proposals: taking into account the slowdown in the increase in beer sales and the increase in average prices in the context of a weak recovery in consumption, the outcome of the expansion of channels has been less than expected; increased competition in the industry; and higher than anticipated costs.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject