Qingdao Beers (600600.sh) incident evaluation report. Qingdao Beers issued the 2023 performance report on 26 March 2024.
Sunss@cfsc.com.cn Gross sales spread, high-end upgrades boosted profitability.
In 2023, the sales of the Qingjia master/other brands fell by the same amount in the fourth quarter. In 2023, more than 3.24,000 litres of beer were sold at the upper end of the company (10.5% more), and the trend of high end is still in place.
1 Qingdao Beer (600,600): 100 years old, thanks to the continued upgrading of the product marketing structure, the average tons of beer in 2023, the glory of the product and the steady path to high-end upgrading.
The price is $4239 per kilolitre (or 6.4% increase), of which 2023q4 beers average tonnage is expected, and the high-end trend continues to be stable. The firm’s high-end upgrading trend remains strong, with the same cost pressures now projected for 2024.
Subtract macroeconomic risks, less than expected sales during the season, higher risks of raw materials, introduction by the Food Beverage Group Sun Shanshan: Master of Economics, six years of research experience in food and beverage sellers, full coverage of the food and beverage industry.
Focus on the drink plate, study in depth of the white wine industry, etc., has been employed in the NSS, New Age securities, and the country's short- and medium-term potential stock; has been hard at thinking about the white wine plate, and has been deeply marketed and seen as sub-high white wine and soft drinks.
Liaogwan State: Master of Arts, Chinese University of Hong Kong, cfa.3 years of study in the food and beverages industry, covering the areas of beer, halogen, and wine.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.