Aoshima's beer (600,600) has never changed the logic of year-round growth.
Events: Annual company reports, 33.9 billion yuan in 2023, i.e. +5.5 per cent; deductions are lower than expected, mainly due to higher sales costs and management costs than we expected. o4 sales are higher than we expected.
The cost-effectiveness ratio is lower. o4 management costs are higher because the company started implementing the enterprise annuity plan in 2023/10/1, in accordance with national policy, with a partial one-time supplement.
It remained stable compared to previous years, but in the course of the year there were earlier and lower fluctuations, mainly due to the spread of the epidemic and the fact that hot spots, such as a bubba barbecue, had overestimated the expectations of suppliers in the first half of the year, while in the second half the economy was so low that consumption of low-end products shrunk.asp On the other hand, despite last year’s economic pressure, asp in 2023.
The increase is satisfactory. The Qingdao brand has been growing steadily, with a slightly larger income than the previous +8.6%, but still rising in asp.
In 2023, the company's profitability continued to increase throughout the year. The annual non-mortality net rate was 11%, year-on-year +1 pct. The Māori rate was the same +1.8 pc, the same sales cost +0.8 pc, although last year a special score for the 120th anniversary was introduced, and if this part is not taken into account, 2023 is the same +1 pct.
[Galaxy Eating] The company evaluates the main reasons for the price volatility: despite the economic downturn, the asp upturn that drove the growth of corporate performance has not been disappointing. Looking forward to 2024, we have confidence in the company to keep it up.
We adjust the profit forecast to table 1: Key financial indicators for the China Galaxy Securities Institute.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report. Liu Li-Jen, Master of Finance, Shanghai Transport University, seven years or so of experience in securities research in food beverages and other consumer products.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.