Qingdao Beers (168.hk/60000.ch): Productions under consumption stratification trends increased resistance to upgrading the structure of the product, with the share down to “possess” — the share down to “possess”: Chinese beer production splits between November and December 2023
We fear that the pre-existing upward trend in consumption in the beer industry will further evolve into a consumption classification, where only a small proportion of high-end consumers are still pursuing higher-end and high-quality beer products, while most of the public consumers are more concerned about the price of beer products.
In the light of this trend, we believe that the basics of Aoshima's beer will be more negatively affected than the main competitors. Given the increased uncertainty about the base, the significant reduction in valuation advantages, and the relatively weak liquidity and data transparency, we adjust the ratings to hold the stock.
• Beer may be one of the players most negatively affected by the graded consumption of the beer industry: benefiting from the upgrading of alcohol consumers from popular to sub-high prices, the “classic” series of beer went through a high rate of growth in 2021-2022, leading to a substantial increase in the product structure of the beer industry.
However, the slowdown in economic growth may result in more attention being paid to the value of the product by the general consumer, while sub-higher products such as “classic” and “pure” are not sufficiently motivated to grow. Moreover, the lack of a strong high-end and ultra-high-end product is not likely to satisfy a small proportion of the high-end product.
Consumers continue to rise to the demand for ultra-high end products. Thus, in the context of the trend towards consumption classification, the subsequent product structure upgrades are likely to face greater resistance. Starting in the second half of 2023, sales of green beaks declined significantly on a par, and performance was weaker than that of major competitors, and so on.
The market’s concern about the fundamentals of the beard is growing. The weight of the beard stock is gradually decreasing, and the stock price is less elastic than that of the rivals: in the past few years, the value of the beard stock has been far lower than that of other beer businesses (e.g., Huayun and Hong Kong stock) that are listed on the market.
The main reason is that the stockholdings of the Green Shirts are expected to be higher, and overseas funds think they need to be more mobile, market exchange, and data disclosure. However, as overseas funds begin to withdraw from the Ports Unit last year, the Green Shirts and two other Hong Kong shares are expected to grow.
The valuation of beer-listed companies has been shrinking (figure 4). At current valuation levels, the stock of green beer has no significant valuation advantage over competitors. Once overseas funds have returned, the stock price of green beer is much less flexible than that of competitors.
Qingdao's beer e = silver-smoking international forecast
Pobinternational e=bloomberg predicts that Pil-Bing International is going to be able to make a difference.
Pilgrim International Spdbi's optimism and pessimism scenario
(b) The company's overall operating profit rate in 2024 increased by less than 30bps on a year-by-year basis.
Pessimistic scenario: corporate income and profit rate increase less than expected
By accepting this report (including any relevant annexes), the recipient of this report states and guarantees that he is entitled to this report under the following conditions and agrees to be bound by the restrictions contained therein. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the law.
This report has been prepared by the Cards Group-Phi Jin International Securities Co. Ltd. (collectively known as “Phi Jin International Securities”) which engages in regulated activities under the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Hong Kong Act) in the first category (Systems Trading) and the fourth category (Providing Comments on Securities).
No one may use any of the information contained in this report for other purposes. This report is prepared solely for the purpose of providing information. It shall not be interpreted as an invitation or offer to purchase or sell any securities or related financial instruments. You shall not interpret the content of this report as an opinion or recommendation on legal, tax, accounting or investment matters.
This report does not contain all the information that the company may require, and you should not merely base your investment, withdrawal or any other financial decision or action on the information contained in this report. This report may contain forward-looking statements involving a variety of risks and uncertainties, in addition to a description of historical data.
These forward-looking statements may be based on assumptions that are limited to significant risks and uncertainties. The views, recommendations, recommendations and opinions in this report do not necessarily reflect Poo-Sil-Sil-Sil-Sil-Seong’s position on international securities.
There is no law under which Pulse International or any of its directors and/or employees may incur any loss to an investor arising from the use of the information contained in this report or from reliance on it. ]