The price of tons is impressive and the cost is expected to go down \triangleright industry rules +0.3% of business output, and the company’s sales are slightly under pressure to expect more rain and consumption from the north during the season.
Weak recovery. At the structural level, the share of other brands, middle- and upper-end products in the main brands is 1:.9/-2.2pt, while the share of high-end products in the main brand is +4.2pt.
The pace of progress has remained steady, the Aoshima classics and the white beverages have continued to grow rapidly, while the low-end products have accelerated clean-up, and the structure has improved the productivity of the company’s prices, which are impressive, at a year-on-year ratio of +6.3 per cent, of 23q4, the sales of the company have been equal to 10.1 per cent, and Zhang has been happy.
Ton prices + 7.5%, with medium- and high-end products + 7.6 ptt, other brands + 4.3 ptt. Costing affects profitability increases, and Māori improvements drive robust annual profit increases.
Ton costs + 3.3 per cent, mainly due to higher raw materials prices and improved variety structure, in addition to the impact of sales on fixed cost amortization and labour cost escalation (material/manual/manufacturing ton cost 1. Qingjia beer (600600.sh) reported in the first quarter of 2023
Q: q1 opened up the door with a sharp increase in the value of the structure of the season, benefiting from a significant increase in the price of tons, with 23-year Māori ratio at +1.8 pct to 38.7 per cent and 23-year cost increase at 0.8 pct, a larger increase, mainly due to a 28 per cent increase in the cost of advertising and marketing, management, management, management, management,
2. Qingdao Beers (600600.sh) is reported in 2022: R & D costs are almost equal, with other benefits falling by $150 million in the same year, mainly due to reduced government subsidies.
In the current external environment, prices vary, and the classics continue to rise up below the core base market, with the internal structure of medium- and low-end products.
Procuring prices for the year's wheat sprouts. It is recommended that sustained attention be paid to the recovery of the weather during the season and the current drinking channels.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.