Qingdao's beer has been reduced year-round, the 4023 high-end strategy has accelerated, and Qingdao's beer has been released in 2023, generating $33.94 billion a year, compared to +5.5 per cent, resulting in a net return to the mother/no return to the mother.
4q23 accelerated high-end strategies, with sales under pressure. Follow-up is expected to continue at mid-end markets, with attention paid to thousands of litres. With continued product high-end strategies, the company’s tonnage is increasing faster.
The crowding out of high-end products led to a slight decline in corporate sales overall in 2023, and a small increase in sales in the run-off industry (the cumulative production of beer in January-December was robust, contributing to an overwhelming increase in revenue, with the Māori rate steadily rising. The South and South-East markets were warming, while the North and South-East markets were growing at a lower rate.
4q23 accelerates the high-end strategy, with sales under pressure. In the 4q23 season, the company achieved $2.96 billion in revenue, and the same-year drop in beer sales was mainly due to an accelerator event, the forward pace of the shipment, and continued to go to stock after entering 2h23.
In the structure of the product, the sales share of 4q23 major brands/middle-high end and above increased significantly to 65.9 per cent/47.4 per cent, resulting in a higher annual increase in the value of 4o23 tons per quarter. The annual ton cost of the company was +3.3 per cent to 2600 dollars.
The cost is +3.6%/+10.0%/+4.6%/-8.3% respectively, with the exception of the cost of sub-elements outside the finished product, which I believe is mainly due to higher cost of raw materials and higher end-of-product structure upgrades of production capacity. While there is a high ton cost pressure, the company ' s annual Māori rate is still the same as +1.8 pt to 38.7%, driven by a higher ton price increase.
High-end product share increases, sales costs increase, and management costs decrease as a result of increased collection. 3) At the profit end, corporate Māori increases, driven by product sophistication, have contributed to a steady upward trend in profitability, with 2023 continuing medium-to-high-end markets, focusing on the cost elasticity of ABW reverse elimination. We believe that the beer industry has been structurally upgraded.
In the case of greens, with the establishment of the master brand “1+1+2+n” product matrix, companies are expected to continue to distribute high-end markets with market prices as a standard on March 26, 2024, and to further upgrade the base market, guided by a regional strategy of “one and the other” with channel advantages.
And, given the larger cost increase in 2023, companies are expected to release greater flexibility at the cost end as the Australian counter-policies are removed and new procurement cycles are introduced. Based on the data disclosed in the company’s 2023 annual report, and changes in raw material prices, we adjust our previous profit projections.
Fluctuating cost of raw materials, food safety risks, promotion of core monolithic products, Aoshima Beer 20230830 Aoshima Beer 20230823
S.A.I.S.I.C. is qualified for portfolio investment consulting.