Distribution of 22q3 comments from the media: the company's base is still robust compared to the pressure ring, investment rating: buying (maintaining) the epidemic affects the willingness of advertisers to invest, company revenue is short-term pressure
In July/August of the 22q3 advertising year, the overall cost of the advertising market fell by 8.7 per cent/6.2 per cent compared to August, but the demand for advertising recovered from July, when the overall cost of the advertising market rose by 4.3 per cent;
In addition, due to the impact of the epidemic on the under-viewing of the audience, there was a decrease in long-term purchases in the company ' s cinema media, and a 75.05 per cent decrease in the amount of cash paid in the same year.
• Sustained efficiency gains and improved profitability and the quality of accounts receivable; net return profit of 730 million and net return interest rate of 28.9%; ring increase of 4.1pt.
In the first place, companies still have an absolute advantage in terms of core resources: by the end of 2021, according to a report by Sullivan, the number of places in the media in the various media outlets was first, and the number of elevators in both the written and residential buildings covered was first.
The total number of company elevator television and media equipment was approximately 848,000, compared to the company assessment of 31 December 2021: 81.50 thousand units (00295, sz), representing an increase of 4.0 per cent; in addition, the company is still adjusting its niche structure and phasing out low.
Second, q4 is power-marketing, and the announcement will be restored, while, with the next step,
As the epidemic stabilizes, the company’s advertising campaign will return to normal. Foreground: short-term pressure on play, advertising, and finally, companies continue to expand overseas, and 22q3 have completed the establishment of Japanese companies.
Corporate Review: New East Online (1797.hk): Since 2017, companies have been picking for beautiful lives abroad in Korea, Singapore, Indonesia, Thailand, etc.
Markets have been laid out, and some countries have been profitable, successfully demonstrating that the pattern of segmentation can be rapidly replicated in overseas markets, particularly in Asia, and that the development potential of companies’ overseas operations can be taken into account.
In the context of the current policy of prevention and control of the epidemic, we expect that the need for advertising and the resumption of offline advertising activities will take some time, so we adjust the company's business income from 22e-24e to 103.7%.
Corporate depth: New East Online (1797.hk): Three issues at the heart of New East's live electricity provider's business: persistent macroeconomic pressure; recurrent outbreaks; unrecoverable demand for advertising; industry competition
Internet companies, financial and industrial combinations, are good at combining industry and investment perspectives.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.