Divisional media (002027.sz): Short-term performance pressure, buyback, confidence, industry recovery, distribution of media (002027.sz)
Incidents: The Distributive Media (002027.sz) issued an announcement on the progress of the repurchase of shares on the evening of October 17, 2022, in order to centralize the bidding parties, stating that as of October 31, 2022, the company had not yet seen a rise in the third quarter of the company’s harvest, but that the epidemic was still under pressure as a whole.
\triangleright 22q3 quarter operating income of $2,518 million (yoy-34.11%, gog+31.63%) \triangleright 22q3
In the first three quarters, operating costs were $2.88 billion (youy-21.81%) and q3 operating costs of $889 million (youy-24.91%, qoq-284%) during the epidemic period.
In the interim, some of the company ' s priority urban operations were affected, resulting in a corresponding reduction in costs. The costs were due to a reduction in the operating costs of sales personnel, which were closely related to operating income. The management costs were $415 million, while the corresponding costs were $4.9/127/014 million for sales, management and R & D in the first quarter of the year.
The client structure has expanded steadily, and locational resources have continued to optimize. Ctr data show that the advertising costs of elevator lcd and elevator posters increased by 4.1% and 7.1% respectively in January-August 2022.
The advertising costs of elevator lcd and elevator posters increased by 32.6 per cent and 63.1 per cent, respectively, respectively.
In addition, the company has been active in expanding the foreign market and opening the second growth curve. As of 31 July 2022, the company had expanded the foreign elevator television medium to 103,000 (yoy+9.6%) and the poster media to a total of 0.3 million (yoy+50%).
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd. proposes to repurchase the shares of the company for US$480 million, which will be used for employee incentives in the future.
On the evening of 17, the company issued an announcement on the repurchase of shares in the form of a centralized bid for the purchase of building No. 1 of the 9th House of the City of the West Side of Beijing City, with a total of no less than RMB 400 million and no more than RMB 800 million, with no more than the price of the repurchase.
The shares purchased will be used in the employee holding scheme or the equity incentive scheme, which will facilitate further completion of the corporate long-term efficiency incentive mechanism, full mobilization of the company’s core cadres and excellent employees, and promotion of the company’s long-term healthy development.
Investment Recommendations: Overall, the company ' s performance in the third quarter is short-term and long-term values are constant. With the positive move towards the resumption of \triangleright, the advertising industry has recovered, and the company has more intensive farming.
The year was more resilient and stable, and we continued to focus on the second half of the year's economic recovery, the return of market demand, risk factors: increased market competition, recurrent outbreaks, changes in industrial policy, less demand in advertising markets, annual employment in Skywind securities, a variety of sections covering the Internet, games, advertising, electricity, new consumption, and research pioneers in the mestrocosian secondary market (author of the first report).
The first finance book, the first and the third, will not be relevant in part, nor will it be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in the present report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy approved by the CSRC. This report is produced and published by the Sindha Securities.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference in investment decisions for this category of clients. Both parties have strict agreement on rights and responsibilities. The present report is only available to the above-mentioned specific clients and is not intended for public publication.
The opinion and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report alone suggest that the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and that historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.