Kweichow Moutai
China
ADD
Direct sales continue to increase
Consensus ratings*:
Moutai's distribution channel changes are on track; the direct sales contribution
improved to 7% in 3Q19 from 4.1% in 1H19.
We expect the direct sales contribution to further increase in 4Q19F. We also forecast
that FY19F net profit will grow 23% yoy.
We expect Moutai to supply 1Q20 volume to the market ahead of schedule to
maintain no further hikes in the current first-layer wholesaler price.
Maintain Add with an unchanged DCF-based TP of Rmb1,328 (WACC:10%)
Modest sales growth in 3Q19, but net profit growth in line
Moutai's baijiu sales grew 14% yoy in 3Q19, a bit slower than the 18% yoy in 1H19. But
net profit grew 17% yoy in 3Q19, driven by a continuous mix upgrade, an increase in
direct sales, and better control of expenses. Moutai's 9M19 baijiu sales grew by 17% yoy
to Rmb61bn, and its net profit was up by 23% yoy to Rmb30.5bn, in line with our
expectations. Moutai's distribution network changes are still ongoing; for the domestic
distributors; and the direct sales channel build-up is on track. The direct sales
contribution improved to 7% in 3Q19 from 4.1% in 1H19. We expect Moutai to accelerate
its supply volume to direct sales channels in 4Q19 and forecast that its FY19F net profit
Key changes in this note
will grow 23% yoy.
No changes
Continually improving margin owing to a product structure upgrade
Moutai's 9M19 gross profit margin was 91.5%, up by 0.4%pt, due to a product structure
upgrade. Its sales tax was down by 2%pts to 13%. The S&D expenses ratio fell by
1.2%pts to 4.3%, because of a decrease in the promotion of the Series brand. Moutai's
net profit margin improved by 2.6%pts to 50% in 9M19. With direct sales improving and
continuous upgrading of its product structure, we expect Moutai's profitability to further
improve in FY20F.
Controlled price hikes to stimulate consumption
Moutai had direct sales of Rmb3.1bn in 9M19; its sales contribution improved to 5.1% in
9M19, from 4.1% in 1H19. In Sep 2019, Moutai increased its direct sales collaboration
with hypermarket and ecommerce channels, supplying 600t of Moutai liquor to three
hypermarkets - Wumart, Sun Art and China Resources - and 400t to two online
volume to its distributors. These actions have had a positive impact in bringing down
Major shareholders
% held
per bottle to Rmb2200-2300 per bottle now. In 2020, Chinese New Year will be in Jan,
Kweichow Moutai Group
slightly earlier than last year. To satisfy high customer demand and stabilize its wholesale
price, we expect Moutai to execute its 1Q20 supply volume ahead of schedule, possibly
in 4Q19, which will benefit its Q419F sales growth.
We maintain our Add rating, because of strong earnings growth, driven by Moutai's
s.d. above its historical average P/E of 19x since listing. Potential positive catalysts
including a potential ex-factory price hike in 2020, and margin improvement from the
increase in direct sales. Downside risks include a reduction in high-end baijiu
consumption because of the worsening economic environment.
Analysts
Lei Yang
Sun Feifei
SOURCES: CGIS RESEARCH, COMPANY DATA, BLOOMBERG
Direct sales continue to increase
BY THE NUMBERS
SOURCES: CGIS RESEARCH, COMPANY DATA, BLOOMBERG
SOURCES: CGIS RESEARCH, COMPANY DATA, BLOOMBERG
國銀河國際
Food & Beverages | China
Disclaimer
This research report is not directed at, or intended for distribution to or used by, any person or entity who is a citizen or resident of or located in any jurisdiction
where such distribution, publication, availability or use would be contrary to applicable law or regulation or which would subject China Galaxy International Securities
(Hong Kong) Co., Limited ("Galaxy International Securities") and/or its group companies to any registration or licensing requirement within such jurisdiction.
This report (including any information attached) is issued by Galaxy International Securities, one of the subsidiaries of the China Galaxy International Financial
Holdings Limited, to the institutional clients from the information sources believed to be reliable, but no representation or warranty (expressly or implied) is made as
to their accuracy, correctness and/or completeness.
This report shall not be construed as an offer, invitation or solicitation to buy or sell any securities of the company(jes) referred to herein. Past performance should
not be taken as an indication or guarantee of future performance, and no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made regarding future performance. The
recipient of this report should understand and comprehend the investment objectives and its related risks, and where necessary consult their own independent
financial advisers prior to any investment decision.
Where any part of the information, opinions or estimates contained herein reflects the personal views and opinions of the analyst who prepared this report, such
views and opinions may not correspond to the published views or investment decisions of China Galaxy International Financial Holdings Limited, its subsidiaries and
associate companies ("China Galaxy International"), directors, officers, agents and employees ("the Relevant Parties").
All opinions and estimates reflect the judgment of the analyst on the date of this report and are subject to change without notice. China Galaxy International and/or
the Relevant Parties hereby disclaim any of their liabilities arising from the inaccuracy, incorrectness and incompleteness of this report and its attachment/s and/or
any action or omission made in reliance thereof. Accordingly, this report must be read in conjunction with this disclaimer.
Disclosure of Interests
China Galaxy Securities Co., Ltd. (6881.HK; 601881.CH) is the direct and/or indirect holding company of the group of companies under China Galaxy International
Financial Holdings Limited. China Galaxy International may have financial interests in relation to the subjected company(ies)' securities in respect of which are
reviewed in this report, and such interests aggregate to an amount may equal to or less than 1% of the subjected company(ies)' market capitalization unless specified
otherwise.
One or more directors, officers and/or employees of China Galaxy International may be a director or officer of the securities of the company(ies) mentioned in this
report.
China Galaxy International and the Relevant Parties may, to the extent permitted by law, from time to time participate or invest in financing transactions with the
securities of the company(ies) mentioned in this report, perform services for or solicit business from such company(ies), and/or have a position or holding, or other
material interest, or effect transactions, in such securities or options thereon, or other investments related thereto.
Galaxy International Securities may have served as manager or co-manager of a public offering of securities for, or currently may make a primary market in issues of,
any or all of the entities mentioned in this report or may be providing, or have provided within the last 12 months, significant advice or investment services in relation
to the investment concerned or a related investment or investment banking services to the company(ies) mentioned in this report.
Furthermore, Galaxy International Securities may have received compensation for investment banking services from the company(ies) mentioned in this report within
the preceding 12 months and may currently seeking investment banking mandate from the subject company(ies).
China Galaxy International has procedures in place to eliminate, avoid and manage any potential conflicts of interests that may arise in connection with the
production of research reports. The research analyst(s) responsible for this report operates as part of a separate and independent team to the investment banking
function of Galaxy International Securities and procedures are in place to ensure that confidential information held by either the research or investment banking
function is handled appropriately.
Analyst Certification
The analyst who is primarily responsible for the content of this report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities or issuer covered in this report:
(1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject, securities or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is, or
will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by the analyst in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities and Futures
Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the securities covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue of this report; (2) will deal in
or trade in the securities covered in this research report three business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve as an officer of any of the Hong Kong-listed
companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong-listed companies covered in this report.
We are transferring the rating mechanism from "BUY, SELL, HOLD" to "ADD, REDUCE, HOLD". Please refer to the definitions below.
Explanation on Equity Ratings (Existing mechanism (will be replaced by new mechanism by 01/09/19))
share price will increase by >20% within 12 months in absolute terms
BUY
SELL
share price will decrease by >20% within 12 months in absolute terms
HOLD
no clear catalyst, and downgraded from BUY pending clearer signal to reinstate BUY or further downgrade to outright SELL
Explanation on Equity Ratings (New mechanism)
ADD
The stock's total return is expected to exceed 10% over the next 12 months.
REDUCE
The stock's total return is expected to fall below 0% or more over the next 12 months.
HOLD
The stock's total return is expected to be between 0% and positive 10% over the next 12 months.
Copyright Reserved
No part of this material may be reproduced or redistributed without the prior written consent of China Galaxy International Securities (Hong Kong) Co., Limited.
20/F, Wing On Centre, 111 Connaught Road Central, Sheung Wan, Hong Kong. General line: 3698-6888.