The Ninder era (300,750.sz) buys (first rating) 811 batteries with swords and smiles at the top of Mount Hua.
Eight hundred and eleven times after delivery, the energy intensity and cost of the product were raised and reduced by 15-20% and 12%, respectively, which is a further increase in the relative advantage of rivals, both within and outside the country. In terms of industry patterns, leaders abroad are not yet in place, domestic rivals are still unable to pose a threat, and the company’s capacity is insufficient and prices are strong downstream.
(b) We believe that high nickel 811 can increase core energy density by about 15-20 per cent;
- The company has a technological reserve that reduces the fast charge to 11.25min, a technology that leads the industry by one generation. Cost end: the price of upstream materials fell + its own lower book, battery costs fell by about 21 per cent in 2019 compared to the same year. Upstream metal prices or will drive the cost of lithium batteries down by about 15 per cent and 7 per cent respectively;
(a) At the end of the competition pattern: cost advantage + no head overseas + insufficient high-end production capacity + strong industrial chain - firms have a unique advantage over their counterparts, both within and outside the country;
The industry’s low-end production capacity is excessive but tight, and the price of the Ningde era is relatively strong downstream. Although power batteries have reached 41% in the domestic market, given that supply agreements with several well-known foreign firms have not yet been made on a large scale, companies will be able to increase their delivery at an average rate of about 40% per year over the next four to five years.
Subsidized downside: Battery prices fell faster than expected: new energy vehicles increased less rapidly than expected: battery materials prices fell less than expected: the lifting of the ban brought about periodic price volatility: new technologies produced less than expected.1 Corporate advantage: technology and cost advantages are firm-based
1.1 Volume energy density and drops remain the main pathways for cell development. The power cells in the three major camps of the Ninder era account for about 80% of the total, and the power cells downstream are mainly new-energy vehicles.
Pain points. The preferred way to solve the three pains is to optimize the energy density and cost of the battery, specifically, to continue the mileage, the pain point description: new energy car announcements continue the mileage between 300 and 500 km, compared to the conventional vehicle.
Solution: Continuing mileage is proportional to the full power distribution, which can be increased by: 1) plus cell energy and volume density: 2) by increasing the number of batteries. Increase the number of batteries can be achieved by increasing the number of batteries.
Increases the full load, but simultaneously increases the weight and cost of the battery. Increasing battery energy and volume density means increasing battery power without significant changes in battery weight, volume and cost.
It is generally over 24-min, long as 90-min, that still does not meet the consumer’s requirement to travel long distances. Thus, the charging time is another painful point for new energy vehicles.
Solution: Increase battery ' s fast charge performance. Pain point description: 416 km in the north and 54kwh in the north, plus 648 000 in the unit price of the battery, if calculated at $1.2/wh.
The cost of new energy motors, such as electric machines and transformers, is about 75,000. The cost of traditional a-class car engines, transmission tanks, etc., is about 20,000 dollars, which is 55,000 dollars less than the cost of new cars. And, without cost, new energy cars can be used to continue the voyage by increasing the number of batteries and using materials that are fast-filled and better.
The cost of mileage and time charged has become a major factor affecting the sale of new energy vehicles. Solutions: reduced production costs for battery materials through technology development. atl - Global tap of consumer electronic batteries
Atl, known as New Energy Technology Ltd., was set up in 1999 as a core supplier of pelican fruit batteries, and for five years in a row it was the world’s number one consumer of a soft-packed battery block, a truly global leader. At the same time, the company has a core technical advantage in the fast-loading field, with a 2014 popo.
"Five minutes charge, two hours call" is the exclusive supplier of the Find7 cell. The technology originated from atl and inherited a deep partnership with BMW. Around 2010, BMW screened power cell suppliers globally, and atl was selected and joined.
In 2011, high-level power and storage cells developed space, atl power and battery systems became independent, and the Ningl era was officially listed. The Ningde era continued to be led by former atl leaders such as the Gang, Huang Shik, Wu Kai, Zhao Fungang and others.
From atl., including Dr. Wang Seung-wei, the popo fast battery innovator. Meanwhile, the Ningde era inherited a partnership between atl and BMW, which was greatly enhanced in technology, production, and management through deep collaboration with BMW. The Ningde era is still one of the main BMW suppliers.
By the end of 2017, a total of 2,866 patents (included in the application) and licensed (included in the application) had been issued, 907 and 17 domestic and foreign patents had been authorized and were in the process of being patented.
1440: Companies are authorized to use a total of 502 patents (included in the application). The vast majority of patents are owned, while companies are based in China, with a global focus. Outer Sea branches have been formed, and are now officially home to 1.3 technological advantages: Triple 811 batteries and fast-loaded technology leading the world.
The first company in the world to produce high nickel 811 on a square core, raising the energy density of the battery system to 170wh/kg at a new altitude, is known to have the advantage of increasing the energy density of the core and reducing its costs.
There are also disadvantages such as poor safety and scalable gas. Against the backdrop of international champions such as lgc, who have indicated a delay of 811 measures, the Ningde era was the first to produce 811 batteries. The energy density of the 811 core is expected to increase by about 17% from the top generation of products, and has succeeded in raising the energy density of the system to a new height of 170wh/kg.
4c fast charge battery technology, reducing the speed charge time in cars to 11.25min, compared to conventional cars, which is a big pain point for new energy vehicles, and a technical problem in the battery-leading field that has to be quenched. Normally, raising the fast charge speed will be at the expense of electricity to some extent.
The power density of the ponds. There are still large differences in the speed of the different batteries in the market, e.g. 24min for the Eura Express time and 90min for the Biade 5 Fast Time. The Ningde time provision is concentrated around 42min, but the Ningde time has a 4c fast charge technology reserve that can reduce the amount of the fast charge time.
11.25min does not reduce battery energy density significantly at the same time. Commercial vehicle area: The energy density of the phosphate lithium fast charge cell is close to that of the normal cell.
Yes. The negative polar graphite surface uses a "quick ion ring" technique, which is equivalent to building a high-speed track on the graphite surface, which greatly accelerates the embedding of lithium ion in the graphite layer, and the modified graphite combines the properties of super fast charge with high energy density. Catl fast-filled lithium cores of phosphate have a energy density of 150 wwh/kg, higher than the power of Kenrivo.
Type products 130wh/kg, 160wh/kg close to the normal core, by car: Triple 4c batteries with fast charge energy density of up to 190wh/kg Ningg Autonomously developed “superconducted electronic network” and “quick ion ring” technologies have also been excellent in the Triple System
Good effect, while guaranteeing a energy density of 190wh/kg, with a life cycle of more than 2,500 times, reducing the time from 40 to 11.25min, but given the loss of 10-20% of the energy density in the technology, it is now 1.4 channels down, and high nickel 811 and "big" core technology is the brightest.
High Nickel Trinity: Battery deflators are 523 times more expensive at a battery angle, and often match negative material with higher capacity, which means high cost. Does the industry always claim that 811 drops are real?
The chain is stable and can be reduced by about 12%. Despite the high cost of 811 and matching materials, the cost can be reduced from two angles: 1)811 high volume, which can effectively reduce the use of solid material in unitwh cells; 2) 811 battery volume energy
The company expects to produce 811 batteries in official quantities in mid-2019, with a technical premium in the early stages of production due to the fact that 811 materials and accessories are all high end products, electrolyte, diaphragms.
The annual output of 811 has a cost advantage of about 2% over the original 523. The cost advantage is expected to expand to about 12% when industrial chain products reach a steady state.
Figure 8: Battery costs have dropped considerably after the 811 industrial chain stabilizes.
Depending on the shell material, the main core product can be divided into three types: a square aluminium shell (later aluminium shell), a square soft package (later soft package), and a cylinder. Soft packaging is limited due to the use of aluminium plastic film as packaging material.
First, the dominant models are 18650 and 217000, with a single-hull capacity below 5ah; the aluminium shell core, due to the size of the shell, has a theoretical limitless maturation space, with a large difference in individual capacity depending on the level of technology of the plant, with the dominant trio product ranging between 50ah-153ah.
What's the advantage of the three-dollar power core of the Ningde era, which has the highest three-dollar core capacity, up to 153ah, which is significantly higher than the 115ah of the same system as the industrial competitor.
70ah or so. The next ncm 811 postpartums, the three-dollar core capacity of the Ningde era can be greater than 180ah. What's the advantage of the aluminum shell big core? We think it's mainly a dropback. Because the single core capacity of the Ningde era is the largest, so the same materials and processes are the least expensive.
Aluminium shell large core material reduction: Affixed core structure cost to the lower end. Aluminium shell core structure is a aluminium shell, a top plate and a soft connection, which increases the capacity of the core, so that the single set cost does not increase in the same proportion, thus reducing the unit wh core structure cost. For example, public
The cost of the Division's 153ah core structure unit wh is approximately 50 per cent of the cost of the 72ah unit.
Aluminium shell large core process reduction: Increased production efficiency of some processes reduces labour/manual/manufacturing costs The first half of the core production and the second half of the process, with a corresponding increase in the output of the single second half of the process, could significantly reduce the labour and manufacturing costs of the second half of the process.
▪ Process: The average annual reduction in artificial & manufacturing & energy consumption is as high as 28-35 per cent
Of this amount, unit wh labour and manufacturing costs were reduced in 2015, 2016 and 2017, respectively, the main energy consumption for battery production was electricity. Company unit wh battery products consumed 0.05 degrees in 2015, 0.038 degrees in 2016, 0.025 degrees in 2017, 26 per cent less in 2017 and 26 per cent less in 2017.
Industrial chain: Positive material and battery recovery operations in layout, control of upstream material costs are highest in proportion to total costs and prices are more affected by upstream cyclical resource products Lithium batteries are highest in proportion to total costs in 2014, 2015, 2016 and 2017.
The Division ' s share of the total cost was 12.2 per cent, 16.6 per cent, 22.4 per cent and 28.8 per cent, respectively, and the share of the cost of the material represented an upward trend from year to year, owing to an increase in the share of the company ' s tri-dollar batteries and a significant increase in the prices of lithium carbonate and cobalt sulphate upstream of the material.
Lithium carbonate and cobalt sulphate are resource-type products whose prices are vulnerable to supply and demand. Since 2015, lithium carbonate and cobalt sulphate prices have increased by up to 300 per cent and 242 per cent, and they have been affected by it.
Figure 17: Lithium carbonate up from 45,000/t to 180,000/t.
If the debt can be transferred, the company will have an indirect share of 48.44% of the North American lithium industry, reaching a holding position, thus completing the layout of the upstream lithium resources. By acquiring Guangdong Bamp, the company will have a three-dollar material recovery and production operation.
In 2016, in 2017, the company collected 590 million, 610 million and 2.47 billion lithium battery materials, representing 2, inter-occupational contrasts: the Ningde era maintained its unique advantages, both within and outside the sea.
ski et cetera: The country’s first team, Biadei: the country’s second echelons and other companies. The following contrasts with the international rivals of the Ningde era from different angles of product performance (energy density, fast capacity), cost, profitability and business patterns: costs lead, and lead or will expand further.
The major advantage of the Ninder era, compared to international poles like lgc, tristarsdi, pine, and ski, is cost. With the first 811 batteries produced in 2019, the cost advantage is expected to grow further.
In terms of energy density, the use of aluminium shell core technology in the Ninder era, where the energy density of the Trinity 523 system is lower than packaged core products such as lgc, ski, etc. The energy density of the Nind era is expected to be inversely higher with the production of 811 batteries. The Nind era energy density has been at the forefront compared to aluminium shell core products such as the Three Stars sdi.
The fast-filling technology, where the fast-filling edge of the Ningde era is maintained. Although the 4c fast-filled product has not yet been produced in bulk, the technological advantage will be further deployed when its costs and energy density are further optimized.
The cost of the Ninder era is now slightly ahead of overseas competitors; as the chain of the 811 battery industry moves to a steady state, the company’s cost advantage may be further magnified over the next 2-3 years.
H1, lgc, Samsung Sdi Battery (including consumer electronic batteries) operations from 2014 to 2018 with a profit rate of less than 5.22 per cent, significantly lower than Ningde (minimum 11.97 per cent); net of consumer electronic battery effects, lgc power cell 4 in 2014, 2015, 2016, 2017, 2018q3 combined
Figure 23: Expanding cost advantage after industrial chain has reached steady state Figure 24: Three Dragon Battery Business Operating Profit (millioncny) Figure 25: Three Dragon Battery Operating Profit Rate
Figure 26: Igc Power Batteries and Catl ' s net profit comparison over the calendar years.
On June 29, 2018, BMW spokesman Glennschmidt announced that BMW and China's lithium battery manufacturer, Ningde Age's New Energy Technology Company, BMW BMW (Catl) had signed an order for lithium batteries for vehicles worth Euro1 billion (approximately RMB 7.7 billion). The contract will drive the construction of the Ningde era in Germany.
On July 9, 2018, BMW entered into a purchase agreement with the Nind era (catl) to purchase about €4 billion in batteries from the Catl over the next few years. According to Markusduesmann, BMW procurement manager, the procurement contract includes two majorities, of which €1.5 billion will be ordered.
Catl plans to produce a new lithium battery plant in the state of Turingen, Germany, and an additional order of about 2.5 billion euros will come from one of these countries.In February 2017, the Ningd era invested 30 million euros in the Finnish Vémed Motors Company Ltd. (valmetatautotiveoy) and acquired the company's Vémed Motors.
Twenty-two percent of the shares, and both sides will work together on technical cooperation in the area of electric cars. In March 2018, the Ninder era, with the power cell orders of the popular group meb electric vehicle platform, became the only popular motor vehicle in China for the time being.
I. Global procurement priorities for the power cell industry at the meb platform. In early May 2018, Sabineangermann, the Daimler Group purchasing manager, publicly stated at a press conference that the Daimler Group and Ninder Damler-Benz had already joined the group.
The New Energy for the Time (Catl) Ltd. signed a contract, which led to the Ningde era entering the Daimler battery supply system. In May 2018, the Nindian spokesman stated that Japanese car manufacturers would use Chinese battery from the Ningde era, the first electric car-free version produced in China, and were expected to be marketed in China in the second half of 2018.
In May 2018, Renault also decided to use the Nender-era vehicle batteries on the purely electric version of the under-development mini-car "Kangoo." Renault Car, May 2018, reported that Honda's vehicle would be developed in cooperation with the world's largest battery manufacturer, Ninder Age, based on flying depth.
Honda's car, an electric car with a target range of 300 km, is expected to be on the market in the first half of 2020. 2.2 First-line domestic rivals: business patterns and technological advantages achieved in the Ningde era
The main advantages of the Ningde and Biade economies in the domestic first-line battery industries are the business pattern and the three-dollar technology lead, as follows:
The energy density of the new 811 battery system in the Ningde era can be as high as 170wh/kg, which is about 6% more than the triple 622pack of Biadi 160wh/kg. The fast-filling technology, the 4c recharge technology of the Ningde era, is also in the lead.
Cost: Big power core and 811 battery technology have a more cost-effective capacity of 153ah in the Ningde era, with about 5% cost advantage over the Byadi system of 115ah. In 2019, Byadi's main push product was $622, while Ningde's main push product was 811.
We believe that the cost advantage of 811 over the cost advantage of 622 will be more pronounced when the industrial chain is stabilized. Profitability: Biadi batteries are used primarily for self-supply, with Māori rates remaining between 9 and 15 per cent in 2014-2017, business pattern: between 2014 and 2018, Biadi power cell domestic cities maintained around 20 per cent while Nin
The German era rose from 4% in 2014 to 41% in 2018. Earlier on, Biadei built up its own downstream new energy, and the motor power cell demand, but because of its single client structure, it did not expand the entire company, and the country’s leading position was gradually replaced by the Ninder era.
But its downstream competition with its customers is still in place, and other car factories are still more inclined to buy products from firms that do not compete with themselves. The Ninder era, when new domestic energy cars grew in tandem, saw market shares rise, and joint ventures have been established with North, East, Upper, Broad, Gilly, etc.
Figure 29: Cost advantages of 811 over 622 after the industrial chain has reached steady state
2.3 The domestic second-line rival: The Ningde era has a clear supply pattern in which car companies hope to introduce competition in terms of cost and quality. But the Ningde era has a significant lead in the domestic second-line power cell industry, regardless of technology, cost, and business patterns, so we think that Ningde has a strong lead.
The pattern of the time is clear. The following is the analysis: Energy density: the only company in the world with a volume square ncm811 capacity, pack energy density of 170wh/kg, or the highest in the world;
Fast charge capacity: The only global supplier with a capacity to charge 4c, without a significant reduction in energy density, could reduce the speed charge time by car from 40 to 11.25min (with a slightly lower energy density and a little short-yielding application), a technology leading by one generation of products;
▪ Cost advantages: Without complete data, but based on an analysis of the Ningde era cost lead domestic scale effects: the largest domestic output, with the best procurement prices available; Upstream technology penetration: the Nind era is one of the few power core plants with access to upstream materials.
Upstream material layout: acquisition of positive materials through Bump-buretted material with an advantage in cost; Large core downlays: large core capacity, with an advantage in the use of structural elements and production efficiency; 811 downloads: we believe that the Trinity 811 battery industrial chain is stable, compared to 523
With a cost advantage of about 12 per cent, the company or the only global producer with the capacity to produce a volume square of 811 is the Māori ratio: the Ningde-era Māori ratio is better than that of other manufacturers, assuming that the prices of the different plants are the same, the Ningde-era has a cost advantage.
Business patterns: The company ' s market share in the main car factory increased slightly in 2018, maintaining a joint venture with the largest domestic front-line plants, such as North Gas, East Wind, Upper Steam, Broad Steam and Gilley, with deep binding and a stable top 10 customer structure:
The company ' s share in the North gas market was generally stable in 2018, with a slight drop in the upper gas, which was maintained at 60 per cent and above 80 per cent, respectively: in 2018, the company ' s share in the West Wind market rose significantly to 80 per cent and about 50 per cent;
In 2018, the company’s share in Yutong’s market was further advanced, reaching more than 90% successfully, and the Ningd’s Bill, which tied it deep to the progress of the battery project, invested a total of $4.626 billion in a construction cycle of 24 months.
On December 20, 2018, the company signed a joint venture contract with Zhejiang Jiyun Motors Ltd. to co-finance the joint venture. The joint venture company notes that the capital of the Gilly Group was RMB 1 billion, of which 510 million, or 51 per cent, was spent in the Ningde era, 490 million, or 49 per cent, were invested in the future.
The need for further replenishment is determined by separate negotiations between the two parties.
3. Historical performance review: three years of revenue growth of 23 times, and scale-driven net interest rate reversal of 3.1 main product: lithium batteries and lithium battery materials. The company’s main product is lithium battery materials and lithium batteries.
It is divided into cores (cells), modules (modules) and battery systems (packs) and can be divided into power cells and storage cells depending on the area of downstream application.
The annual compound growth rate of operating income and net return profits for the company for the last three years has been 185% and 315% respectively, and 36% for the previous year. q1-q3 in 2018, the company achieved operating income of 19.36 million yuan, the same amount.
This represents a 60% increase; a net profit of 2,379 million yuan is a 7.47% increase in the same year, with the company's primary business being lithium batteries, which are divided into power cells and storage cells depending on the downstream application landscape. Power cells benefit from the rise of new energy vehicles downstream, making them the primary collectors.
The main driver of the growth in source and collection was the 76.8 per cent of the revenue generated by 2018h1, with lithium battery materials being the upstream lithium battery product, leading the company's new strategic layout business, which ranked second among the company's main business, with 2018h1 accounting for 18.7 per cent of the revenue.
Lithium battery material is mainly derived from the subsidiary Guangdong Bamp Cycle Technology Ltd.. Since the acquisition was completed in 2015, lithium battery material has received 10.4 per cent, 4.1 per cent and 12.4 per cent of the total, respectively; Lithium batteries are still in the demonstration import phase in the field of storage energy, with more volatile harvests, 2014-2017
3.3 The scale effect drives a reversal of net interest rates of 2018q3
Corporate R & D expenditures are ranked first in the country. Legchem. and Samsungsdi are higher than they were in the Ningde era because of the variety of business, but, if converted to battery as a share of total revenue, R & D expenditures are the same as in the Ningde era. High R & D spending is a strong guarantee of the Ningde era technology and cost leadership.
▪ The trend towards standardization of products, the scale effect driving down cost rates, the reversal of net interest rates, the upgrading of product standardization, the stabilization of costs over time, in particular expenditure on management costs (including R & D costs), and the decline in management costs as sales scale increases.
Corporate business development has been scaled up and profitability has increased with scale; corporate profitability has declined as product prices continue to fall; and corporate net interest rates have risen again in 2018 as a result of economies of scale and lower management and R & D rates, despite a stable M & D rate in the company.
Figure 54: Top spending on R&D in the Ninder era (millions of dollars)4 - projected output: battery output is the highest in the world, market share is expected to rise further in the future, 4.1 competition patterns are clear and power cells are growing at an annual rate of 40 per cent
The first pattern of installation in the Ningde era was stable, and the share of the country's cities rose further to 41%, and the company's performance maintained a high rate of growth, with the power cell cagr rising at 212% in almost four years, against the background of the approval of most car companies.
No data is available for loading, but the Ningde era is likely to hold the top share of the global market in 2017. By 2022, power cell cagr would have been about 40% in the domestic market: by 2022, companies would have maintained a supply pattern at home and with most of the cars.
The power-cell rate will rise further to about 50 per cent in the case of a joint venture with a car company, whose capacity will be released by the joint venture, if installed in equity values (era-high, age-wide, 51 per cent), Ning will stabilize at around 42 per cent in the German era.
Overseas markets: the company has entered most of the overseas vehicle suppliers’ catalogues and has a local branch to support sample development. Assuming that in 2022 the company will have a 15% or 3% market share in Europe and North America, respectively, the combined domestic market will produce 40% of the annual composite power cell growth by 2022.
Figure 65: Dynamic battery loads and projections for the Ninder era 4.2 energy storage cells gradually transition from demonstration import to initial phase, and in the last four years, lithium batteries are still at demonstration import stage in the field of storage energy, and the company's business is more volatile than in the past four years.
In the future, as the storage industry transitions to an initial stage, the volume of lithium batteries will increase further. The Nender era has already signed with the Fujian Investment Group, among others, the Jinjiang Large Lithium Battery Facility, which is to be implemented in three phases, bringing the annual volume of storage batteries to over 1 gwh, and the corresponding city share will rise to about 14%.
4.3 The recycling of lithium-cell material in layout is significant. The shipment of lithium-cell material in the Ningde era was 80 per cent cagr in 2015-2017. Of this, 30,000 tons were delivered in 2017, accounting for about 14 per cent and 8 per cent, respectively, nationally and globally.
The global cobalt reserves are limited, rare metals, and are expensive. Three-dollar materials are affected by the rise in cobalt prices, which rose from 147.5 million tons in early 2016 to a peak of 240,000 tons, or 63 per cent. The company ' s lithium battery materials consist mainly of pre-triple drive products, plus the recovery of valuable metals such as nickel and cobalt-manganese from used batteries.
With the end of the first batch of electric cars coming, the company’s lithium cell material business may become one of the main underpinnings of profit. The average annual rate of growth of the company’s lithium battery material is projected to be about 39% over the next five years.
The company has invested a lot of resources in Europe to support model testing in cars, and in the European market, where electric cars were marketed around 2021, we predict a sustained increase in the volume of company exports to the European market starting in 2021, assuming that the company and the global power cell market patterns are initially stable by 2025, so we're...
Assuming a 20 per cent occupancy rate for new energy vehicles in Europe, North America and China in 2025, battery installation requirements are in order of 249gwh (three dollars), 261gwh (three dollars), 347gwh (three dollars (three dollars) + 93gwh lithium);
Assuming that 80 per cent of the three-dollar products from the Ninder era were modular, and that the rest of the three-dollars and lithium were packed on the basis of the above assumptions, if optimistic projections were to be made that companies would benefit from lower upstream nickel and cobalt prices and other materials and some of their own precipitation factors in Europe, North America and China, respectively, in 2019
▪ Assumption I: 15 per cent decline in average battery prices and 34 per cent increase in the company ' s Māori rate; increase in net parent interest rate  Assumption II: 20 per cent decrease in average battery prices and approximately 31 per cent remain stable in the company ' s Māori rate; small increase in net parent interest rates to 13 per cent; net return returns of $5.08 billion, an increase of 36 per cent over the same period.
▪ Assumption III: the average price of batteries dropped by 25 per cent and the company ' s Māori rate fell to 27 per cent; scenario IV: the average price of batteries fell by 30 per cent and the company ' s Māori rate fell to 21 per cent; the net interest rate of the parent fell to 6 per cent; and the net profit of the parent was achieved by 2.23 billion, a 40 per cent decline in the same year.
Based on the current progress in negotiating the price of the entire car factory and the battery plant, we believe that the price of the battery in 2019 is about US$1.70, $2.32 and $2.84, respectively, are forecast for profit and recommended for investment.
Given the supply agreements with several well-known companies abroad, which have yet to be delivered on a large scale, the company will be able to generate new energy vehicles at a slower rate than expected in the next four to five years, and nearly 80 per cent of the company's main business will be power cells, which will be used downstream mainly for new energy vehicles.
Cars. New-energy cars still have short-range, slow-loading and high-high-scratches compared to conventional cars, and demand is largely influenced by policy factors such as road rights, subsidies, etc. Motion battery sales in the report are projected to increase by 26% per year compared to new-energy cars in the future, if not downstream cars.
It is also expected that there will be a risk of less than expected sales of power cells.
A drop in the price of batteries, if the rate of decline is higher than expected, would result in a decline in the profitability of the company, with reference to the battery price pressure test in chapter 5.2 of the report.
Corporate cost accounting is based on varying degrees of decline in the price of battery materials, in particular the higher probability of fluctuations in the prices of lithium carbonate and cobalt sulphate upstream, and the potential for corporate profitability if prices of upstream materials fall less than expected.
The downside of the new energy vehicle subsidy is more dependent on the subsidy than expected, with 50 per cent coverage generally above 50,000, which, if accelerated, could affect the volume and prices of the company ' s products, thus affecting its profitability.
The new technology has not produced as much as expected, and there is a certain technical risk that the 811 battery technology will not be produced in official quantities.
Analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market shows that: score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment