The growth in performance was in line with expectations, with a three-monthly report from the company in 2023 issued by the stock build-up and the M&A. The performance of the company grew well and the performance of the company grew well. On the evening of 27 October 2023, the gold from Shandong was released.
Quarterly report 2023. In the first three quarters of 2023, the company achieved a revenue of $41.323 billion, compared with current operating income of $13.898 billion, an increase of 38.95 per cent; the net return on maternity was stable at $465 million, and production and sales are expected to be successfully completed throughout the year.
In the third quarter, the company ' s own production was stable at about 10.14 tons, roughly the same level as in the second quarter, and the company was organizing four quarters of its work in accordance with the annual production and operation plan.
The bottom balance increased by 3,358 million yuan, or 62.68 per cent. The main factor is the three-quarter silver gold table. The company has assessed the stock of silver gold, and the value added of the assessment is the main reason for the increase in stock in the three-quarter gold paper in Shandong.
• Mergers and prospecting in both directions, with a further increase in resource reserves in 52 weeks' maximum/minimum price 1) formalization of primary silver and Thai gold, with a combined share of approximately 23.1 per cent of silver and Thai gold and completion of wealth
In addition, through this acquisition, the company achieved a resource layout in the south-west and north-east, increasing the competitiveness of the company. 2) The Jiao Mine Integration Project: the project continues, and the company plans to invest in Shandong Gold Group Ltd.
About $8,273 million (of which $7,383 million is to be raised in a non-public manner) will be used for the consolidation and development of the mine area. The project will be built over a period of six years, reaching 6.6 million tons per year of post-partum mining capacity, corresponding to approximately 18.85 tons of mineral gold production.
The gold mines of thorium, the gold mines of San Francisco and 1.07 tons of new gold metal from prospecting are 3.58 tons, 2.5 tons, 1.85 tons and 1.07 tons, respectively, with less than expected macroeconomics; higher interest rates for the Federal Reserve; and less than expected capacity-building.
The data used in the present report are derived from information that we believe is now publicly available and, through independent judgements and conclusions, seeks independence, objectivity, fairness, and the conclusions of the report are not shared with other parts and persons of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, foundations, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.