Performance at higher gold prices, forward growth of self-generated gold, Shandong gold (600547), investment event: 3-quarterly report by the company in 2023, and business income achieved by the company in the first three quarters of 2023
41,323 million yuan, an increase of 3.75 per cent over the same period; net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies of 1,345 million yuan, with a steady increase in production and a single-quarter rise in gold prices: average cash of domestic gold in the third quarter of 2023
Up to $459.33/g, an increase of 19.52 per cent and a 2.63 per cent increase in the same year. The company produced 29.71 tons of its own money in the previous three quarters, a decrease of 1.97 per cent in the same year, and a 75 per cent reduction in the production completion guide of 39.64 tons, a higher level of completion. Of these, 10.14 million tons in the third quarter, an increase of 1.7 per cent and a 0.45 per cent decline in the same quarter.
The growth in gold prices boosted the company’s Māori rate by 1.7 percentage points and the ring by 3.96 percentage points. At the end of the third quarter, the company’s inventory rose by 88 per cent and the ring by 113 per cent.
The company’s future growth path for its own production and reserves is clear: the endogenous side, the construction of a world-class gold production base in vegetable state, the integration of the Xiao family gold mine, the expected injection of the Western Ridge gold mine, and the expansion of the San Francisco and Linglong gold mine. On the outreach side, the holding stock of silver and Thai gold resources has been raised again, and the competition for the Gansu Bridge continues.
There's a new city outside the province of gold mining rights; overseas, the Catino project is going well, and there's an investment proposal: the Fed's interest increase is coming to an end, and next year's rate of interest reduction is about to start, and counter-globalization is taking place, and gold is expected to rise in the middle of the next round because of the political turmoil and the rise in its value as a hedge metal.
The company, as the leader of the domestic gold industry, has a multi-dimensional acquisition of resources through endogenous integration and extension, with no production expected to increase significantly, and the price of the gold overhang will release the company’s performance. The risks of a sharp fall in the company’s gold prices are expected; and the risks associated with the company’s new construction projects fall short of expectations.
[Galactic colour] The company evaluates the growth and growth of the gold in Shandong, pending my commitment to work diligently, independently and objectively, to present this report, which clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.