Shandong Gold (600547.sh) - Three-quarter review 2023.
One-quarter performance continued to grow. In the first three quarters of 2023, the company produced 29.71 tons of its own capital, a decline of 1.97 per cent in the same year; earned 41,323 million yuan in operating income, an increase of 3.75 per cent in the same year; lost 1.345 billion yuan in net profit, an increase of 94.12 per cent in the same year. In the first quarter of the third quarter, the company produced 10.14 tons of its own capital, a decline in the ring.
During the 14th Five-Year Plan, the Shandong Gold Group set a strategic goal to “take a global lead and be the world's top five” to produce 80 tons of mineral gold and more than 3,300 tons of resource reserves by 2025. In line with the strategic objective, the company undertook a number of large-scale construction projects.
52 weeks of maximum/lowest price project. Currently, sub-well drilling in Sansan Island, co-welling in Jiajia gold mine, work in Chu Guo Li master well, work in Ju Gu Gu Li sub-well, and work in Namutini, Katino Resources, Ghana, is progressing well.
In the future, the company’s gold production is expected to continue to rise as the expansion project reaches production. Mergers buy silver and gold, and reserves increase.
Metal mines have benefited from high grades, low costs of gold production, high profitability, and a net return profit of 1.118 billion yuan in the first three quarters of 2023. In December 2022, the company signed an agreement on the transfer of shares with Silver Thai Investments Ltd. of China and Mr. Shen Guojun, and the company is going to be offered to Mr. Shen and Mr. Silver Tai of China.
The combined share of 20.93 per cent of silver and Thai gold held by the capital limited company, with a transfer price of $12.76 billion, has been acquired to control silver and Thai gold, which has been added to the second-tier market by holding 641 million shares in silver and gold, or 23.1 per cent of the total share capital.
Cost increases during a single season. The company advanced in depth the “full-time, full-time, full-factor, full-time process.” The mid-year assessment of the gold in Shandong (600547.sh)-2023 - the gold price scenario, the same performance as the systematic reduction of efficiency gains, and the refinement of the efficiency delivery programme and appraisal system.
The Division’s sales and management rates fell by 0.13, 1.26 percentage points to 0.22 per cent on a year-by-year basis, and the investment proposal: the company focused on the gold industry, with several expansions moving ahead in an orderly manner, and the gold production is expected to increase significantly in the coming years. Given the cost changes, we have revised our performance projections downwards to anticipate the company’s performance.
Realization of operating income of $41,323 million, an increase of 3.75 per cent over the same period; net return to mothers of $1,345 million, an increase of 94.12 per cent over the same period. In the third quarter of the quarter, the company produced 10.14 tons of own-account cash, a decline of 0.44 per cent in the ring ratio; and steady progress on priority projects to achieve a steady increase in gold production.
In line with its strategic objectives, the company has undertaken a number of large-scale construction projects. At present, the Mishima sub-wells have been drilled, the Jia family gold wells have been mixed, the Chu Guo family master well works and the Chu Gu Li family.
The sub-well works were well under way: the construction of the Namutini mine plant at Katino Resources, Ghana, was well under way, the long-cycle equipment was fully procured, the manufacturing phase was nearing completion, and the mine support works were proceeding as planned. In the future, the company's gold production was expected to start with the expansion project.
Silver-Thai gold has four gold mines, Black River Galaxy, Gilling Board temples, Qinghai Big Chaidan, Hua Sein gold mines (which are to be restored), one lead zinc-Golden polymetal gold mine, high quality, low cost of company gold production, high profitability, and net return to the mother by the third quarter of 2023.
In December 2022, the company signed an agreement on the transfer of shares with the Chinese company Silver Thai Investment Company Ltd. and Mr. Shen Guojun Army, which is intended to receive 20.93% of the sum of silver and Thai gold held by Mr. Shen's army and the Chinese company Silver and Thai Investment Company Ltd. The transfer price is 12.76 billion yuan. Control over silver and Thai gold has been completed.
In the first three quarters, the company's sales fees were increased by the first three quarters.
(b) Research and development (R & D) investment proposals: companies focus on the gold industry, multiple expansion projects are proceeding in an orderly manner, and gold production in the coming years. The authors ensure that the data used in the reports are derived from compliance channels. The logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusions.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author