Non-financial first-cover report on coal and coal mining Investment rating: buy-in (first-time)
The conglomerates are profitable, and the co-contributors contribute to the long-sizing value of the company, the Central Coal Group, and the Central Coal Corporation. The shareholders in the company are the China Coal Group, and the conglomerates in the coal plate \triangleright
One of the leading companies, with its rich coal resources, its revenues and its Maori share of about 80%, and its active implementation of the industry chain development model, has begun to form an integrated coal development model. Corporate profitability is stable, enjoying the profits from rising coal prices and showing a far greater degree of stability in the industry than it is in the future.
Liu Xiaoning's cash flow, which leads to a steady decline in the asset-liability ratio. Coal reserves are rich in production and high-heat values are highly profitable.
At the same time, the company has a market share of the industry, with an authorized capacity of 165 million tons in coal-producing mines and an interest capacity in producing coal.
Quedage, which amounts to 144 million tons, increased corporate coal sales from less than 80 million tons to nearly 140 million tons between 2018 and 2024, and is still in the process of producing 6.4 million tons of reeds and reeds, which are expected to be operational by the end of 2025, with increased capacity.
In addition, the company has a long-term high-level association of directors, with 75% in 2025, fully safeguarding the coal industry based on the TDC “baseline price plus floating price” price.
Chemical profits have reached scale, production capacity continues to unleash new growth poles. Companies use coal as a key factor in integrating their industrial chains.
At the entry point, by the end of 2024, the coal industry had achieved an effective hedge in production capacity of 120/1775/365.4 million tonnes of polyvinyl hydrocarbons/urea/methanol/ammonium nitrate and 90/23 million tonnes of polyvinyl hydrocarbons/methanol and continued improvement in production capacity.
Looking ahead, with the company’s coal-chemical project coming into operation, polyolefins and methanol production is expected to increase further, and it is expected that Māori will contribute to a steady increase in the coal-chemical industry. Roughness, low asset-debt ratios, and still room for improvement over industry averages, will continue to rise.
\triangleright has the potential to grow, and the “buy-in” rating is expected to be given for the first time, with a continuous increase in the rate of dividends under market value management, both profitable stability and growth, with a high score expected.
The Chinese coal energy, the main engine of coal under the China Coal Group, has high-quality and rich coal resources, a high proportion of the COA has guaranteed the company's relatively stable coal price, and a high-quality resource endowment has enabled the company to achieve its business.
Intra- and low-cost marketing costs, thereby achieving stable profits from coal operations. The company’s active diversification of the production chain, based on the coal master industry, has developed an integrated coal growth pattern, leaving more coal in the body, opening up a second-growth curve and further ironing coal prices, increasing profitability and increasing profitability.
In addition, as a company listed as a coal company, the company is well-funded and has low debt ratios, responding positively to the market value management reforms of the company, increasing the frequency of dividends and increasing the share of dividends, and is expected to move towards higher dividends in the future.
Prices of coal are expected to fall above expectations, prices of chemical products are expected to fall above expectations, and the pace of the new energy transition has accelerated considerably.
China Coal Energy was launched by the China Coal Group in August 2006, was listed in December 2006 in h shares, and in February 2008 in a shares account. The company is based on coal mining and marketing, involving coal-chemicals, coal mine equipment and electricity, and the coal mines are located in Shanxi, Inner Mongolia, Xinxi, Jiangsu, Xinjiang, Xinjiang, Xinjiang, Xinjiang, Xinjiang.
By the end of 2024, China Coal held 58.41% of the company’s shares, directly and indirectly. By the end of 2024, China Coal had two listed coal companies, in addition to China Coal, which directly held 30.31% of the new energy stock, and Shanghai Shanghai Energy, which held 62.43% of the company’s shares.
The company produces about 165 million tons of certified coal, 23.5 million tons of certified coal in new aggregate energy, 9.9 million tons of certified coal in Shanghai, and the company is the largest coal marketing platform under the banner of the China Coal Group. Coal is the base and the industrial chain is developed.
83.9 per cent. At the same time, the company has been active in the development of coal and coal power pools, coal power and renewable energy pools, which have now formed four major businesses: coal, coal-chemicals, coal-mine equipment, and finance, with a Māori ratio of 24.6 per cent for each operation in 2024, and Huavuansecurities, respectively.
Coal: High-heat-rich and highly profitable, rich and concentrated coal resources are in the top three coal companies. By the end of 2024, the company had 26.5 billion tons of coal, 13.8 billion tons of recoverables, and ranked third and second among the listed coal companies in 2024.
The company produced 138 million tons of coal, the third highest in the listed coal companies, after China’s Shunhua and Xiangxi coal industry. In terms of the amount of resources and the amount of coal sold, the company is in the third largest coal company on the market.
In the case of coal-powered coal, the share of coal-powered coal-fired, coal-fired, smoke-free coal-free coal reserves is 87.7%, 11.1%, 1.1% respectively, 22 of which are listed in coal-producing mines with an authorized capacity of 165 million tons, which sustains the growth in production and distribution. The Chinese coal energy owner is to operate coal-mining operations under the flag and a listed subsidiary, and by the end of 2024 the company was listed as having 22 coal-producing mines.
In addition, the company has 17.7 million tonnes of equity coal in three equity companies, further strengthening the productive base of the coal industry. Thanks to its productive capacity, the production and sale of the company ' s own produce rose from 77 million tonnes in 2018.
At present, the company also has reed ditches, two of which are in the process of being constructed, with an approved capacity of 6.4 million tons, an equity capacity of 3.24 million tons, which is expected to be operational by the end of 2025, and the company’s high-quality capacity continues to improve.
One billion tons of equity capacity, 75.8 per cent, benefited from the resources of high-quality coal-producing areas. The company ' s coal base, with a higher heating value, is located in the Shanxi province, the Grand Card; in the Shaanxi province, the company ' s coal mine is located in the stun-tung mining area, with an average heat value of about 5,300 kcals; and in inner Mongolia, the company ' s coal mine is located in the Hugilt and Narin river mining area, with an average heat value of about 5,000 kcals.
At the same time, companies can raise the heat value of coal products by washing it. According to the company, in the first half of 2023, the average heat value of powered coal outside the company's plain mines was about 4,400 kcals, while the average heat value of powered coal sold outside the company was about 5,500 kcal, and we assumed that the company could sell powered coal close to 5,000 kcals in general. The company produces about 11 million tons of coal per year, mainly in China.
Coal is located in the south-western sub-state of the mountain, where coal is cokered at a higher price than power coal. The Congbo Coal ratio is 75%, with a high proportion of CGAI increasing profit stability. The company strictly enforces national requirements for long- and medium-term contracts for electricity and coal, signing and performing, etc., and in 2025, the CAC Co-Coal rate was no less than 75% of its own resources, and the compliance rate is no less than that.
90%, and the number of medium- and long-term contracts has remained stable overall since 2024. Since the price of coal fluctuated less than market coal, and the current price of “base + floating” coal in the port of Qin is higher than market coal, companies may benefit from a higher proportion of coal, achieving a more stable and excellent level of profit during a period of low coal prices.
Coal prices and costs are at the top of the industry. We have selected Chinese gods, Xiangxi coal industry, Jinxi coal industry, Mountain Coal International as comparable companies, comparing average prices of coal produced by themselves, ton coal cost, ton coal, ton coal rate. In 2024, average prices of coal produced by companies, ton coal cost, ton coal ratio, ton coal ratio, ton coal, ton Maori, ton coal, ton coal, ton coal, ton, torco rate, respectively.
At the end of 2024, the company ' s coal industry had completed the production of polyolefins/urea/.
In addition, the company is involved in co-generation energy, extension of the energy industry of the coal sulfon forests in China and 831.96 million tons of polyolefins/methanol equity.
In the future, with the company’s coal industry project in progress, polyolefins and methanol production are expected to increase further, and it is expected that Māori will contribute to a steady increase in coal industry. We assume that the company will sell power coal each year in 2025-2027, at a price, and at a cost of tons of coal, respectively.
China’s major power-driven coal companies, Senghua, Shaanxi Coal, and Jinxi Coal, were selected as comparable companies, with an average of 11.4, 10.8, 10.4 times higher than the company’s 2025-2027 pe. China’s coal energy is listed as the main power-driven coal company under the banner of the Chinese Coal Group, with high-quality and abundant coal resources.
A high proportion of CO2 has secured relatively stable coal prices for companies, and high-quality resource endowments have enabled companies to achieve low-cost sales costs in their industries, thereby achieving stable profits from coal operations. Companies actively extend down the chain of industry through multi-metagical alliances based on coal masters, creating an integrated growth pattern of coalification, leaving more coal values in their bodies.
In addition, China’s market-market management or promotion of companies has entered the crediting phase, with the possibility of a raise in the future of sufficient cash. On that day, the CSRC, at its 2024 work session on the system, expressed its strong commitment to promoting the predictability of listed companies, more active repurchase write-offs, cash transfers, and the integration of market value into the system of appraisal and evaluation of the company’s enterprises.
The company, as the leading company in the coal industry, had an overall bonus of more than 30% in 2023 and 2024, with sufficient monetary capital and undistributed profits and still room for improvement over the industry average. At present, the companype valuation is lower than that of comparable companies, and is expected to return to valuation and enjoy robust growth as the bonus ratio rises.
The company’s main industry is coal mining and marketing, if the price of the coal market continues to fall, or has a significant impact on the company’s profits as a whole.
If the price of chemical products falls above expectations, or affects the company’s prospects for profitable growth. 3) New energy sources accelerate the risk of replacing fire power. The pace of the new energy transition has increased considerably, and it may be possible that the traditional energy demand, such as coal, has given me a personal view of the target securities and issuers.
No part of the remuneration received by a person has been, is not, will not be, and will not be, directly or indirectly linked to specific investment opinions or views in the present report.