Heil Jijit (600690.sh) mid-2023 reported a steady growth in domestic and foreign operations and a steady improvement in the quality of their operations.
In the first half of 2023, the company achieved $131.63 billion, with robust performance, a steady increase in global multi-brand sales, and a continuing improvement in profits driven by digital change. In the second quarter, domestic revenue grew faster, and air-conditioning operations performed better.
8.6 to 70.35 billion, of which q1 has grown by 8 per cent in the main household electricity business and is expected to increase by q2. There has been an increase in the country ' s main product categories, with air conditioners rising by a good 2.3 per cent to a card in the freezer of h1, Casateh ' s share of 14.2 per cent/+1.4 pct, and Fisher Pike ' s share in the country has also begun to fall.
At the end of the channel, the company promotes the transition to retail mode through institutional change, with a focus on the shoppingmall and the front channel, enhancing the market's sales and transformational capacity.
With high inflation and consumption pressure, h1 the size of the major electricity markets abroad has declined. But companies continue to promote high-end strategies, innovative products tailored to local demand, marketing channels, and income growth.
The growth ranged from 8.8 to 66.92 billion, of which North America/Europe/Australia/South Asia/South-East Asia/Japan consistently increased the quality of profits in the same country, with overseas profit margins under pressure. The company ' s q2 Māori ratio increased by 0.3 pct to 32.1% in the same year, and is expected to rise in terms of lower raw material costs, supply chain efficiency, and overseas.
q2 sales and management costs have been slightly optimized, R & D costs have been flat, interest expenditures have been affected by overseas interest hikes, and there has been a slight increase of 0.2 pct over the period, but operating costs have been more efficient. q2 companies have increased their net interest rates by 0.3 pct to 0.3 pct.
Heir Jiist (600690/sh)-2022 Annual Review: Four Quarters Disturbed by the epidemic, Heir Jiist (600690/sh) 2022 Quarterly Review: Global Reverse Income Growth 9.8%/13.6%, Air Conditioning Profit Doubled; Overseas Profit Rates 0.7 pct-0.
Hale Jiist (600,690.sh)-2022 reported a mid-year review: a steady rise in income, with an increase of 5.2%. Overseas profits are expected to be restored as overseas demand warms and high-cost inventory deconstructs.
Hale Jiist (600690/sh) 2021 Annual Report Review: Four Quarters of Business Resilient Investment Recommendations: Adjusting Profit Forecasts to Maintain “buy-in” ratings.
Figure 4: Company single-season net profit return and rate of increase, Figure 3: Corporate net profit return and rate of increase, Figure 5: Corporate Māori rate and net interest rate
Figure 6: Māori rate and net interest rate for a company per quarter
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject