Heil Jijit: Strong performance growth, excellent performance overseas q2 income robust and impressive growth in air-conditioning operations. q2 companies achieved operating income of $6.656 billion, or +8.04 per cent.
By region, 23h1 China ' s smart household business generated income of 70,353 million yuan, compared with Birao Kaiyang + 8.6 per cent, of which the refrigerator freezer industry generated income of 22,245 million yuan, an increase of 2.3 per cent over the same period;
The domestic income from domestic household air conditioning h1 increased by 25 per cent, compared to +18.9 per cent; the whole-house water solution is currently generating $7.448 billion, an increase of 10.2 per cent.
23h1 overseas operations generated 66,917 million yuan, or +8.8 per cent, of which the markets of North America, Europe, Australasia, South Asia, South-East Asia and Japan achieved operating income respectively.
In the first half of the year, the revenue from syndromic products was raised by 6 pct, while the share of the online channel Casatine brand was increased by 1.4 pcct to 14.2 per cent, with improved profitability and higher interest rates abroad delaying financial costs.h1 companies achieved a Māori rate of 30.44 per cent.
The increase in the Māori rate in the domestic market has largely benefited from initiatives such as price reductions for bulk raw materials, digital changes in procurement and R & D, and upgrading of the industry’s chain ratios, despite product structural optimization and capacity utilization in overseas markets.
Upgraded, however, the Māori rate has fallen back in the same year due to increased industry competition and high-cost inventories. q2 companies increased their sales, management, R & D, financial cost rates in comparison to -0.003/-interest expenditure, respectively, offsetting the increased interest income of companies through more efficient fund management.
With the benefit of an improvement in the Māori rate, q2 companies achieved a net return profit of $4,993 million, sufficient cash on the same books, and an increase in net operating cash flows.
It's a thousand years away, and three-wing birds can fly by the wind.
The total liability for the last company contract was $62.51 million, compared to the end of 22 years and 33.00 per cent.
\triangleright Unexpected, unsatisfied/scene product education, high exchange rate fluctuations, leaching & management double degree. Used to work in commercial communications equipment development in tp-link hardware development.
New wealth in 2015 and 2017, third place at school in 2017, gold bull prizes in 2017, water development centre in 2019, research in the household electricity industry. Yoon Sundai, research assistant in the household electricity industry. Master ' s degree in regional economics, University College, London, Corvinus University, Budapest.
In 2022, he joined the Credit Certificate, a study in the household appliances industry, covering white power, small household electricity, and parts and components. Yuko, member of the team. Master of Finance, Bachelor of Economics and Business, University College, London.
The components are not, are not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications of the CVM-resumed securities investment consultancy business.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.