Hale's home appliances (600690) have been growing steadily, and the air conditioning industry has been growing rapidly.
Sub-products show a steady growth in the industry of the company ' s refrigerators, washing machines, water heaters, etc. The industry of the company maintained a steady growth of 22.25 billion yuan, a 2.3% increase: 7% for the domestic market: 15.35 billion yuan for the garment network industry.
In the air solution industry, where air conditioning was the main product, the increase was 3.8 per cent in the same period in 2022, while in the heat-driven market demand on the one hand, the heat of the weather, and in the firm systematization, high-end layouts, the public air solution industry achieved revenue of $23.15 billion, an increase of 18.9 per cent over the same period in 2022.
Subtract efficiency gains have continued to deepen and cost rates have been slightly optimized. During the reporting period, the combined Māori rate for companies was 30.4 per cent, and 1) prices of bulk raw materials have declined; 2) changes in digitized procurement and research and development end to optimize business processes; 3) while offshore markets have continued to optimize product structure and improved capacity utilization, interest expenditure has increased with interest increases.
Integration promotes product harvests, and the high-end transformations abroad are steadily moving forward. 1) The company's Casati brand has increased the intake ratio of organized products by 6 pp in the first half of 2023, through continuous product orientation, enhanced coiling and deeper contact layout. 2) The company has developed its overseas market network and enhanced its end-tailoring capacity by inducing it.
Lead products drive high-end transformations, raise the price index for overseas products, and increase their share. As companies’ three-wing birds continue to become more competitive in designing, marketing, and service packages, overseas demand is gradually recovering, and companies are expected to grow robustly as global power poles.
The company's global layout, industry's leading position, high-end advantage in sea travel (2023-04-04) 3. Hale's think-tank (600690): global synergy, battalion.
No compensation of any kind has been obtained either directly or indirectly as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.