The semi-annual review of Hale Jiist (600690) 2023: the company published its mid-2023 report, which generated a total operating income of $131,627 million, an increase from the same period the previous year. In the first half of 2023, the company operated steadily well. On a quarterly basis, in 2023, q1 and q2, the company ran its business.
Among these, the net profits from the single two quarters and the return of mothers are at a record high in the next quarter. The firm’s first half of the year has been steadily improving, mainly because of: (a) the multi-brand layout advantage, the enrichment of brands, and the opportunities for market growth, broken down by segment: (b) the in-depth development of overseas market networks and the enhancement of end retailing capacity.
China’s smart family business has grown steadily. In the first half of 2023, the company’s smart family business was realized.
Millions of dollars, a 7.5 per cent increase in the same year, and the same increase in the share under the same line; 153.45 per cent of the domestic revenue from the clothing network business, with 25 per cent increase in domestic revenue from domestic air conditioning. Companies continue to deepen the promotion of the three-wing bird platform, optimizing the efficiency of shop operations, increasing the share of domestic refrigerators, washing machines, household air conditioners, water heaters, etc.
Air conditioners, heat pumps, etc. have been growing at a faster rate, of which the North American market has achieved sales revenues of 39.13 million yuan, or 4.5 per cent more, and the core share of electricity has continued to grow; and the European market has achieved sales revenues of 13.278 billion yuan, which is the same.
Increased impact: New Australasia's electricity market held pressure and the company achieved sales revenue of $2.95 billion, 15.5 per cent less than the same year; South Asian markets generated revenue of $5.95 billion, 23.5 per cent more than the same year; South-East Asian markets generated demand opportunities for energy-efficient products, advanced market networks and enhanced end retailing capacity, depending on efficiency.
In the first half of 2023, the company sold 30.4% of its Māori, and in the second half of 2023, it benefited from falling prices of raw materials, changes in the digitization of the procurement and research and development end, and upgrading the supply chain.
Initiatives such as home-grown scale-up, business Māori rates have risen on an equal basis; in the international market, companies have continued to optimize product structure and productivity utilization, but have been influenced by increased competition in major regional industries, the digestion of high-cost inventories, and the decline in overseas Māori rates has been positive, but the ring ratio has improved.
Investment proposals: The company is one of the three leading white power poles in the country, with well-developed overseas channels, risk for sales both at home and abroad; the risk of price volatility of raw materials; the risk of operating abroad; exchange rate risk; and the risk of an epidemic.
The owner is only fit to use a study with a risk level not higher than “middle and low risk”, a study with a “stable” investor only for a risk level not higher than “medium risk”, a study with a “positive” investor only for a risk level not higher than “medium and high risk”, a study with a “radical” investor who is fit to use the various risk levels of our Division, who has the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association to consult on securities investment, and is known independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner.
This report is presented within the context of the circumstances. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in the present report and have not used it.