Deep-farming aipcodm industry, layout of data centres and auto electronics, building a new growth curve — a study on the dynamics of Huaqin Technologies (603296.sh)
▪ 23q3 with steady progress, "2+n+3" strategic planning architecture ivzy@cfsc.com.cn
Hepc@cfsc.com.cn 0.08 pcts, 0.28 pcts down by ring.
At the same time, Chinese technology is engaged in three new business areas: data centre server operations, auto electronics and software operations.
In the field of deep-farming consumer electroodm, companies are expected to benefit from aipc penetration.
In the area of smart phones, the company has become an important supplier to a number of well-known domestic and international terminals, such as Stars, Oppo, Mi, Vivo, Unions and Sony.
In 2021, smartphones reached 160 million, the world’s highest volume. With the growing recognition by major mobile brands of the high-quality, low-cost advantages of the odm model, the penetration of the odm model in the area of smartphones will increase further, according to
In 2025, the Odm mode penetration rate will reach 42%, and Chinese technology is expected to benefit first as a leading player in the field of smartphone odm.
The card supply chain is an important partner with Andre, Amazon, and others. According to the data from Courtpoint, China is ranked first in the world's odm industry in terms of the share of global flat-plate producers in the volume of goods delivered in 2021.
In 2021, more than 10 million laptops were delivered. According to Counterpoint, the company sold about 5% of the global laptop odm/ems. In addition, from chhatgpt to microsoft 365copilot.
The continued presence of the phenomenon-level application at the end of pc increases the trend towards the development of a large model of ai in combination with pc. Aipc embeds a combination of smart algorithms, using cpu+npu+gpu to create a local mix of calculations, allowing natural language interactions for everyone.
We believe that aipc will set in motion a new wave of revolutions in the pc field. Floric technology and co-operation with well-known foreign and domestic end-makers such as Hoyoshi, Huatsu and Mi are expected to take the lead in aipc penetration.
In 2024, according to a group of intellectuals, the aipc development year will bring the volume of aipc to 13 million, pc penetration will be reached, and companies have a wealth of technology in new fields such as smart wearing, ar/vr, etc.
A large number of products have been produced, and data centre operations have grown rapidly and auto electronics have achieved full capacity for services.
The company ' s strategic advance server odm market since 2017, with a range of products including universal servers, asymmetrical artificial intelligence servers, network switches and storage servers, has developed expertise in the field of data centres based on a wealth of industry experience and technology.
These solutions cover planning, design, implementation and maintenance and demonstrate the advanced functionality of the data centre to calculate the hardware architecture.
2023h1 company data centre operating revenue amounted to $2.13 billion, an increase of 48 per cent. Looking back, data centre operations in 2020 amounted to only $492 million, or 2.98 per cent of the total.
Growth curves. In the area of automobile electronics, the company has formed a dedicated research and development team since 2018 in the area of strategic motors electronics. At present, the company has become a full-room service capability in the area of automobile electronics, in smart cabins, smart vehicle controls, smart webs.
Major breakthroughs have been made in the four key areas of U.S. Smart driving. In the smart cockpit domain, companies have made great strides in vehicle-grade smart hardware products, and mainstream seating platforms and smart network products have been developed, covering multiple platforms, and can be derived from them.
In view of the future, the company plans to continuously expand its automobile e-business to international markets such as Japan, Europe, and the United States.
The Division's performance is expected to be sustained, with a “buy-in” rating of investment. Consumer electronic recovery is not as fast as expected; aipc penetration is not as fast as expected; data centres are not operating as expected; the market size of the odm is down; and overseas markets are not moving as fast as expected.
Introduction by Electronics Group: Maozheng University Materials Master, three years of US semiconductor listing experience, and participation in global events
Leading semiconductor company advanced process project, five years ' experience in commodity securities investment, held in Go Yonghau from 2018 to 2020: Dr. Physics, University of Gangdan, successively employed in China Technology Ltd., Eastern Wealth Certificate, Lu Dzhoyang: Master ' s degree, National University of Australia, held in Fangzheng Securities, four years ' experience in research, 2023.
I will not receive any form of compensation either directly or indirectly for, or because of, the specific comments or opinions in this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the projection of a stock or industry index vis-à-vis the main indicators of the relevant securities market illustrates that: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes: a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreed transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer)
The Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
Yes, but without any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information. We have tried to report its contents objectively and impartially, but the information and views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, which do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financials, and the persons to whom this report is based.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.