Researchchand developmentcenter is a dynamic team that leads to the revival of the country's cellar.
On 25th of February 2022, a dynamic team led to a revival.
The investment proposal: "13th Five" sets the stage and "five steps" progresses steadily. Since the start of the "Standing Up" portfolio in 2015, companies have developed overexploitation bar codes to create "two brands, three staircases" (000568).
The core product strategy of the Faculty, the Five Monuments has shifted from the Fountain model to branding specialization, and, through a variety of channels, such as direct factory, 1+1 and dealer control, has flattened deep cultivation and speeded up the national market layout. It is recalled that in 2021, the national cellar brand continued to grow from 10 billion dollars.
Long, curly prices are smooth, the southwest and Hebei markets are stable, and the Chinese and the Chinese east markets are rich, and the two brands are different. As an example of a strong white wine, the old cellar is one of the four most famous wines in China, leading the country with its technical advantages.
The company focuses on five monoliths: the state cellar, 1573, the three largest high-end white wine brands in China, hitting the thousand-bit belt; the specials and cellars, 300-600-year-olds, the price band, the scaffolding of "business elites with wine", the middle-class business dinner, and the special.
The headlines and dubbs, based on the final version of the popular consumer brand, are nearly 2 billion-dollar, two-brand-driven, and are a catalyst for the revival of the Xinzhou cellar. The channel model is flexible, and the market is refined.
The marketer binds the benefits of the spring model and enhances the dynamism of the channel. On the basis of the Fountain model, there is no shortage of improved channels, starting in 2015 the creation of brand models that are more closely aligned with the big one-size-fits-all strategy, and gradually exploring a variety of models, such as the Kutai direct camp model, the 1+1 manufacturer's synergy, etc., for local reasons.
In order to achieve this, it will be possible to deepen the control board-distribution model by means of a two-way “124”. On the basis of years of market farming, the share ratio in circulation a (%) establishes a three-tier coalition operating model and promotes the national system of cellars to achieve peace and security throughout the country.
At the beginning of 2021, the Department focused on the development of “strengths, silos, quality, strength, resilience” and on the idea of “dividing the edge, filling the board, raising the quality, strength, and recovery.”
The 14th Five-Year Development “136” strategy clearly sets out the goal of “returning to the first three of the industry.” Under the “Emergence of the East to the South,” companies will continue to stabilize base markets, accelerate the expansion of China, China, the East, and South China, and continue to deepen the nationalization market.
Catalysts for share prices: continued price increases in the cellar; Risk factors: risk of macroeconomic uncertainty; increased risk of increased industry competition; Sinda Securities Inc.
Itd Building No. 1 of the 9th Street of the City of the West Side, Beijing, continues the product strategy of "double brands, trilogy, five monoliths" in the old cellars of Xiangzhou.
In 2021, the company’s low-drinking wine market expanded further in North China, the Henan War will progress steadily, and the atmosphere in East China has improved markedly. We believe that the old cellar in Lianzhou, one of the four most famous wines, is a typical representative of strong white wines with a strong cultural base.
Recall the past, the “scaffles” have been a powerful combination, laying the foundation for the flight. Since the inauguration of the “scaffles” portfolio in 2015, the public administration has addressed the core product strategy of “double brands, three lines, and five monoliths” by cleaning up the overdevelopment of bar codes.
In terms of channels, the shift from the spring model to branding and the diversification of management through direct company ownership, 1+1, and distributor regulation, has accelerated the country’s market layout by flattening deep cultivation. It is recalled that in 2021 the cellar brand continued to grow in volume on a billion-dollar basis, with a smooth combing of special prices, and the cities of Southwest and Hebei.
In the past two years, based on the reputation of his great nose, the state brand has re-established itself as one of the three high-end brands of white wine, and has become one of the hundreds of billions.
In the context of sub-higher-end expansion, companies have increased the promotion of the 60th edition of the special song and, while reawakening consumer-era memory, added to the top with a price belt of more than $500, creating a two-wheel-drive effect with the national cellar.
In the medium-to-long term, there is still room for development in weak markets such as China, China, China, China, and South China. The company has made it clear that the 14th Five-Year Plan should be based on a development approach based on “strengths, short panels, quality, strength, resilience” and a firm “136” strategy, with the objective of returning to the first three of the industry as the 14th Five-Steps by 2030.
The company will continue to stabilize the south-west, north-west and north-western markets, accelerate the expansion of the Chinese, east-east and south-east China, and continue to deepen the nationalization market.
In Sichuan Province, the old cellars are located in the city of Sichuan Province, building on 36 ancient wine-making mills. The city is known as the city, starting with Guo's old cellar, and growing through Ming-su's tradition to the new China, and has been known for 23 generations to date as a product of the old wine-making technique of the old cellar.
The features of fragrance, gloom, taste and resemblance are known as "the typical expression of strong white wine." The public is the leader of 1573, specials, age, headlines, dubbes, etc., with an annual capacity of 170,000 tons, through innovative marketing and fine-tuning channels, the creation of the South-West, North-West, and Middle-China major marketing markets and the acceleration of the billions of high-end monolithic countries.
1.1.11989: Liquor Yellow Poon School, which promotes the development of strong fragrances, has a strong genetic background and has been selected five times as a national wine.
After a public-private partnership in 1955, the old Xingzhou cellar named the quality-specific beverages of the big beverages "special" and became the first white beverages to be called "special" in the industry. In the four subsequent sessions, the old Xuzhou Xuzhou Quixiang was named "Chinese beverages" as the only fragrant to receive this distinction.
In 1956, the development of white wine was included in the vision for scientific and technological development developed by the State Council. In order to revitalize the Chinese wine industry, in 1957, experts from the state organized a process review of the Chenzhou cellar and a review of the techniques used in making old cellars in Chenzhou.
After the publication of the book, the old cellars of Xiangzhou did not only learn widely within the enterprise, but also actively promoted and disseminated within the industry. Since the 1970s, senior guests of Xiangzhou have organized 27 training courses in wine brewing techniques, which have trained thousands of brewers and facilitators in more than 20 provinces and cities throughout the country.
The staff and core technical staff contributed to the technological advancement of white wine in China and to the development of white wine with strong fragrances. This led to the creation of a high status for the Chinese wine industry and academic community, which later became known as the “sweet nose of the Chinese wine industry and the wine of Tae Doo.” In 1988, the production of the old wine mills in Sichuan was the result of the production of four other famous wine factories in Sichuan.
In 1988, the White Liquor industry liberalized its own pricing, and the wine industry made price increases.
G, the price of wine has increased several times, leading to the introduction of a national policy at the end of the year to restrict public consumption and to a “unanimous drop” in the price of 13 wines. In 1993, the policy easing gave the price of wine to a new price increase, but the tactics of the wine factories began to diverge, with the first price being raised by the wine industry, headed by a five-food fluid, with a five-word sword going to the high end of white wine, while the state
The old cellars, Guai Goongs, rums, and so on, chose the route of the public wine and dropped out of the high-end wine industry. Then, again, because of problems such as insufficient liquidity, frequent turnover of executives in companies and mismanagement, the old cellars in the state of Kyushu were left out for a decade. 1.3.1999-2003: consumption taxes were forced to reform and high-end strategies were relaunched.
The company’s four national wine cellar pools are the only national priority in the white industry in China to protect “living artifacts” and its “national wines” are the vectors of culture, science, taste, and emotion. In September 1999, the company celebrated a wine event called “The old wines in the wine cellars of Suzhou” with a limit of 1999 bottles.
Four bottles of wine, Nos. 0009, 0099, and 1999, are publicly auctioned and given to Hong Kong, Macao, and Macao, respectively.
In 2001, the whole white industry was forced to grow to the upper-middle end by a tax on consumption. The old cellars in Kyushu after the popular wine strategy failed to think hard and reboot the high-end strategy. But the brand is no longer high-end consumer-sanctioned, but only medium- and low-end products.
In an effort to restore the high-end image, the company, with its 1573 National Treasure Pool as its cultural base, has launched 1573 products, developed a marketing strategy called "The National Sewer Tree image, profit-making, low-end products for the market" and set the year 2001 as "The Year of the Nation's Distilled Wine Promotion".
At the beginning of the market, customers experienced a slow and difficult period of growth, and the cost and cost inputs did not quickly translate into a rapid increase in the scale of sales, which led to a diversification of Māori rates and net profits, and to a revival of the White Liquor industry.
The Department is gradually cleaning up other diversified operations, repossessing its investment in Cheongzhou Car Transport Ltd., transferring 10 per cent of the holdings of the Old Luangzhou Parks Engineering Co. Ltd. to the Tungzhou Group, transferring part of the shares of the State Taijunan Co. Ltd. and the San Yahua Gon Hotel, as well as laying pens for the subsequent massive stripping of the non-white liquor industry.
1.4 2004-2012: Innovation in the channel model, the national cellar sails, the economy leads to consumption, and white wine is made brilliant. Since joining wto in 2003, China’s economy has grown at a high rate, infrastructure has been built at a faster pace, and political and commercial activity has led to a decade of growth in the white wine industry.
In September 2005, the company issued a Statement of Equity Transfers, which responded to a call from the country to become the first state-owned enterprise to undertake stock conversion. The condition was to send 3 shares per 10 shares, with a commitment to performance if performance increased by more than 4 times in 2006 and by more than 30% in 2007 and 2008.
In order to boost team morale, the company has introduced a significant salary increase for management, in which the chairman, head office conditions are consistent with the commitment to change stock performance. While equity incentives did not officially arrive until 2010, at that time the motivation of wage and equity incentives was amazing.
By changing the stock market, the company, based on “Breaking Big Customers, Benefit-Sharing”, successfully implemented a 30 million-share plan in 2006 to eight major distributors, spearheading the industry and cutting deep.
On this basis, in 2009, the company used the basic idea of market ownership to achieve benefit-sharing to expand its interests further to salesmen and more dealers. The company was formed entirely by sector salesmen and distributors.
The old cellar company cancels the contract to “outsource” all final sales, which is regulated by the system and so on. The Quantium model, which is divided by region, is responsible for the development of local channels and the sale of three major brands: the sales personnel’s reduced expenditure; the sales model’s reduced tax base; efficient regional marketing; and distribution.
The risk in the spring model is that companies have less control over the terminal; insufficient financial control; balance of interests between equity distributors and non-equity distributors; low price dumping that disrupts market prices; and distribution chambers that tend to operate more profitable products.
In keeping with the strategic position of the cellar, brand power is gradually released. The company’s salesmen’s cultivation and branding on the cellar’s front page, 1573, provided a solid basis for the Golden Decade’s outbreak, with the company’s sales cost consistently at 20% from 2001 to 2005.
1573 Promotion Commissioner, increasing market promotion and focusing on market-focused inputs. Market breeding has only begun to release gradually since 2005, and sales costs have declined.
Controlling the special font of the Xiangzhou cellar, cutting down 51 sub-brands, and cleaning up the branding system of the Xiangzhou cellar. With 1573 surges in the cellar and 2006 China’s brand name, sales are on track. The Xiangzhou old Xinzhou special scroll is the Chinese trademark. Over the past few years, the company has focused on promoting the Qin cellar, and the special is just a natural sale.
There are bottlenecks, and companies have decided to control the cellars for a good price, and since 2007 have used the old Quanzhou special as a new profit growth point, adjusted the distribution of manpower, and placed great hopes in its revitalization. The old Quzhou special has always been kept in the middle, with a complementary dual branding posture with high-end branders. In 2012, companies managed to break 100 per cent of their revenue.
The price increases followed, and the prices of the country's customers rose. The price of the cellar, 1573, basically at the rate of one year, followed the strategy of Mao Dai and Phu V in the period 2006-2010, began to raise prices and exceed them after 2010.
Swimming, stock-sealing, and a significant reduction in non-core operations have reduced the burden on major businesses, while also facilitating better independent operations by listed companies. The group has been able to use its platform to achieve wider business coverage and integration.
Since the end of 2012, the “3-public consumption” restrictions and anti-corruption high-pressure high-end white wine have hit hard, government demand has fallen sharply, and the issue of outlets dominated by distributors has erupted.
Throughout the period, the spring model, which had helped companies to achieve rapid expansion, began to expose its disadvantages: 1) `distributive' marketing is difficult to achieve a national convergence of single products, and distributors are prone to favour more profitable products; 2) regional differences in product prices have led to high volatility and confusion in the price system; 3) companies have made wrong price increases due to late selling and stock acquisition;
4. When the mood is down, the distributors offer low prices, and the company’s price-fixing strategy is not being effectively implemented. Figure 16: The price of the country’s customers was severely reversed in 2013-2014.
In February 2013, the price was raised from $659 to $729, and in July 2013 from $889 to $999, while the price of $819 was retained in the Mau station. The price was significantly reversed between the price of the batch and the price of the offer due to inadequate demand, the loss of the channel led to a serious dumping and run-off, and the frustration of the dealer’s confidence.
High-quality customers are lost, and the country’s cellar sales are being cut off. This led to companies earning less than half of their 2012 peak in 2014, while net profits fell by 80%, and the Maori rate continued to fall.
In thousands of years, the first order is 1 million, the product is produced by the company, and the distribution is done by the distributors. Previously, the bar code for the words “old cellars” was worth tens of millions, and the other bar codes ranged from millions to tens of millions.
1.62015-present: New management team in place, re-reform and re-engage young forces to accelerate comprehensive reform. In July 2015, Liu Xing and Limfeng, who are managing the company ' s marketing system, took over as directors and general managers of the company, both of whom are in their 40s and are experienced in the functioning of the market and inject into the company.
When the new leadership took office, it began overhauling the product system, market prices, channel models, marketing organizations, brand planning, etc. Cleaning up the overexploitation, leading to five major divisions.
Expand the "Lindness Project" and tighten the process of developing brands and bar codes of enterprises, mainly for open products with the words "Silent State cellar" with a price of less than $20, as well as development products with an annual sale of less than $500,000 for a single item.
In 2016, intensive efforts were made to clean up the total distribution brands, resulting in the freezing and removal of a total of 2,841 bar codes with a material number of 8638 and the recovery of all brands with the "Silves of the State"; by 2018, the Department's bar codes were reduced by more than 90%. By cleaning up the overdevelopment of brands, it resulted in the creation of state cellars, silt ages, special tunes, etc.
The headlines, the "Five Core Monuments" strategy, with full price coverage of the consumer market, and the re-branding of the state cellars. During this adjustment, the age of the cellars changed the awkward position that used to be between the specials and the state cellars.
In May 2014, the price was adjusted from $729 to $609, and in July of the same year, the price was reduced from US$ 1573 to US$ 560 and the shipment was suspended. The distributor could take the initiative to acquire the 1573 source of the national cellar below US$ 550, and the company would buy back the cash at US$ 550 per bottle, while at the same time pursuing it.
Plus $20 per bottle to reduce social stock pressure and help restore confidence in the channel. After that, the gallows, 1573, followed the pace of increases in the five grain fluids, helped raise the end price by controlling price premiums, and re-created high-end branding.
Figure 21: After 2015, the Cedars followed five grain fluids to raise prices, branding replaced the Quai Spring model and promoted the finer operation of individual products. In 2012, companies promoted the “beautiful model” to speed up the reform of medium- and low-end product channels, starting with a two-track pilot, which led to the creation of dozens of specialized companies.
In December 2013, January 2015 and March 2016, respectively, specializing in specials, state cellars, and silo brands was established. The branding model is a coordinated marketing model, with direct sales by manufacturers and distributors.
Controls coexist with the three modes of regulation of the 1+1 model, while specific landing models are adapted to local conditions, using market-oriented re-engineering of internal cooperation models, reducing costs, and increasing market flexibility and stability through private marketing. The branding model retains the advantages of the spring model, which is still organized by the former distributors, with the difference that companies have reduced the level 7 channel to two levels.
Direct-face terminals for distributors, shorter company-to-end distance, closer company decision-making points, faster market response, and much greater control over the local market. Local subsidiaries control local markets, while substantial additions of sales personnel are sought for end-to-end direct control, increased turnover of distributors, collaboration with channels, and improved operation of individual products and market depth.
In 2016, the company built the marketing of the "Four-Four-Tour-One Centre" through a combination of direct marketing, distributor control, and the three controls of the 1+1 model, while the physical landing pattern was adapted to the local context. Pushing the channel flattens and accelerating the construction of the sink site.
The organizational structure ensures coherence in marketing decision-making, command, supervision, coordination and the establishment of seven of the country ' s major marketing services, leading to the transfer of logistics services, such as human resources, finance, business, market regulation, public relations, and ka.
In a combination of industrial selections, the number of sales teams has increased to more than 7,000. At the same time, companies have been pushing the “direct distribution” model, implementing the “Amiba model” in mature markets, increasing the number of independent units, strictly implementing end-of-term quota systems and channel sinking, among other measures, through the “two 124” project.
Figure 24: Recovering high-speed growth in high-end alcohol from 2015
Since 2015, there has been a sustained recovery in the country’s income, with sales growing at a similar level to that of the five grain fluids, and in 2019 it surpassed its peak in 2012 and stagnated by 10 billion. But, during this period, high-end alcohol performance in companies has weakened, with revenue growth lagging behind the same wells and savings as the six gold roses.
A competitive advantage: a deep cultural background, modernization of business management, a strong edge of 2.1 production zones, and a long flow of treasures from the cellars: the company is located in Wine County and is located in the Golden Triangle of White Wine, China, and is the main producer of high-quality white wine in our country.
The history of Qin Han's winemaking in Suzhou dates back to the distant days of Qin Han, more than 2,000 years from now, known as Liquor City, was selected in 1988 for one of China's five wine cultures. The unique climate, soil, created unique conditions for the cultivation of raw food for wine making.
The state has a rich and high-quality water source, which together creates the natural advantage of the region’s unique wine production in the old Qingzhou wine cellars. • The advantage of the guest pool: the company’s 1573 National Treasure Pool, which was built in Mandeon in the calendar year, was one of the country’s first, most well-saved, and longest-serving wine cellars, and became the first in industry in December 1996, with the approval of the State Council.
In 2013, the company ' s 1,619 and over 100-year-old wine-breeding cellars, 16 wine-breeding antiques and three natural wine-smelling caves were integrated into the fourth series of "National priority cultural heritage conservation units" as a unique and non-repelicable resource for the industry. In 2006, the old cellars of Chenzhou were selected for the World Heritage Reserve List of China.
In November, a group of old cellars and wine-breeding mills were selected for the National Industrial Heritage List. “The millennium cellar is so bad, drinking is so good, it's all based on the living pool.” In addition to quality assurance, the national treasure pool also creates a strong cultural background for the company's high-end brand image.
A typical representative of the white brewing method was selected in May 2006 as the only representative of the strong white wine as the first “National Directory of Intangible Cultural Heritage”. 2.2 The management team is rejuvenated and institutional reform pioneers are on the move.
Teams are young and motivated, and there is a strong mechanism for talent development. For 28 years on the market, the company has only four directors, a stable and high-level leadership team and a strong overall strategic continuity at a time when management is in a difficult business situation. At the same time, there is a clear trend towards the rejuvenation of the company’s management, which is largely a marketing system, a mature talent development mechanism, and a strong back-up talent ladder.
In June 2021, in particular, 85 years later, it began to take the lead in marketing, showing the old state of Jiazhou's management concept, showing the new people, the talent, the strength of the strong, and the strategy.
On August 23, 2005, the CSRC, the National Investment Commission, the Ministry of Finance, the People's Bank of China, and the Ministry of Commerce jointly issued the Guidance on the Reform of the Separation of Equity in Listed Companies; on September 4, the CVM issued the Measures for the Management of the Reform of the Separation of Equity in Listed Companies, which introduced changes in the country's share-sharing reforms.
By March 2007, the Municipal State Finance Committee had accumulated sales of 42 million shares, with shares held by the Penang State and the Penang City Investment Group, which had been transferred to the Qingzhou Group, the Xingzhou Group, and the Municipal State Finance Committee.
21.52 per cent, 20.08 per cent, 11.92 per cent. Thus, and without changing the state-owned nature of companies, listed companies completed the transition from administrative regulation to the corporate governance of modern enterprises. In 2014-2016, the Municipal State Finance Committee transferred 60 million shares and 21.9 million non-reimbursable shares, and 50 million shares and 34 million non-reimbursable shares, respectively, to the Higgs Group.
In order to promote a commitment to change equity performance, the company proposed in 2006 to match a commitment to middle- and senior-level management with a commitment to change equity, conditions of mobility and equity performance. But the draft corporate equity incentive was not approved in a timely manner, subject to the prevailing circumstances in which the public-sector equity incentive at the time was being put on the market.
The Equity Incentives Scheme, which grants 13.44 million stock options to 143 senior managers and key employees, with a three-year unlocked period, reduces the number, but the percentage of non-high-level core staff members awarded has risen from 32.29% to 63.91%. And the Cemetery is the first industry to implement equity incentives.
Re-incentives for equity boosted internal dynamics. Due to the length of time from the previous stock incentive and the age of the management team as a whole, there was a lack of incentives among the incumbent executives, Liu Xin, Shen Chihong, Jiangjiang, Yang Ben Hong, to hold shares in the company.
The incentive awarded a restricted stock of 6.9286 million shares to 441 incentivists, with a price of $92.71/equity of 2.3 "Bi-brands, three-collars", five singles, "Bi-brands, three-sythropies, five singles," full price belt coverage. Since 2015, companies have been implementing a large one-size strategy.
The branding strategy of “two brands, three lines, five singles” and the firm operation of the “Hong Kong cellar 1573” and “Hongzhou cellar”, respectively, have continued the promotion of the State cellar 1573 and the “Hong Kong cellar” brand revival project. The State cellar is firmly located in three of China's top white brands, hitting the thousands-bit belt; the special tune and the stubby stock.
At 300-600-bit high-end price slots, scavenging wines are targeted at "business elites use wine", middle-class business dinners, and specials are targeted at "China's first wine party" and headlines and dubbes take over the high-light light bottle and raise the price more easily. The branding of the old cellar is slightly less powerful than that of the Powder and Powder.
Well, it operates more on fine-tuning channels for volume control. Unlike the traditional form of bid to lot, terminal price transfer, the old customer's price-raising path is usually to raise the price by recommending retail price increases and working with the channels to fine-tune the price, then to the terminal, and to raise the price further once the terminal price is raised.
The full price system, which guides the price of one-end supply, and the price of one-end retail price, achieves a steady increase in the price of the product through dual control of the price of the distributor and the price of the end. (See the “Little Run” price-raising path in the cellar 1573, for a two-track price system and a guarantee system for the distributor, which is the main source of the dealer's profits due to the long run of the price.)
• Quotas and price smelting mechanisms for end-gates, with price-fixing quotas and price-smelting incentives, the value of old wines is highlighted, companies start annualized pricing. “The wine is the smell of Chen” is industry consensus, and the purity of alcohol in different years, especially high-end white wine, is more pure. As the value returns, consumers have a taste for goods.
Qualitative pursuits, as well as the creation of the old liquor value system, are the simplest consumer-breeding tool, while at the same time giving it the investment and collection attributes that will help to boost the price plate. In 2016, the company introduced a price-fixing standard of 1573 for the 52-degree cellar, and again in 2021 for the 60th edition of the specialism, with the intention of strengthening the company’s voice in the old wine market.
Since 2017, the company has begun to accelerate the revival of the brand. The old-word feature has been calling for a new call for “sense, Chinese smell” since October 2017, while increasing the finals through intensive stoppages, price increases, congress battles, etc.
On the other hand, the 60th edition of the special is a wake-up call to the consumer 's price band by re-engineer 's special'. In 2018, the 60th edition of the special was sold at $750 million, and in 2019 it broke by $1 billion, and in 2021 it was close to 2 billion.
In June of 2021, the company formed the company to run the three major brands of the lead song, the second song, and the high light. In January 2022, the company was sold in high light.
The company was formed, and the high-light brand was once again independent. 2.4 Channel models were flexible and varied, enhancing the country’s depth of operation. The channel model was dynamic and innovative.
In 2015, companies improved the exposure of the Fountain model, creating branding models, and municipalities could operate through a variety of channels, such as the Direct/Subsidiary Model 1+1 Model/Dealer Model, to better match the implementation of single-goods strategies and channel sinking. In 2020, the Siutai model began to be piloted on a multi-country basis, absorbing core terminals in the regions.
Since the creation of the branding model in 2015, companies have been working on double “124” projects around consumers and channels, deepening the control board profit-sharing model, and implementing the “direct camp + distribution” channel model.
At the same time, the company focuses on the areas of focus and the core of its image shop, as well as on the design of a cabinet of fine products, and works on the 100 million-city shop. After that, the company’s terminal was further built into the cellars, alliances, fissions, and reinforced its core terminal glue by improving its access to return and value-added services.
The first level is a three-tier alliance of shareholders of the national cellar company, the regional union, the city subsidiary. The first level is a conglomerates of shareholders of the national cellar company, which is primarily a national conglomerate, a national brand specialization, a more flexible mechanism, a more focused resource and a more effective organization. The second level is a union of the regional core distributors, which is directed by the president of the union.
Local marketing policy, strengthening the maintenance of the channel order; the third-tier Cities Alliance, which consists of the regional core distributors and the core terminal, stimulates grass-roots organizations through the formation of provincial or municipal subsidiaries, national cellars, and wins market dynamism for the 1573 channel camp model of the national cellar.
During the 13-year period, the company pursued a strategy based on five monolithic strategies to strengthen the traditional “basket market” and “Eungjin, Nantu, Mid-rise” regional market development strategy. Of these, the East China region was the fastest growing region, with a significant increase in market share; and the South China Pearl Delta consumer breeding was well advanced and reaped.
As of February 2022, the company had 326 special stores, of which Sichuan, Hebei, Hunan, and Henan are among the top.
Figure 33: Distribution of national stores in the Penthouses of San Francisco. 2.5 brands show a culture, they work to create circles + they are introduced, and events are well marketed. Since 2008, the company has launched 1,573 collections in the cellar, which are also the head of the industry.
A ritual event, based on the traditional culture of the ancestors of wine made by the people, has been held every February, beginning with February. In recent years, the company has been engaged in a series of awareness-raising activities, such as the National Tour of Bottles, the International Poetry and Culture Congress, the High Sorghum Red, and at the BRICS National Business Forum, the Russian World Cup, and the Australian tennis ball.
For high-end wine, brand power is reflected in the ability to capture consumers.
The state cellar upgrades its 1573 single-body terminals to a national strategic platform, formally upgrading its previously multi-storey, multi-storey downline customers to corporate-level cooperative end-users, taking into account the additional service work of the distribution partners, and integrating the resource sharing with the manufacturer.
The same is true of building exclusive rights and value-added services for core vip clients and increasing the loyalty and conservancy of core consumer brands as a means of rapidly nurturing the country’s branding culture and culture.
Thirteen-five has been successful, 14-five has taken advantage. In terms of development dimensions, the company has been able to develop the foundations of the boom during the 13-year period, and the vision of a revival of the “five-step” is steadily being realized: (1) a market break-up in 2016, a push for the firm to hit hard by 2020, and the branding, market, production and team upgrades are completed, and the white industry in China is firmly entrenched.
Based on the 10 billion cellar brands, the company clearly identified its 14th goal of “returning to the first three of the industry” and plans to achieve a full rejuvenation of the brand by 2030. A firm “136” strategy to successfully complete the start of the game.
In its development approach, the Stimulus, Quality, Power, Recovery, developed the “136” strategy for 1455: (1) a firm return to the “first three” objectives of the Chinese wine industry, (2) adherence to the three principles of “brand leadership, quality building, cultural casting” and (3) the construction of the six “brand, quality, culture, innovation, wisdom, harmony” as one state.
In 2021, the company is expected to officially enter a new phase of development of 20 billion people. Nationalization has gone beyond that, and it has continued to push for the “rise of the East to the South.” Although the cellar has succeeded in stabilizing high-end markets, the regional distribution of income in the Penthouse remains uneven compared to the Kutsu and the five grain fluids, with dominant markets concentrated in Sichuan, Hebei, Hebei, and Sichuan.
• Southwest Main Market: Stable Contribution to Revenue Profit as one of the six golden flowers of the ginseng, the old cellar in Xiangzhou has developed for a long time in the southwest, with a deep base of people and brand recognition
In 2013-2017, the south-west region accounted for 40-50% of the revenue, contributing stable revenues and profits to the company. At the same time, innovation in the company’s channel model is often piloted in the base market, such as the 1+1 control-distribution model and the Chengdu Kuyota camp model in Yongzhou in 2015, which will be implemented nationally when it matures.
As a subsidiary of the national cellar branding company, Chengdu Kuthai re-opened the market in a straight-up fashion, abandoned the model of previous layers of agency, flattened the channel, directly controlled downstream distributors or terminals. Combined into hundreds of millions of sales, it continued to update the single-city record, which was about 3 billion in 2020 in Chengdu.
China North, China Central Grain Silent Markets: Downfall Farming has consolidated its position. The North China Market was once a powerful market for companies, with companies earning 30 per cent of their income in the North China region before 2012, and profits contributed 32 per cent, or even slightly more, than in the Southwest, but it fell sharply after the industry entered the adjustment period.
Five grain fluids remain strong in the northern market, where companies bring low-income customers to Hebei and Shandong markets, where they account for more than 70 per cent of the 1573, of which Hebei market is about 3 billion yuan, and the provincial sub-prefectures, where basic sales exceed the 2017 market, with China’s revenue of $2.79 billion, an increase of 186 per cent over the same period, quickly becoming the company’s head market.
In 2020, the company launched the Henan War, mobilizing the national marketing elite, fighting the war zone in Henan, conducting terminal collating through the state cellars, building cooperative relationships and channels with distributors. In 2020, the state cellar sold about 600 million in Henan, and in 2021 over 7 in Henan.
The cellar is relatively good in Hunan market, where sales were over 1 billion in 2021. The South and South China Opportunity Markets: accelerating the pace of expansion, the developed economies of East and South China, and the higher prices of white wine consumption, are inescapable markets for high-end alcohol.
In 2017, the Cemetery of Kyushu proposed a “down-to-south-east” strategy to strengthen efforts to develop the markets of the East and South-East of China, with a positive product pricing and channel strategy. In 2018, the company set up more than 190 brand image shops, including in the East of China, using the Amiba model to gridize solutions.
In 2019, the company launched the War of the East China Club, which continued to create a culture of consumption through the establishment of the state cellar and the hosting of seven-star dinners. In 2020, the company established the Long Triangle 38-degree Union, which brings together a group of excellent quality dealers to deepen the opening of the market.
Since 2015, the company has started an expansion project with a cumulative investment of $8.9 billion to ensure a rapidly growing demand for consumption. The first phase of the 2019 project was the production of food in the Yellow Brewer Eco Park, and the Brewer Engineering Project was completed in December 2020, with the addition of a high-quality alcohol production of 35,000 after delivery.
At present, the company has a capacity of 170,000 tons and a stock of 357,000 tons of alcohol. Māori rates forecast: we expect that, with the increase in the share of the country’s cellars, Māori rates will be split between 2021 and 2023.
The share of inputs can be reduced appropriately, with the combined sales and management costs for the period 2021-2023 achieving net profit projections: we expect the net return profit for the period 2021-2023 to reach $7.688 billion, respectively; the risk of macroeconomic uncertainty: in 2021, the new domestic and foreign crowning epidemic continued; and the international economic situation became more complex.
There are some risks associated with the growth of the alcohol industry and the white industry. Competition in the industry increases the risks: competition between the white industry and the white industry will intensify as the concentration of the white industry increases, leading alcohol companies pay more attention to marketing, increasing their recruitment efforts, strengthening their channels, and so forth.
In Shenzhen, the National Commission for Land Planning conducted a study on the evaluation of the real estate tax base (National Social Fund) focusing on macro, real estate, and fiscal issues.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.