Non-financial companies, non-financial companies, new construction materials in the north (000786.sz)
Investment rating: Increase (maintenance) Events: Corporate quarterly report 2025, generating operating income of $6.246 billion, an increase of 5.09 per cent over the same period;
The company’s operating income has grown robustly, according to public \triangleright.
Wang Bing Peng, the official public official, we've been judged to benefit mainly from the "two-wing" business, specifically, the gypsum and other, paint-painting, glutinous, glutinous business.
The net return is increasing less rapidly than the recovery, mainly due to the narrow contribution of investment returns, mainly due to the annual credit sales policy implemented by companies, with other receivables increasing by $72 million, or 57.26 per cent, compared to the beginning of the year, mainly due to the combined use of the company's value-added tax (VAT) to raise, i.e., refunds and reserves.
Tang Ji-hoon Lin Goofan is mainly due to cash flows that were affected by Gabriel's equity transfer agreement during the same period last year and the repurchase of part of the receivables by former shareholders.
As a result of the increase in cash inflows generated by operations in the first quarter of last year, the net cash flows generated by the operations of the Department increased by $95 million compared to the first quarter of 2023. Domestic demand drove the build-up of consumer materials, and the transition from high barriers to high-cycle targets.
In the high-volatility phase, the uncertainty of the external cycle is highlighted, while the energy of the internal demand policy and the “round-the-cycle slamming” become the nuclear core orientation. New North building material, as an oligarch in the country, depends on the strategic transformation of the protected river and the “one-wing” – both defensive attributes and growth elastic elasticities – is a high-quality indicator of the benefits of the internal cycle policy.
Sex + two-wing operations support a negative growth in performance; in the long run, the company's shift from a single pole to a consumer building platform has increased confidence, adding up the domestic demand policy catalyst, and the valuation hub is expected to increase further. It is recommended that attention be paid to pro-cyclical counter-profit predictions and ratings: the company is the absolute leader of the domestic cardboard industry, deep in the mounds, and with the gypsum.
The steady cash flow provided by the Board is accelerating the transition to integrated manufacturers and service providers of consumer building materials. In the last two years, the highest/minimum waterproofing and coating operations in one year have all started to increase their contribution, making the firm ' s reversals grow in the scarcity of the construction materials industry.
My personal views on the subject matter securities and issuers are not present, do not relate to, and will not be directly or indirectly linked to, specific investment opinions or opinions in this report, in a diligent and professional manner, using information on legal compliance, and in an independent and objective manner.