Chinese certificate, building materials, building materials, building materials, building materials.
Non-financial first-cover report North (000786.sz) 08/04/2025
Investment rating: increase (first time) oligarchs in the domestic cast board industry, and internal and external repairs to long-term growth logic. New North building materials are the largest in the world.
\triangleright's big gypsum and light steel bone industry group. In recent years, the company's internal and external overhauls have led to a gradual rationalization of the long-term growth logic: on the one hand, the company has promoted equity incentives for two years in a row and has managed to keep its growth dynamic up and down; on the other hand, the company has actively implemented the One.
In our view, the market’s biggest expectation for the new North is an underestimation of its ability to expand its product base and its product base.
Wang Bing Peng, who has a deep mound of mounds in the area of castpads, and the stability of cash flow provides the basis for cross-protocol expansion. The core barrier is to capture the pains of the industry, to re-establish the industry through a revolutionary replacement of the production superposition card.
Patterns of controversy: industry was at an early stage bound by the natural gypsum production of the main raw materials upstream, as well as foreign competition, spread of production capacity, and concentration was difficult to increase: the firm's point of failure was to take the lead in driving the technological breakthrough on devulcanized gypsum and opening up the raw material for natural gypsum.
Instead, during the period the company used the environmental policy window period to prioritize the removal of sulfur gypsum resources from coal-fired power plants that had a regional advantage in order to achieve a national layout, and the cost advantage was created. After that, even with similar strategies at the district level, the company could continue to cut prices by point, with other regional profitable models being targeted at competitors. Unlike other consumer building materials, new North building materials are in place.
As of 2024, the company's cardboard market was about 56%, and it was almost non-reversible later. As a result of the relative stability of industry demand and the company's position in the industry,
Even in the last few years, companies have a steady and sustainable cash flow, making North New the largest consumer-building enterprise in the forest-gogen area with the greatest capacity and bottom-line in terms of integrated goods.
The two-wing business boom has led to a negative growth in performance, with a shift in confidence from gypsum boards to consumer construction poles, and a rise in long-term valuations. In recent years, new North building materials have driven the development of the two-wing business through strategic mergers and acquisitions, supporting companies to move from a single gypsum to an integrated building material service provider, integrating at a significant speed and effect: 1) Waterproofing the integration of the platform plus regional poles
The model, which since 2019 has spent more than $3 billion to complete the acquisition and repurchase of several regional flagships, such as sheep and kings, achieved $3.32 billion a year, an increase of 19.23 per cent, and jumped to the forefront of the industry; and 2) the paint business, which is a two-wheel drive of "capitalization and purchase + master incubation" to create building paint through the acquisition of high-quality assets such as lighthouse paint, Gabriel and Ziang Bridge paint.
Industrial paints, special coatings, full-scale layouts, and production capacity of 1 million tons, with $4,074 million in M&As, Leigh, with a brand value of $35.6 billion in 2023 on the list of China 's 500 most valuable brands, formed a four-tier competitive advantage with the new North Institute, "Technology + Production + Channel + Brand" and pushed the paint business to accelerate its progress towards a billion-grade track.
The downside growth in the industry is judged to be not only the success of the company's short-term cross-protocol expansion, but also the start of the company's shift from a cast plate to a consumer builder, with a growing market confidence in long-term growth logic.
In the last two years, the waterproofing, painting business has taken a personal view of the target securities and issuers. I have worked diligently and professionally, using information on legal compliance, and have produced this report independently and objectively, and no part of the remuneration received by this person has been and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific investment opinions or views in this report.