Building materials in the North (000786), both wings continue to grow, expanding industrial paints, Southwest Securities Institute.
Events: The company published a quarterly report in 2025, and in the first quarter of 2025 it achieved a gross operating income of $6.25 billion, $1 billion, compared to 3.5%, with a more robust operation.
In comparison with +10.5 per cent, the total profit achieved was 50 million yuan, in comparison with 9.5 per cent, and the net profit was 40 million yuan, in comparison with 6.2 per cent, and is expected to bear the burden of falling sales unit prices. In the subregion, internationalized business receipts grew by 73.0 per cent, net profits grew by 143.1 per cent and overseas profitability increased significantly.
The company adheres to the “One Wing, Global Layout” strategy, its internal outreach scale, and continues to promote nationalization. 1) Toppings, to meet multiple needs: expand the new cast board plus, and launch innovative products such as the Luban mindboard, the Phoenix high-strategy plate, the Imaging Mountain series, etc.
In coordination with paint and water-proof products, the Ministry has launched a home-loaded whole-product application system covering hydroelectric and wood oil. 2) Top markets, promoting the global layout: focusing on the four regions of South-East Asia, Central Asia, the Middle East, the Mediterranean Rim and Europe, advancing overseas project ladders.
(iii) The ability to enhance core competitiveness by focusing on the core track of “internal” growth, M&As driving the growth of outreach operations, completing the restructuring of Gabriele, and expanding the product profile of paint operations from North China to the whole country; and restructuring the bridge paint to further enrich the system of industrial paint products and expand the Chinese market;
1. New materials are being built in the north (000786). The plate is solid, the real estate market is “stopping the fall back” and other good policies are being put in place, and downstream demand is expected.
The two-wing layout continues to grow (2025-03-30) and gradually recovers, and the company, as a gypsum, waterproof and paint head enterprise, will benefit significantly from the recovery dividends of the industry.
Business performance is strong (2024-11-05), which corresponds to 11 times, 9 times, and 8 times more than each. The company’s combined competitiveness is prominent, with a two-wing layout that works well, looking at the company’s performance elasticity and maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
No compensation of any kind has been obtained either directly or indirectly as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.