Two-wing energy is responsible for a steady upturn in performance and accelerated coating expansion.
The two-wing dynamic led to robust performance, and the performance of overseas operations was impressive. In the first quarter of 2025, the company grew robustly, largely as a result of faster growth in revenue and profits from the two-wing operations, driving the company q1 as a whole, Jayamey.
With regard to water-proofing operations, companies have responded to the trend of downstream markets towards stock demand, focusing in recent years on changing and renovating markets, accelerating market space expansion, increasing the scale of water-proofing operations.
In the paint business, the 25-year-long company paint business accelerated its deep integration, with revenues and profits rising significantly. According to public data, 25q1 company paints generated operating income of 908 million yuan, compared to 111.14 per cent, and net profits of 44 million yuan.
In addition, the internationalization of companies has continued, with a significant increase in both overseas revenues and profits, with 2501 overseas operating earnings + 73.00 per cent and net profits + 143.08 per cent, which will contribute more to the growth of performance as companies become productive abroad.
The q1 Māori rate has increased slightly over time, with a modest increase in the cost rate and a more stable profitability of the company. 2025q1 public efficiency gains, optimized product structure, and a recovery in Māori rates. 2025q1 has a cost of 0.06 pct over the period, while the increase in the cost of sales is due to increased sales costs due to new M&As. 25q1
In addition, the net operating cash flow of company 2025q1 was $222 million, with $196 million flowing from the previous year, mainly as a result of the return of part of the accounts receivable from former Gabrielle, which resulted in an increase in cash inflows from operations during the first quarter of last year.
The paint business is expanding and the "One Wing" is advancing steadily. The company has issued an outward investment announcement, and the new coatings are to be invested in the construction of an annual 20,000-ton industrial paint production base in Angén. The project has a relatively deep 300-percent performance chart.
In the interest of the company's opening up of the Chinese and Southwest markets, improving the efficiency of the production and distribution of industrial paint products, building new materials in the north, and increasing the competitiveness of the North's new paint market. As the company's “two-wing” business accelerates the layout, water and paint protection.
In addition, the company’s main cardboard business continues to grow in size, further strengthening its position as a plaque. The “One Wing” strategy is expected to lead to a steady improvement in the company’s performance.
The risks are not as high as expected; the company’s business is not as well integrated as the risks expected.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete the appropriate matching of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service, and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.