2024: Good business, high-quality development, 30/03/2025
The company continues to consolidate its market position and share by making strong ceremonial gypsums and gypsums plus, keeping the company's gypsum business steady, keeping the gypsum sales steady, with the same income falling by a smaller number of places, with the price of the gypsums under pressure in the second half of the 24th semester, and paying attention to price increases in the first half of the 25th year.
Progress; water and paint operations also continue to expand and grow at a rapid rate, with revenues from water and construction materials increasing by 18.65 per cent over the same period, and paint and materials benefiting from Gabrielle, with revenues of 3.59 billion. In terms of internationalization, focus on the four major regions of South-East Asia, Central Asia, the Middle East, Europe and the Mediterranean.
The global profile, with 417 million yuan in offshore earnings for 24 years, +87.6 per cent of the year, the Māori ratio has remained stable and the cost of new Māori acquisitions has increased. The Māori ratio has remained stable at the same rate under corporate pressure in 2024, mainly as a result of the company's continued implementation of the “Long Flying,
Tarzan climbs, with significant product high-end success; the Māori rate for water-resistant rolls decreased by 1.65 per cent over the year, up by 4 pct and 3.4 pct, respectively, and is expected to increase costs mainly due to new M&As; and R&D and financial costs decreased slightly over the same year.
North New Building (000786): Equity incentives reflect development confidence, internal growth opening up new and long-term.
A new merger generates a net flow of business activity. A net cash flow of 450 million yuan, an increase of 80 per cent over the same period in the previous year, is expected to result in a significant improvement in sales returns;
The paint-building branch achieved a net operating cash flow of 180 million yuan. Operational capacity was improved, with a number of performance ratings: performance met expectations, and the share of the gypsum increased the turnover of both goods and receivables.
• Profit forecasting and investment rating: the global market share of the gypsum industry is expected to continue to rise, and water and paint operations go through and through the interior, guided by the corporate strategy of One Wing, Global Layout
The delay will also contribute to a sustained rapid increase, with the roll-out of equity incentive programs reflecting development confidence’s potential for business expansion and firm ownership’s robust ability to operate and maintain a “buy-in” rating. The risk of rising risks, and the risk of new business openings, will fall short of expectations.
In any event, the information in this report or the opinion expressed in it is not consistent.