Summary of annual reports: Recruiting banks increased their net profits by 23.2 per cent over the year 2021, net interest earnings by 10.2 per cent over the year, net fees by 18.8 per cent over the year, other non-interests by 26.7 per cent over the same year, and revenue by operation
In our view, the quarterly interest-rate gap has continued to pick up, the processing fees have increased rapidly, and the quality of assets has remained excellent.
Companies have a solid customer base and ability to operate, leading wealth management, excellent capital, and production and liabilities, and as corporate wealth and digitalization strategies move forward, competitive advantages or further accentuate profits are higher than comparable counterparts, and Roe, Roa and Roa are on a par with each other.
A four-quarter single-quarter net profit increase of 26.8 per cent over the year led to a year-on-year net profit increase of 23.2 per cent, an increase of 1 percentage point over the previous three quarters, and an increase in the rate of comparison with the industry ' s top line. Disbursing, a better collection and a less advanced provision contributed to a marginal increase in profit growth.
14.0%, an increase of 0.5 percentage points over the previous three quarters; 18.8% for the year-on-year net revenue from fees (vs in the first three quarters, +19.7%), maintaining a faster rate of growth. The 2% increase in the same year in the company ' s provision for increases contributed to an increase of 23.2% in net profits from 14.4% before the provision.
Improved asset quality and improved credit provision coverage Indicators perform well. Bad production rates improve year-on-year, faster in the second half of the year than in the first half of the year, and are expected to be associated with off-the-shelf transfers.
4-quarter credit impairment loss accounts have increased significantly, the off-the-shelf impairments have decreased, the provision for loan provisions has increased significantly, partly or partly as a result of the transfer of the off-the-shelf provision.
Merchant Banks: Further Exploiting the Lead: 20211023 litres 20210814 Sino-Soldier International Securities Co. Ltd.
The downside of the economy has led to a deterioration in asset quality and financial regulation exceeding expectations.According to the qualifications of portfolio investment consulting operations, the compellers’ net profits in 2021 amounted to $119.99 billion, an increase of 23.2 per cent over the same period.
Net revenue from interest increased by 10.2 per cent over the year, net revenue from fees increased by 18.8 per cent over the year, other non-interests increased by 26.7 per cent over the same year, operating income increased at a faster rate than profit, fee income increased at a faster rate, Roe and Roa increased at a higher rate than in the previous three quarters, net profits increased by 26.8 per cent over the same period during the fourth quarter, resulting in a 23.2 per cent increase in net profits for the year, up from the previous three quarters.
A percentage point, with a rate of growth comparable to that of the industry. Breaking up, good harvests and a reduction in the provision contributed to a marginal increase in profits. Companies increased their annual income by 14.0 per cent on a year-on-year basis, 0.5 percentage points on a year-on-year basis, and interest net earnings increased by 1.47 percentage points to 10.2 per cent on a year-on-year basis compared with the previous three quarters, resulting from an improvement in net interest differentials and an acceleration in size.
The credit structure shows that instruments account for 13% of the medium-term growth over the year, compared with the average annual balance data, and for a decline in public loans.
Retail loans grew by 2.7%, and the ratio of paper to retail loans increased. At the end of the period, the four-quarter retail and public loan rings increased by 1.4/2.7% compared to the three-quarters, the instruments were reduced by 6.1% compared to the three-quarters, and the company may have earned the money by transferring the instruments at the end. In the second half of the year, the increase in non-multill loans was close to 64%, down by 6% from the first half of the year, resulting in lower rates of return on retail loans.
The largest increases in manufacturing, electricity and transport, and financial and real estate investments, have been recorded. Debt-end deposits have increased by a bright spot. On average balance, the deposit ring has grown by 4.44%, bond issuances have increased by 2.57%, and the share of bonds in interest-paying liabilities has declined.
At the end of the period, the proportion of current deposits was 66.3 per cent, a further 2 percentage point higher than that of Li-Tom (64.3 per cent), and the four-quarter interest differentials continued on a small scale, reflecting excellent asset liability and a solid client base.
(i) The company ' s net interest differentials fell slightly from 1 bp to 2.48 per cent on the same date in 2021, while the market interest rates kept the interest differentials stable, reflecting a good asset-liability profile and a solid customer base. By split, the loan balance was 3.26 per cent, a decline of 8 bp compared to the previous year, which was better than the equivalent.
The ratio of deposits rose by 1 percentage point. (2) In the first quarter of the fourth quarter, the net rate difference ring rose by 1 bp to 1.44%, and the cost rate of single-season deposits increased by 1 bp over the third quarter.
Average balance-bearing liabilities/interest-bearing assets are 93%, a decrease of 1 bp from the three quarters, partly or partly due to an increase in equity in the issuance of durable debt. Companies optimize their lending structure, reference the previous text, refer to the average balance data for the medium term and last year, and anticipate an increase in retail loans.
Wealth and investment business support has increased rapidly, and this year market pressure or suppression of the non-interest growth has been the most central part of the revenue from fees, which has been supported by rapid growth in funds, insurance and finance-related revenues; bank cards, which have fallen 0.9 per cent over the year, mainly as a result of a decline in the volume of transactions under the credit card line. Capital markets have been restructured since 2022.
The Fund and the management of its financial revenues did not perform as well as in 2021, while the situation became more severe and had an impact on credit card transactions, resulting in a 26.7 per cent increase in corporate fees and fees and other net non-interest income on a year-on-year basis (vs, first three quarters, +27.6 per cent), mainly due to the increase in non-monetary fund dividends, fair value changes in investments, external exchange gains and cash rental operations.
Business efficiency has been enhanced through digital transformation and cost control. Corporate financial and technological inputs accounted for 4.37% of revenue in 2021, a 0.8 percentage point decline compared to 2020, and corporate cost revenues have been or continue to be optimized as the output of corporate science and technology inputs becomes apparent.
Asset quality continues to improve, with marginal pressures or still from real estate. The negative indicators perform well. The negative rate is 0.91%, down by 2 bp from the previous quarter, and the negative loan balance is down by 1% from the same time. Annual bulletins, percentage points, we measure the same caliber. On the margins, negative production in the second half of the year is faster than in the first half of the year, and is expected to shift from the surface.
According to the company announcement, the poor-generation location features are concentrated in the central, long triangle, and ring areas of Haiti, in large enterprises, in real estate, manufacturing, and wholesale and retail trade, and in the premises, mining, culture, sports and entertainment, accommodation and catering, and in the education sector, in terms of the amount of non-performing loans generated and the generation of non-performing loans.
Over the course of the year, there was a significant decline in the impairment of loans and a significant increase in the coverage of the stock loan provision. Throughout the year, loans lost $37 billion, a decrease of $9.9 billion in the same year, non-lending losses of $28.9 billion, an increase of $11 billion in the same year, an increase of $5.6 billion in forward credit losses, an increase of $3.5 billion in the same year, company references to joint assets, preparation for incremental losses in off-the-book or equivalent operations,
In comparison with the previous three quarters, there was a significant increase in loan impairment losses in the four quarters, with a decrease in the value impairments on the external side or in relation to the external balance sheet. Four quarters loan impairment losses of $25.8 billion, compared to the previous three quarters of $11.2 billion, single quarter increases of more than the first three quarters, non-credit credit impairment losses of $28.9 billion throughout the year.
In the first three quarters, $45 billion was reduced in the first quarter and four quarters were reduced in a single quarter, moving to profit scale increases. The high stock loan provision rose significantly. The loan provision was 484 per cent, representing a significant 41 percentage point increase over the three quarters.
Recovering profitability and increasing capital advantage
The annual performance of the merchant banks continues to increase, the profitability of the banks continues to improve, capital strength continues to grow, the four-quarter net-rate gap ring continues to rise, processing fees increase rapidly, and asset quality remains excellent. We believe that companies have a solid customer base and ability to operate, leading wealth management, and good asset liabilities, with a competitive advantage or further as the company’s wealth, digitization strategy progresses.
Lower economic performance leads to a deterioration in asset quality. Banks are more relevant as a pro-cyclical industry, corporate business development, and economic development.
Financial regulation has been exceeding expectations. Since 2021, regulation of hidden government debt and real estate has intensified, while continuing to direct banks to the real economy, but if financial regulation is either expected by the supermarket for concessionary policies, it will affect bank earnings performance.