The performance of the industry has been strong, and the management of the great wealth has been very effective - the Merchant Bank (600036.sh) reported for the year 2021. On March 18, it published the 2021 report.
Zhang Xiaohui has maintained double-digit growth, and the roae is still strong. 79,843 million won in the 21q4 season, an increase of 15.63 per cent over the same period, an increase of more than 21q3.
For the first of the banks whose performance has been disclosed, the position of the block is strong. One-quarter interest differential rings are up, and the Great Wealth Management Strategy achieves value output. 21q4 one-quarter net interest differentials are 2.48%, maintaining the trend of 1bp in the q3 ring over the previous row.q4 interest-bearing asset average returns
The average cost-rate ratio for rates and interest-paying liabilities is equal to q3; a strong one-season spread has largely benefited from interest-bearing asset “increasing volume” boosts. Wealth management and asset management fees have developed in tandem, with revenues from wealth management and asset management fees increasing by 38.70 per cent and 57.52 per cent, respectively, and sales funds and sales funds, respectively, increasing by 38.70 per cent and 57.52 per cent respectively.
By the end of 2021, retail aum, private aum, was 10.76 trillion yuan and 3.39 trillion yuan, respectively, representing an increase of 20.33 per cent and 22.32 per cent, respectively, and retail aum grew faster than in 2020.
It has risen to 1.16 times the size of the assets on the table, and it has built up its position as a “retailed pole”. In 2021, silver was raised to $5,203 million, representing an increase of 37.94 per cent; net profits of $3,202 million, compared to the one-season interest gap, and the quality of wealth management improved.
Early start-up + a good client base, which helps to get money and money on the fast track; new product balances that are consistent with the new regulations Business performance continues to be bright and asset quality improves 93.53 per cent of the balance of the property, with a smooth net-value transition.
By the end of 2021, bad 16bp and poor stock continued to depress. The annual rate of malgeneration was 0.95%, with four consecutive quarters.
Equal, 31bp below the same year, with reduced incremental risk. The concern is also expressed in 3bp above the same year, mainly as a result of credit card loan default timing adjustments and enhanced recognition of retail loan risk. Broadness 1.75%, 13bp below the same year. Badness rate for public real estate 1.11pc - 1.11pt above the same year.
1.41 per cent, mainly affected by the increase in the risk of debt of some housing enterprises, was higher than the overall negative rate on public loans; the quality of retail lending assets remained stable and improved; the ratio of real estate loans was actively reduced and stocking capacity continued to be excellent.
The impact of regulation has been to reduce the share of public mortgages in total loans to 7.21 per cent, a drop of 56bp over the same period. By contrast, small microloans and credit cards have risen steadily, especially since credit card loans have gradually moved out of several banks with a positive stock increase rate of scissors, which is one of the main banks in the market.
Deposits account for 66.34%, up from 48bp at the end of 2020. Low-cost deposits are higher, and the build-up of current deposits is higher.
By the end of 2021, the space for future profit releases will continue to be opened, with the cost-earnings ratio going down, and capital adequacy targets improving. Operations and management in 2021.
Operating and management fees of $36.430 billion per quarter, an increase of 19.71 per cent over the same period, were significantly larger, and financial science and technology continued to increase their investment in the short term, causing some cost delays; but the annual cost was 33.12 per cent, with 18 bp below the same year.
Merchant banks have a unique retail advantage, with a single-season spread that continues to rise in reverse, credit that is “supplemented by volume” throughout the year, a strong non-interest income dynamic, a “light bank” transition and a “big wealth management” value chain that has worked well. Undesirable “double-downs” and provision coverage continue to rise. We use three phases.
The risks associated with business transformation and the abnormally high rate of non-performing loans; policies falling short of expectations, etc.
Double-digit revenue growth has been maintained, and non-interest income has contributed significantly. The year of the 2021 campaign was $33,253 million, an increase of 14.04 per cent over the year; and the 21q4 quarter, $7,98.43 million over the same period, with a strong growth rate, the “light bank” character has become more visible and its contribution has been significant.
Roae is the first bank on the market, and the leader is strong. In 2021, the net return profit was achieved and the first bank on the market was fast-tracked.
21q4 1bp with the asset end continuously “to be replenished by volume”. 21q4 1st quarter net difference is 2.48%, maintaining the trend of q3 ring to 1bp above. q4 average interest rate of return on assets and 1.60% average cost of interest-bearing liabilities are 3.97% and 1.60%, respectively, with the ring equal to q3; the single-season difference is strong.
The upward trend has largely benefited from the “volume” of interest-bearing assets, with an increase in the average asset balance of q4 interest-bearing assets by 3.14 per cent, an increase greater than the average balance of interest-bearing liabilities, a decrease of 1 bp “to-value” under strict cost-control conditions, and a direct reversal of strong asset acquisition capacity in the context of a long-term downward trend in the industry of net interest differentials.
In terms of the speed of net profit gains, the asset end “growth” is significant, with a growing contribution from year to year. On the income line, there is a “multiple flowering”: interest-bearing assets contribute the most, followed by fees and commissions, net income and other non-interest income, with net interest differentials of the same magnitude.
There is still room to optimize the cost of management fees, which are the most expensive and higher than in the previous year. Losses on assets and credit impairments have been significantly reduced, and commercial banks have entered the stage of preparing counter-breeding profits, while asset quality is stable.
The revenue contribution is clearly greater and the counter-feeding profits are stronger, but the costs are relatively high. 1.3. Non-interest income is particularly visible, lightening transitions are smooth, wealth management and asset management fees are developing in tandem, and the flying wheel effect is evident.
Strategic value outputs, operational synergies. Under the sub-section, income from wealth management fees and fees, 358.41, led by the large value-cycle chain of wealth management, is becoming more effective, resulting in 36.20 per cent, 42.80 per cent and 53.69 per cent, respectively, higher revenues from sales funds, insurance and revenue management.
Single-season charges and net revenue from commissions (millions of yuan) yoy (right axis) Retail and private aum are growing at a high rate to manage the steaming of the subsidiary.
Merchant banks retailed aum, private sector aum 10.76 trillion yuan, and 3.39 trillion yuan, respectively, increasing by 20.33 per cent, 22.32 per cent, and retail aum up by 2020. The ratio of retail aum to total assets amounted to 116.33 per cent, which means that total retail customers ' assets have risen to the scale of the chart assets.
1.16 times the size of the model, retail expansion is accelerating, and the position of the “retail pole” is firmly entrenched. In 2021, the subsidiary in charge of finance under the banner, which generated a monetary gain of $5,203 million, an increase of 37.94 per cent, and net profits of $322 million, an increase of 32.03 per cent.
As of the end of 2021, the balance of new products for which the money was in line with the new regulations was $2.6 trillion, representing 93.53% of the balance of the property, and the net-valued transition was smooth. The rate of discounting of bills was lower than in the previous year, and the demand for credit was more marginal.
This represents an increase of 10.76% for public loans, discounting notes, and retail loan balances, respectively, at a higher rate than the lower line, with the “optimal” of instruments improving and the marginality of credit demand improving. Retail credit cards are increasing at a faster rate than public-optimal mortgages.
In the retail lending structure, micro-credits, individual housing loans and credit card balances are 0.56 trillion, 1.37 billion and 0.84 trillion, respectively.
With the policy correction in the second half of the year, reasonable mortgage lending needs were met, so mortgage lending contracted less in the second half of the year. Credit card growth was greater than in the second half.
At the end of 2021, the balance of bank deposits was $6.35 trillion, an increase of 12.77 per cent over the previous year, a decline from 2020.
Retail deposits grew at a rate of 12.57%, higher than retail loans (11.44%), and the retail customer base was excellent.
A high increase in low-cost deposits by commercial banks and an up-to-date ratio of current deposits helped to maintain a low negative debt cost, thereby stabilizing interest differential performance and providing a constant incentive for credit lending. Figure 17.2021 recorded a faster rate of increase in deposits than in loans.
The negative loan balance was 50,862 million yuan by the end of 2021, a decrease of 5.13 pt; and the negative loan rate of 0.91 per cent.
Line 3bp, mainly due to credit card default timing adjustments, and enhanced recognition of retail loans with late or other windfall signals. Broadly negative rates (bad rates + concern rates) are 1.75%, compared to 13bp below, and asset quality is further stymied.
The quality of retail assets is stable with regard to the quality of assets that are constrained by public mortgages. The negative structure is 1.24 per cent for public loans and 0.81 per cent for retail loans, respectively, down by 45 bp, 1 bp, but 1.11 to 1.41 per cent for public real estate, mainly by industrial policy.
The quality of assets is expected to improve gradually as the main pressure on real estate loans drops.
Figure 22. Rates of concern have increased slightly over the same period, the rate of unsound production has increased over the same period, and non-lending credit impairment losses have increased over the previous line. By the end of 2021, a total credit impairment loss of $65,962 million was recorded for the year, of which the loan impairment loss was $37,02 billion or more.
Annual provision coverage has risen steadily, and provision has begun to be made for anti-breeding profits. The profit release space is still sufficient in the light of the low trend of expected negative future production rates.
Cost-earnings are lower than year-on-year, capital indicators are more marginally improved 3.1. Staff costs are increasing faster, capital supplements are under pressure, cost revenues are lower than year-on-year, and costs are rising faster in a single quarter.
The security margins of capital are still large and risk-resistant. In capital management, the core-level capital adequacy rate is 12.66 per cent, an increase of 35bp from the end of the third quarter, the first-level capital adequacy rate, the month of capital, the recruitment of merchant banks into the third group of system-critical banks, the core-level capital adequacy regulation.
The bottom line is 75bp, which is currently looking at a strong margin of capital security. Merchant banks have a unique retail advantage, a single-season interest gap continues to rise, credit is “supplemented” throughout the year, non-interest income dynamics are strong, “light banking” transitions and “big wealth management” value chains work.
Visible. Unable to achieve a "double drop" and the provision for coverage continues to rise. Under the absolute valuation method of the three-stage ddm model, a zero-risk rate of 2.86 per cent has been measured based on the 10-year rate of return on national debt, and the urban rate of return has been selected for an average gain of 8.25 per cent by a depth of 300 indexes over a five-year period.
Under the relative valuation method, we believe that the performance of the merchant banks has continued to increase, that they have a strong leadership position, that there is a strong lending dynamic, that the “flying wheel effect” of business integration has gradually emerged in terms of performance, and that there has been a marginal improvement in asset quality, that the underlying logic of excellence, and that the valuation will remain in front of the bank plate.
Business risks: risks associated with business transformation and risk escalation such as real estate loans. Policy risks: structural reforms on the financial supply side, tighter banking regulatory policies; policy setting.
Other risks: the risks associated with force majeure, such as a new coronary virus outbreak, which suspends the operation of the institution.