Full lead for business, rare bid for valuation premium, medium security (600030.sh) full lead for operations, rare bid for valuation premium
The company’s business is a full-scale leading industry, with a strong leader, fee-for-service and leverage ratio above industry averages, and Roe continues to lead. The company’s competitive advantages in wealth management, investment and capital management are clear, providing a high-quality customer base and brand advantage, capital-based operations are dominated by non-directional capital intermediaries, and derivatives are competitive.
In the short term, the company’s own operations are based on a model of demand, risk neutral market volatility, quarterly stock-sharing to address wind-control indicator bottlenecks, year-round profitability, and, in the long run, the company has an excellent and stable management team and an overall leading business base.
To continue to benefit from the benefits of capital market reform dividends and industry concentration optimized patterns. To benefit from robust profitability, high characterization, high share of light capital income, high asset transparency, and scarcity of champions, the transformation of wealth management and optimal growth of business structures are highlighted.
(1) The corporate wealth management business structure continues to be optimized, and the share of non-commissioned income has increased and is growing. Through channels and brand advantages, the number of corporate institutional clients has grown rapidly, agency brokers have driven the growth of business markets, and public fund-raising revenues have kept industry first.
Industry first. (2) Proprietary management leads the transition, and active management of the average monthly size of assets is first; the summer fund in China has a diverse business structure, public funds lead the aum industry, and performance is resilient. (3) Corporate equity financing and bond financing are among the first in a series of years, with a marked increase in market ownership following the reform of the registration system.
With the current abundance of human and project reserves, full registration is expected to further strengthen the investment lead.
The business subsidiary Roe is better than the industry averages and has synergies with the company’s investment operations. The stock pledge risk is manageable in the first place. It is expected that the business start-up board will further improve the efficiency of the company’s stock assets and create natural synergies with the company’s investments, blending, derivatives, and research operations, making it a new point of income growth.
Corporate risk exposure: corporate profitability is growing less than expected.1 Strategic layout is forward-looking, multiple business power industries lead 1.1, strategic ahead, equity financing and M & As restructuring support scale-up
In December 1999, an increasing equity build-up became the Sino-Sin securities company. In 2003, Sino-Sin securities were placed on the market and became the first ipo-listed securities company in the country: Hong Kong in 2011, the first Chinese-owned securities firm to be listed in a+h stock.
On 17 March 2022, China-China Financial Holdings Limited (CIFCC) was granted a licence to set up its first largest shareholder, China-China Financial Holdings Limited (CIFC), which, as a financial holding company of the Sino-Consent Group, held a financial licence plate and related assets under the flag and accepted by the Department of Supervision.
It is expected that the synergies between the plates under a gold control platform will be further developed, with the Sino-Portables expanding the branding effect, upgrading business capabilities and optimizing client services. Figure 1: Relying on the Sino-Trust Group, shareholders have significant resources
Sino-Sin-Sin-Sung Company Ltd. China-Sin-Sin-Sin-Sung Company Ltd.
Sino-China Sino-Sin, China Sino-Sin, China Sino-Sin, China
The strategic forward-looking approach guides companies to a forward-looking business that fully benefits from the industry dividend. The corporate strategy of “big projects”, “big networks”, “big platforms”, “internationalization” in different regulatory environments and competing situations is forward-looking.
Since the establishment of the expansion strategy, a+h equity ipo, five refinancings, multiple M & As reorganizations have resulted in a rapid increase in net assets, total assets, net profits and cross-cutting development of operations.
(2) The above-mentioned share allocation/additional selection time is the date on which the shares/new shares are marketed The management has extensive managerial and professional experience.
1.2. Roe is better than industry, with many operations ranked first, scale indicators ranked first in the long run, leverage and fee-earning ratios were higher than industry, driving Roe ahead. Corporate total assets, net assets, net profits indicators rank first in the long run, 2022q1 total assets.
63%. 2022q1 company returns a net profit on a year-on-year basis +1.2%, performing better than the average number of securities. Net corporate interest rates are relatively stable, with leverage and fee-earning ratios consistently higher than industry, driving the company to lead. Figure 5: Corporate leverage continues to be higher than industry since 2016
Figure 4: Since 2017, companies have had higher business advantages than industry, with many industries ranked first. Brokering, investment banks, asset management, finance coupons, etc., all remain market leaders and are competitive in their industries, with many doing their business in the first place.
The Division’s adjusted collection achieved a complex growth rate of 21% over nine years. In terms of income structure, the company’s overall business structure is balanced, with all operations growing.
Net income from operations = other business income = other business costs (4) net spread = rate of return on interest-bearing assets — rate of cost on interest-bearing obligations = rate of return on interest-bearing assets = (interest income + investment returns + gain or loss on change in fair value) / (financial assets + long-term equity investments + loan money + buy-back financial assets) = cost of interest-bearing debt = (interest expenditures — interest on agent securities) / (short-term borrowing + short-term financing payable + break-in capital + sale and buy-back financial assets + long-term borrowing)
+ End-of-year average of bonds payable: Figure 8: Overall growth in corporate operations since 2012 (in billions of dollars) Adjusted revenue = operating income - other operating costs
Light capital operations: the transformation of wealth management leading, structural optimization highlighting 2.1. Wealth management: agency brokerage drives city-to-city growth, wealth management leading, wealth management leading, business structure of wealth management continuously optimizes, non-commissioned income ratios rises, growth is prominent.
Business is diversified, structured and optimized, the share of non-commissioned income continues to rise, and growth is becoming more pronounced and the impact of volatility on wealth management operations has diminished. Companies sold 19% of their financial products in the 2021s, with high agency brokerage driving the overall increase in the market share of brokering.
In 2014-2019, business homogenization led to increased competition in the industry and a slight decline in corporate brokerage. Since 2020, the overall brokerage market has increased, and we believe that it is mainly machine-brokering that contributes more.
In industry, the share of institutional brokerage is higher than in industry. The firm’s share of individual clients’ bonds remained stable for the period 2019-2021, and the percentage of institutional clients’ bonds continued to rise, with the company’s share remaining at the top of the list for three consecutive years, reflecting an overall increase in the number of corporate brokers’ presence driven by institutional discipline.
Bonds refer to agency sales of securities, brokers, agencies (2) The above-mentioned market share calculation takes data on 40 listed securities dealers for 2019-2021 The Division has increased its services to important and incremental clients, such as bankers' subsidiaries, and the number of clients of services continues to increase, 2017-
The wealth management transition has continued to deepen, with the surrogate income sector leading, and the surrogate retention-scale industry leading. In 2018, Sino-Sin securities changed the brokering development and management board to a wealth management committee, from business-centred to business-oriented.
A client-centred shift towards wealth management started, and three drivers were advanced, one product-driven, one technology-driven, and one talent-driven. In 2021, the net revenue from corporate sales of financial products was 2.660 billion a year + 35 per cent, and the industry ranked first.
The fund and the public-regulated stock of securities have created a one-stop wealth management platform, and there has been continuous improvement in wealth management. The company has developed a relatively scientific, mature system of marketing and marketing, with the ability to sell the best products in the industry; and it has streamlined its wealth management drive from headquarters to branch.
The system, which has autonomously built a wealth management platform that combines “product sales, investment advisers and asset allocation”; and the positive-line wealth management account system. The customer service system of “1+1+n” is maturing: perfecting the wealth allocation investment product system, and fostering a wealth management profession.
The wealth management allocation capacity is core, internal and external synergies, and continuously upgrading the capacity to serve global clients across the country. 30% of the 2% of the high-middle net clients contributed aum, and the Fund invested more than 7 billion in aum. In 2021, the assets of corporate wealth management clients were 11 trillion, compared to 29% and over 2 million/ 6 million.
Over 90,000 clients have been contracted over a month, and the assets of the clients have exceeded $7 billion.
2.2. Governance: Proactive management of the transition leading by auum solid growth in the summer fund: Proactive management of the transition leading by a higher management rate. Since 2020, management rates have increased by trillion yuan, representing 89% of the average monthly size of all asset management, and are in the top position to manage the industry of scale.
Figure 17: Increase in CMS rates since 2020 Figure 18: Continuous increase in the proportion of active management since 2016
The summer fund, with its diverse business structure, performance is resilient, and index fund aum industry is the first. The company holds 62% of the share, the summer fund returns 2.3 billion net profits to the mother in 2021, or 44.7% of the year 2012-2021. The summer fund has the characteristics of an index fund, alum 25.5 billion at the end of 2022q1.
The top ranking is 40% of the non-goods aum. 2.3, Illustratives: industry headline concentration continues, companies remain in the lead, domestic and international players are in the lead, and manpower and project reserves are abundant. (1) Industry headline concentration trends are clear
The size of the domestic investment in ipo in 2021 was 57%, and the concentration of the industry's head was evident. Since 2019, the Sino-one China ipo combined was higher in size, singular and income than it was before 2018 (ipo approvals were tightened in 2018, and regulation of “heavy weight” highlighted head coupons.
Corporate equity financing and bond financing are the first industries in a row for many years. In 2021, the company ipo committed 85 billion yuan, with 16 per cent of the city, and the domestic equity funder was ranked first in the market for six consecutive years. The amount of offshore equity financing continued to rise, and the company completed 53 offshore equity projects in 2021.
US$ 14 refinancing projects, US$ 4.2 billion under cover, Hong Kong market equity finance ranking, with project reserves and manpower ranked first in the industry, will further consolidate corporate leadership in investing. (2) The size of offshore equity financing projects is converted at US$ 1 = RMB 6.5.
Figure 25: Rapid growth in ipo odd market share since 2020 Figure 24: Rapid growth in ipo market share since 2020
Figure 26: Corporate ipo ' s share of the market in size in 2021 Heavy capital operations: capital intermediation, leading the off-site derivatives industry, self-investment is robust, risk exposure is low and asset transparency is high
Self-investment structure: Self-investment is dominated by bonds, equity investments or non-directional investments, overall risk exposure is smaller, and assets are more transparent. The corporate financial investment asset structure is a major component of total assets, with 2022q1 accounting for 46%. The corporate self-investment structure is dominated by bond-based investments, with equity-based financial assets accounting for more than industry averages.
The ratio of investment in other corporate claims continued to be lower than industry average in 2019-2021, financial investment assets dominated by transactional financial assets and asset data transparency was relatively high. (2) Large-owned financial assets = traded financial assets + other equity instruments + derivative financial assets + other claims + investment
The company invests in equity or hedges off-site derivative risks. Most of the shares in the company’s traded assets are in a position to hold the relevant bid for off-the-shelf derivative business risks, and the fair value of this portion of the assets is assumed by the client, with less impact on the company’s profits or losses.
In bits, the business development curve is similar, assuming that the middle-letter securities are in line with the stock of China Gold ' s financial assets, that the share of off-site derivatives is in a stubble ratio and that the company ' s position in 2019-2021 was 89/85/85/85 per cent of off-site derivatives, that the return on its own investment has been reduced by market influence since 2018 and that the overall rate of return on its own investment has stabilized.
As companies diversify their own investment asset structure, their own investment returns tend to stabilize and become more subject to stock and bond markets. Companies ' own investment returns are lower than the average for listed securities and average self-investment earnings with headbills (2) Financial asset size = transactional financial assets + other equity instruments + derivative financial assets + holdings + available for sale + Financial assets +
Investment interest earned on other claims to maturity investments + other claims investments (3) 2022q1 are measured value (2) Size of financial assets = transactional financial assets + investments in other equity instruments + derivative financial assets + available for sale + investments held to maturity + investments in other claims
(3) Interest income on investment of other claims in the first and third quarters of each year is measured by leveraging debt financing at the division level. (2) Self-employed business sectors leverage in the exhibition industry, mainly through the sale of repurchase capital financing products.
Gains + interest income on investment of other claims)/average net self-employed asset size (2) 2022q1 interest income on investment of other claims is projected value (4) Self-invested asset size = transactional financial assets + other equity instruments + derivative financial assets + available for sale + investments held to maturity + investments of other claims
(5) Size of self-investment liabilities = transactional financial liabilities + derivative financial liabilities + sale of repurchase financial assets + type of operations with financing needs of clients. These include financing bonds, stock pledges, earnings swaps, equity derivatives, derivatives of large commodities, market transactions, cross-border transactions, etc., which have a risk-neutral character, city
Companies have fully met client personality needs to start a series of new business-based ventures that inject new energy into corporate development. Since 2018, the number of clients of capital intermediation services has continued to grow, and the rapid growth of client guarantees in accounts payable attests to the high demand for derivatives.
Figure 34: Rapid growth in the number of institutional clients of capital intermediation services Figure 35: Strong demand for customer derivatives, rapid growth in client security payments 3.2. Out-of-the-field derivatives: clear competitive advantages, business size and income industry lead
The main off-site derivatives operations include off-site equity options, off-site stock options and off-site earnings swaps, which require a higher risk pricing capacity and capital strength to design products and hedge. Market concentration trends are evident, with a higher share of the head bond market, November 2020
The company, as a first-tier out-of-the-field derivative dealer, has a wide variety of products and the largest operations. On the scale of the business, the nominal capital of corporate financial derivatives has grown rapidly.
In terms of business income, the company ' s net out-of-the-field options in 2020 were first. Assuming that the company ' s off-the-ground derivatives account for 5% of the share of traded financial assets, we measure the company ' s off-site derivatives ' qualifications.
I'm sure you'll be able to find out what you're talking about. I'm sure you'll find out what you're talking about. I'm sure you'll find out.
Shanxi, Huafu, Guangdong, Nanjing, Dongging, Fangzheng, Great Wall, Gynaecological, Gynaecological, Chinese, Chinese Galaxy, Eastern, Sino-Safe, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Japanese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, million.
3.3 Direct investment and follow-on investment: more market-affected, better roe than industry-average, more market-affected profits for companies ' alternative and pe subsidiaries, and better than industry-wide averages.
After the creation board and the investment system landed, Sino-Sino equity investment grew rapidly, and investment advantages made the company the number one market. Goldstone invested in 2018 into a private equity fund management platform, with a single collection, investment, and withdrawal system. The fall in the 2022q1 market was clear, and we measured companies and passive investment.
3.4. Merger and stock pledge: The two-banking market led the lead, the stock pledge risk was manageable, and the stock pledge risk was manageable: the two-banking market was ahead of the industry and the stock pledge risk was controlled. The market was active, and the company grew in size in 2021, with the two-combined business markets accounting for 7.5 per cent. The stock pledge stock pledge continued to fall.
In terms of security maintenance, the risk of bonding and stock pledge is manageable. The CVM issued a pilot regulation on 13 May 2022 for securities companies to make market transactions, and companies meet the entry requirements.
By June 12, 2022, companies offered 67 companies to be listed on the board, with industry ranked first.
The company’s expansion is limited by wind-controlled indicators, and the equity share effectively relieves capital pressure. Among the capital capital that the company has developed is a capital-consumption business, whose size and profitability depend on a stable long-term supply of funds.