During the first half of the year, the main business boomed, and the China-South free-trade position continued to consolidate the social services/tourism and landscape areas. In the first half of 2023, the company increased its income and net return profits.
Net profits of $350/281 million each were lost on the same basis. Income and net returns to mothers increased significantly in the first half of the year compared to the same year, mainly due to the impact of airport passenger flow recovery and accelerated decolonization of properties. Compared to the pre-influence period, there was a marked improvement in the pre-infection deficit in the company’s operations as a result of the optimal asset-liability structure and financial costs of the restructured company.
The tax-exempt income at San Phoenix Airport is $12 million (as reflected in the machine).
During the first half of the year, the company’s airport production data accelerated the defecation of its real estate operations before they largely resumed the epidemic. The airport’s landing/passenger throughput/mail throughput recovered to 116/110/106 per cent in the same period in 2019, with Sanya airports recovering 112/108 per cent each before the outbreak.
In addition, in the first half of the year, the company generated $353.399 million in property management and other business revenues, excluding accounting effects, which was relatively smooth. Airport operations continued to recover relatively quickly, duty-free, with expectations that China’s construction of the port would boost mid-course growth.
In the first half of the year and since July, we have expected to see more than the same period in 2019 at Sanya airport. Meanwhile, the Sanya airport's three-phase expansion project is planned to start at the end of November 2023, which will meet the 30 million annual demand for vomiting.
It is expected that the area will increase from 1,800 to 6,800 m2 to help raise tax-free earnings. In the middle line, the company has the core advantage of the main industry under control at Hainan Airport (600515.sh) and in 2022, namely, a key airport in Hainan and a key airport in Hainan and a tax-free shop at the Ocean Square, no.
Hainan Airport (600515.sh) - Restructured Focus “Airports + Tax Exemptions,” Key Cards to continuously optimize progress, the center line is expected to benefit directly from Hainan’s port closures.
For the core beneficiaries of Hainan’s construction of the port, companies expect a certain certainty premium on their rare cards, such as the airport in Hainan and the city. Combining their current valuation levels and the company’s advantage in the flow card position as the leader of Hainan’s construction of the port, they maintain an “additional” rating.
In the first half of the first half of Hainan airport, there was a significant increase in income and net return to the mother. In the first half of 2023, the company achieved revenue of 33.70 billion yuan/+48.81 per cent, a recovery of 98.91 per cent from 2019h1, a return to the mother ' s net profit of 583 million yuan/+807.55 per cent, and the airport passenger flow recovery and the accelerated decolonization of property increased faster and lost both income and performance.
The company achieved income of 2,111 million yuan/+96.23 per cent: net profit on parent and non-net profit of $350/281 million, respectively. The large increase in revenue was mainly due to the impact of airport passenger flow recovery and accelerated property decolonization. Compared to the pre-epidemiological situation, the structure of corporate assets and interest costs were significantly optimized as a result of the restructuring of the company’s assets and liabilities (2019h1a airport, etc.)
As of June 30, 2023, tax-exempt: Hainan tax-exempt has grown steadily, with company tax-exempt-related contributions rising by more than 20% in the first half of the year, and Hainan's tax-exempt sales have increased steadily in the first half of the year. According to customs data from the sea port, customs controls left the island in January-June 2023.
In the first half of the year, according to the Hainan Province Department of Commerce, a total of $32.4 billion, or 31% more, was sold at the Hainan Ex-Island Free Shop. Hainan Airport indirectly participates in the Hainan Ex-Island tax free operation by providing business space and equity participation.
Tax-exempt operations in the form of rental of premises provided by the self-owned property industry include: a tax-free shop at the Sun Square, the Sea Control City, the San Phoenix Airport, the San Phoenix Airport drop-out point, the Port-au-Prince Moon Square back to the island point, the Bo-Charlie Airport lift-off; and a tax-free business in the form of equity participation to earn the return on investment.
These include: the 49% tax-free store at the Melanes airport (the owner of the tax-free store at the Melanes airport t1 and t2 terminal), the 49% tax-free shop at the San Phoenix airport and the 50% exemption from the Hainan Sea. The company organized the second phase of the tax-free shop at the San Phoenix airport in the first half of 2023, and has now completed the processing, solicitation and renovation of the relevant certificates.
In the first half of the year, the estimated pre-tax equity contribution for duty-free operations is 20% higher than in the first half of the year.
The impact of $140 million in comparison with the decline in the main result of the difference in calibre (the last year's rental of a writing building) and the difference in tax-free ocean rental rates (22h1 per cent, followed by 3 per cent) is an increase of 15 per cent in comparative calculus, of which 58 million dollars is for the month square. The tax-exempt income at San Phoenix airport is $12 million (as reflected in airport operations).
In the first half of the year, the company’s airport management revenue was 956 million yuan/+48 per cent and the total profit was 317 million yuan/+32 per cent of the company’s flag.
The next nine airports recovered from landing/passenger throughput/mail throughput to 116/110/106 per cent in the same period in 2019, of which Sanya airports recovered 112/108 per cent each, exceeding the pre-epidemiological rate, while the company ' s first half-year revenue from PMS and other operations was $353/399 million, which was relatively stable.
During the first half of the year, the company’s real estate business accelerated down. In the first half of 2023, real estate plots achieved income of 1,522 million yuan / +141%, with a total profit of $295 million, and lost the same amount.
Project development, successful completion of projects such as the Hao Tria 12 Commercial Street and active promotion of the resumption of priority projects such as the Interstate Hospital; in addition, the expansion of land in the open industry project, which was acquired in May 2023 in the city of Haiguchi, the lk11-16-02-01 area in the eastern district and the lk11-13-03 area in the Jiangdong district, will be followed up
In the first half of 2023, property management earned $353 million/-14.04 per cent of operating income, mainly due to changes in accounting standards that resulted in the recognition of revenue associated with the replacement of utilities from the total to the net method and the elimination of the impact.
In the future, priority will be given to expanding the funding of aviation airport industrial parks, government and business enterprises, residential commercial writing buildings, etc., to high-quality projects of a rapid and large scale.
Airport operations continue to recover at a faster pace, tax exemptions are still expected, and Hainan’s development from the Trade Port is driving the growth of the center line. Combined with the Certificate Times and company operations data, it is expected that Sanya airport traffic will exceed the same period in 2019 throughout the year (since the end of March).
At the same time, the third phase of the project to expand Sanya Airport began at the end of November 2023 and will increase to 6,800 square metres in the future, contributing to tax-exempt gains. At the middle line, the company has central advantages, such as key airport cards at Hainan and tax-free commercial resources at the Ocean Square, and will continue to optimize its efforts in the future.
The company is the most nuclear beneficiary in the construction of the port, and there is a certain premium on the rare cards, such as the airport and the city, which will be in the future based on the country’s capital base, Hainan.
Channel card advantages are expected to continue to be consolidated, maintaining an “enhanced” rating. Authors ensure that the data used in the reports are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, is independent, objective, impartial and independent of any third party’s approval or influence; authors have not studied them in the past, now, or in the future.