Hainan Airport (600515.sh) evaluation of 23q2: Airport & Tax Free Full Rehabilitation, Formal Towards Growing Gateway Hainan Airport (600515.sh)
Airport operations were fully resumed, with 23h1 airport management receiving $956 million/+47.5 per cent over the same period in 19 years: 89,000 flights/+68 per cent and passenger throughput at 9 airports under the flag and managed for the completion of flights; 116/110/106 per cent, of which 689 million/+64 per cent at San Phoenix Airport;
The tax-exempt and business growth was robust and the impact of the financial calculus was on the increase: tax-exempt and commercial revenue was raised at $140 million/-41 per cent, mainly due to the adjustment of rental income from the holding property to real estate operations: Sea Island commercial participation tax exemption
The current investment income is 79 million yuan/+44 per cent, of which 63 million yuan are tax-free at Haiguchi Airports and 13 per cent are tax-free at Sanya Airports (all included in airport management). In addition, 5,000 squares of the French garden at Sanya Airports are being opened in the near future and are expected to contribute further to rental income + investment returns.
Accelerating the de-mining of the inventory property project, with a focus on ventilating industries: RMB 1522 million/+141 per cent for 23h1 property operations, RMB 37,000/+59 per cent of the contracted area and RMB 570 million/+55 per cent of the contracted amount; in addition, active expansion of the off-site industry project land, 2 plots of land tenure in May 2023, which will be followed by the promotion of the off-air industry project
The company is active in expanding high-quality, large-scale projects such as the Airfield Industrial Park, the Government Enterprise, the Residential Business Writing Building, etc., where properties are managed at a cost of $353 million/-14%.
RMB 399 million/+19 per cent, including $156 million for hotel operations (excluding Sanya Airport Hotels), $193 million for Tian Yu, and with the quick resumption of airport operations and the settlement of debts, profitability is back on track: 23q2 achieves Māori.
40.89%/+6pc, sales rate of 1.88%/+1pc, mainly due to the increase in commissions for the sale of real estate business over the same period of the previous year Investment proposal: The company, as an important participant in the construction of the Hainan Free Trade Port, is expected to benefit from the policy and development dividends, as well as long-term growth in airports and duty-free operations.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
Risk factors: Less-than-expected passenger flow, less-than-expected expansion of production capacity, less-than-expected sales of duty-free shops, General Manager of the Policy Risk Centre.
In November 2022, they joined the Sinda new consumer group. They covered cosmetics, medical beauty, social clothing, Li Bong Jing, Master of Science at the Champagne branch of the University of Illinois, Bachelor of Science in Economics at the South-West University of Finance and Economics, and the Sinda new consumer group in November 2022.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.