Airport operations are recovering well and there has been a significant increase in profitability. \triangleright \triangleright
The growth in entry was due mainly to the fact that the airport and hotel operations were carried over from the real estate project due to favourable market conditions in the first half of the year. The level of corporate profitability improved significantly. 1h23 achieved a Māori ratio of 44.48 per cent/+5.95 pcts, sales/management \triangleright
Liu Wenzheng, airport operations are recovering well, with operational targets exceeding the same level in 2019.
At the same time in 2019, 111.67 per cent, 108.02 per cent and 97.62 per cent of tax-exempt related operations generated 120 million \trianglerights
One million dollars, of which Sea Island businesses earn $58 million by providing tax-free shop rentals; Sea Island commercials share S01012207030 million in investment returns at Seaport Melan Airport. In addition, San Phoenix Airport is tax-free.
Revenues of 120 million yuan are recorded in airport management operations, of which 84 million yuan are derived from concessions through the provision of tax-free shop premises, 0.36 million from concessions through the provision of tax-free lift point leases, and 15 million yuan from investment gains through the participation in the three Phoenix Airport duty-free shops.
1. Hainan Airport (600515.sh) reported for the first time that business income was realized at 1,522 million yuan, an increase of 141 per cent over the previous year, mainly by carrying over the Hao Dynasty South C14 project.
Revenue, while the company focuses on accelerating the process of de-evaluating the stock-based real estate project and actively expanding the land of the open-air industry project. Property management achieved business income of $353 million, down 14 per cent from the same period, with companies managing a total area of more than 17 million square metres and 191 management projects. Other company operations generated revenues of $399 million, including $156 million in hotel operations.
In addition to the San Phoenix International Airport Hotel, which offers $193 million in training, the investment proposal is that companies should be deeply involved in the construction of the Hainan Freeport, and that many operations such as airport management, duty-free commerce, property management, etc. will benefit from the benefits of the Free Trade Port policy, and the company ' s medium- and long-term development prospects are promising.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.