Seanan Airport (600515) Transport
The higher performance compared to 1350.8% was the result of increased sales in airports, hotels, and real estate since this year, with the transfer of revenue from the Haoting South Chinac 14 project and a significant increase in the same income from real estate. The civil aviation industry recovered strongly, and revenues from airport operations rebounded.
In addition to the continued Henan tourist heat, the company held ownership and managed the export of nine airports in the first half of 2023.
There was a surge in the number of customers at the Emeralds Airport, the Moon Square and the San Phoenix Airport, resulting in a tax exemption of $140 million from tax and commercial operations, resulting from a decline of $98 million in calibre compared to 2022, which included revenue from the island's business investment, the island's business, the Phoenix Airport rental income and the Phoenix Airport tax exemption.
The port is about to close, and the scale of operations continues to expand. The port is expected to be closed in 2025, the company’s tax-exempt business lending policy dividends are expanding, and the Phoenix Airport Free Shop II project has added tax-free rents.
The clearance, recruitment and renovation of 50,000 square metres of land have been completed, and the total tax-free lease area at Phoenix Airport will reach 0.68 million square metres after the opening of the airport.
This will be followed by a continuous “land-to-house” effort to promote the development and diversification of projects in the open-air industry. Profit forecasting and investment proposals: with the recovery of civil aviation demand and the release of the dividends from the construction of the Hainan self-trade port.
Hainan Airport (600515). The airport’s tax-free recovery is imminent, with a start-up bonus of 2023-05-14 for the construction of a trading port of 32 x, 27 x. Depending on the location and operating advantage, the company will maintain a medium- and high-growth and a “buy-in” rating.
There is no reason, no reason, nor will there be any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.