Thirteen-five steady collectors, 14-five v-led brand upwards Investment rating: Purchase (maintenance) company announcement, expected to generate business income of about $5.1 billion in 2020, or 4.7 per cent; expected to be placed on the market
The net profits of company shareholders are estimated at 1.55 billion yuan, or 6.3 per cent more; the projected deductions for shareholders in listed companies are estimated to be approximately 19.4 per cent higher than expected, although the impact of the epidemic is more pronounced in 1q, with 2q cases showing an increase in corporate revenue at the end of the cycle, which is expected to rise to about 10 per cent in 2020, after the company's weekly chairman was in the dealer's office.
It was stated that the number of out-of-provincial distributors had increased from 241 in 2015 to 535 in 2020, after the CEO of the company said at the distributors meeting that there was a gradual shift from quantitative to qualitative change. According to the previous announcement, the company had set the pace.

v is a high-end business and market inspection component corresponding to the marketing strategy. In 2020, national v has evolved, v is a whole or close to doubling growth, and the company is now significantly strengthening its strategic status v9, v3 (v3 position 700+, v9 position 1,300+), including focusing resources to enhance outreach and promote branding.
After the rise in consumption, company planning V is a ten-year target of 10 billion; k is a major effort to maintain market order and price stability, and k is a fundamental development.
On the one hand, by fine-tuning the packaging of products to incorporate the concepts of quality, culture, environmental protection, protection against forgery, and information interaction to boost the new product, on the other hand, "The world's first time covered: deep development within the province, national origin."
Quota management is applied to tight price controls to achieve the orderly advancement of the fast-growing 200807 quota system by importing the information system, pushing the terminal scavenging, etc., and focusing on the synergy between the two core items of v9 and the four.
In the next two years, the company will increase its core volume.
Billion, v. Lead Brand Up, 20210113 Challenge target performance is positive and positive, while core k-products are still at the stage of product life cycle growth,v expect to follow the next stage of consumption escalation, and projected harvests are expected to coincide with the 202022 performance projections based on performance forecasts
In order to adapt the corporate product structure to the structural growth of the industry, channels continue to take advantage of the banding advantage, while the regional province is still empty southwards southwards, with a critical period of changing quality outside the province, and the company ' s 1455 challenge target is likely to be met, with a corresponding valuation of less than expected for the South and Central Su region; and 3) the out-of-provincial expansion is not as advanced as expected.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of these messages or that the information and recommendations contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not had, do not have had, do not have had, and will not have received any form of direct or indirect recommendations or views in the present report.