Fourteen hundred and fifty-five challenges, $15 billion, looking at v as leading brands up, up to 535 households by 2020, with a gradual shift from quantitative to qualitative; and a sales team of 1,000 people at the end of the 13th century, half of which serves the out-of-provincial market, with the expected share of the out-of-provincial market if the 14th Five-Year Plan is successfully achieved.
Out of 11 more than 30 million markets planned out of the province, 5 of the billion yuan market (Santdong, Shanghai, Beijing, Henan, company prices compared to 300 deep trends) have been steadily advancing out of the province.
This is a product strategy. This is the foundation of the development of the K system. This is the strategy of the four major marketing strategies of the World War V, the upgrading of the k, the activation of the world ' s brands, and the break-through of the outside world. The company has now significantly strengthened its strategic position v9 and v3 (V3 position 700 plus plus v9 position 1300 plus), including its focus on resource enhancement.
• The company will either upgrade it after spring 2021 and strengthen its national identity by upgrading it.
On the one hand, by fine-tuning the packaging of products, incorporating the concepts of quality, culture, environmental protection, protection against forgery and information interaction to boost new product strength, on the other hand, by introducing quota regulation and strict price control, and by importing information systems and promoting end-out storage codes, etc.
The target performance is positive, and the core K-based product is still growing in its life cycle, and v is promising.
For the first time in the world, this is the beginning of a process of deep development within the province, of nationalism in keeping with the structural growth of the industry, of continuing the division advantage, and of the regional province in the south and south of the country, where space is still large, and of the outside world.
During the critical period of qualitative change, the 14th Challenge of the Company has an opportunity to achieve its objectives, with a comparative advantage over the value of its peers, The Constellation of the World: The 14th Target Doubles, Four Big Marketings, 20201229
The South and Central Su region did not perform as expected; 3) the development of the area outside the province was not as fast as expected; the data and information used in the present report were produced independently and objectively using legally compliant information, and the information and information used in the report came from the market. I did not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of these messages, nor did I guarantee that the information and recommendations contained therein would not change anything.
Reference. I do not have, do not have, do not have, and will not receive, directly or indirectly, any form of recommendation or opinion in this report.