The "13th Five-Year Plan" led by the "14th Five-Year Plan - the "14th Five-Year Plan Review" of the Consort (603369) - the launch of a five-year strategic plan outline with a target of about $5.9 billion in 2021.
To reach $6.6 billion; to reach $10 billion by 2025, and to reach $15 billion. The 13th Five-Year Plan was successful, with continued high innovation, leading to a doubling of corporate revenues and tax revenues during the 13th Five-Year Plan, which grew from 2,42 billion in 2015.
By 2020, the total assets of the company had grown from $5.4 billion to over $10 billion. From channels, it appears that the two-way marketing system, the brand-plus channel, has worked well and continues to deepen its internal market, with a gradual increase in the occupancy rate; the number of distributors has increased from 241 in 2015 to focus on the development of the provincial and nationalization processes.
Looking ahead to the 14th Five, the White Wine + the Fortune Culture led the rapid development, the Ouyang Woo Sword launched two business strategies and eight strategic initiatives: White Wine + Fortune Culture.
At the top of the scale, the upgrading of k and v systems to nationalize the chain of nationalism; at the market level, the strategy is centred on “According within, Breaking outside”, with long triangles at its core, creating 500-70 million-grade market plates; and at the quality of products, strengthening quality-driven, based on taste and health, and improving the quality of white wine.
The price of the first batch is still strong, the stock is low, the performance target is high, the price of the second batch is about $400, the price of the second batch is around $250, the spring season is approaching, and the Beijing West Side is 28 West Avenue is safe in Beijing.
At the retail end, the core singles were raised from 21 years on the 15th floor of the Central China Sea International Centre, in January-March, at a monthly price of $10 per bottle, and the four are raised twice last year.
Prices help to optimize pipeline stock, upgrade product branding, and prepare for the launch of the new edition.
Fukuwa, Shenzhen Fukuda, has a 6th tax-free company that maintains the company's “upper” rating.
Tsengdu China Free Trade Experiment (Sichuan)
The client of the company (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) uses it. The company is not considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving the report and has no direct business agreement with the company.
The reader is not a client of this company, and the company has no responsibility for propriety. Before this report is publicly disclosed or agreed to by this company, it is classified material from this company, and if it is received by a non-client of this company, please return and delete it in a timely manner and keep it confidential.
The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which can be changed at any time without notice. At different times, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.
The company is not obliged to update all recipients of this report on the basis of analytical comments or trade views that are inconsistent with the report, based on different assumptions, research methods, instant dynamic information, and market performance. The information contained in this report may be modified without notice.
This view, the recommendation, does not take into account the specific purpose of the investment, financial position and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, and does not at any time constitute a recommendation for private investment in the client. Based on the company ' s Risk Level Assessment Management for Products or Services, a study on the value of listed companies is consulted with the opinion of a professional finance consultant.
This report and the performance of the company’s future relevant studies.