Copper mausoleum colour (000630) Materials material volume increase/decrease, but performance remains relatively stable _ colour-tracking _ copper mausoleum
The company published its semi-annual report for 2019, which achieved operating income of 46.860 billion yuan in the first half of the year, an increase of 15.09 per cent in the same year; and a net return of 414 million yuan, an increase of 0.18 per cent in the same year.
Revenues were the highest in the past 16 months, but net profit ring ratios decreased by 52 per cent in the single quarter, by 20 per cent in the same year, but by 23 per cent in the largest share of cathode bronze, and by the whole, spot tc dropped unilaterally from $93.5/dry to the current $53/dry tons at the end of 2018.
Seven years of the lowest level, so that even if the company’s output grew by 8.84 per cent on a year-on-year basis, its performance is still falling, and the increase in operational payables, among other things, has led to a net cash flow of $1.964 billion for the company’s operations, compared with the total market value/flow (millions)
A significant improvement has also resulted in a significant reduction in corporate financial costs of $185 million (or a decrease in the 12-month high/minimum percentage point, with a reduction of $190 million in absolute terms, which effectively offsets the negative impact of Māori reductions.
Copper Mahal Color (000630) " Quarterly Super 3 and Expected Performance Still Stable: The Company signed with antofagasta in July an Antifagasta ' s Anti-Bronze Cauldron Colour Tracking Review for 2020 "
In the first half of the year, the copper supply list was about $65, well below the 2019 long unit price, highlighting the fact that smelting end-products are growing at a much faster rate than copper mines. The current global trade situation is serious, with the bronze mausoleum coloured (000630) " Second quarter processing fee " .
If by-products, such as sulphuric acid, continue to fall down, the smelting enterprise’s profits will continue to support the company’s performance to a good level – the copper mare may be subject to further erosion. But the relative advantage is that the demand is now or has hit the bottom.
The recovery of data on the completion of national property and the pull of policies such as car incentives on copper consumption can still be expected.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report