Proficient, proficient, and promising to pass through the cycle, technology (600183.sh)
• The domestic copper plate tap, which covers the first time that a “buy-in” rating has been granted, and the technology that has benefited it has been growing for more than 30 years, reaching the second largest in the global hard-core copper base area, with a 12% city share in 2019. The company uses an unmanageable human structure that binds core management through adequate talent incentives.
• Proficiency: product structure upgrades enabler companies to move through the cycle. Historically, profit profits fluctuate over time, increasing profitability through high-speed high-frequency copper-plating ratios in the future. Low- and medium-end f-4 copper-plate products in the country are overcapacity, and the volatility of corporate profits in the past depends on their own.
After 2018, companies moved from investment-driven to R & D-driven, with R & D costs approaching six times those of their friends. In the context of the 5g construction, the increase in traffic pushed the upgrading of the base station and the new server standards, thus driving the surge in demand for high-speed coatings.
The high-frequency high-speed business of 2020h1 has grown at a high rate of 10% of revenue, and companies will continue to increase their share of high-frequency high-speed products in the future, boosting profitability, and are expected to move through the cycle.
• Quality management of the genetic incubation industry chain, with significant operational synergies
On the basis of the global pcb tap vendor ' s U.S.-Vi high-end process, the efficiency of operations has also risen, with net interest rates climbing from 3.1 per cent in 2015 to 15.7 per cent of 2020h1; the price of raw materials has risen; the company ' s research and development of new products has not progressed as expected.
1. Specializing in industry: after several industrial events, creating the status of a domestic copper plate, 1.1. The industry is looking ahead, forming the year of a domestic copper plate, which was published on the Shanghai Stock Exchange in 1998.
Global electronic circuit-based core producers, production capacity, based on Guangdong Dongjun, subsidiaries, radioactivity in Xianyang, Suzhou, Hong Kong, Taiwan, Laos, South Tong, and Xijiang, are actively supporting downstream pcb manufacturers. The company’s industrial voice continues to improve and, with its expertise, participates in the development of relevant international standards.
Figure 1: Companies that have been settling for more than 30 years, with industries rich in industry, have assembled a group of industry elders to form a unique judgement on macroeconomic and electronic sector trends. We have collated the company’s syntheses and predictions of the macroeconomic situation, changes in the industry, and the corresponding experiences over the years.
Adjustments in business strategies in key years, 2018 and 2019 effectively preserved market share and ended in 2006: industry affected by non-leading, companies preserved the basic pattern, 2016q3 copper sheeting \triangleright
Adjustments to tax reimbursement policies, appreciation of the RMB, close monitoring of exchange rate changes, appreciation of the RMB by companies 2009: 2009h1 purchased ahead of time, as a result of stock replenishments and user anti-price increases, which were greater than actual needs, companies adjusted their production capacity in a timely manner; the 2019h2 season subsided, companies adjusted their prices in a timely manner and collected the highest level ever.
2013: Significant fluctuations in international commodities throughout the year, impacting on commodity prices of various basic materials; financial cost \triangleright rises. For the first time, companies implemented comprehensive budget management, significantly reduced costs, strictly controlled costs, almost achieved
2018: The macro-environment, both domestic and foreign, is complex and volatile, with trade frictions, exchange rate fluctuations, large commodity price volatility, and reduced market demand. Companies face supply constraints, difficult price negotiations, and shortages of special materials, but balance their prices by fine-tuning them through flexible marketing.
2019: Weak demand in traditional areas such as automobile electronics and consumer electronics, and better performance in communications, 5g and 4g markets; the firm ' s trend towards nationalization of materials has been a strong push for high-speed high-frequency material certification and orders to be put on the ground, resulting in an upturn in the overall product structure.
Figure 2: The company’s forward-looking judgment of industry trends 1.2, uncontrollable human structure, full motivation and high stability of employees, with no real control of human structures. Guangdong Province’s Guangn New Holdings Group Limited and Dong-jung City’s Hong Kong government have limited investment in public investment.
Figure 3: Technology for profit contributes to an uncontrollable human structure by binding core management through adequate talent incentives. We've counted a number of copper-boarders and downstream pcb companies, with a per capita pay level of $149,000 in 2019, leading the industry.
Management has achieved a combined incentive of $4.0669 million, of which the top-level remuneration of companies such as the chairman of the management caucus, the board secretary, and the director of finance are ranked second, first, and first, respectively, in comparable positions. The firm, under an unconvinced stand, binds core management members with sufficient remuneration incentives to provide a solid basis for long-term operations.
The company’s core management members are extremely stable and have grown together. Most of the management core members, such as the president, general manager, chief engineer, chief accountant, have been working in the company since graduation, and have served for more than 20 years, some of them have been active since graduation, building on a rich industry experience, and corporate incentives.
A good feedback on the effectiveness of its work, motivation to move and a greater sense of ownership by its employees, has continued to drive the Division to become a leading global copper-plate supplier. 1.3.
1.3.1 Industry followers grow to lead, profit fluctuations are smaller than their peers Companies grow to lead industry from tailings in the brassboard industry, with the sales volume of rigid coins ranked the second highest in the world. Business revenues from technology for profit increased from RMB 990 million to RMB 13.24 billion in 2000-2019, with a compound growth rate of 14.6 per cent;
In early 2016, some e-business accelerated clean-up, optimized competition patterns, combined with the upgrading of their own products through high-speed, high-frequency material production, and increased company resilience to external risk shocks, except in 2018.
The company’s operating income amounted to $6.88 billion, a 15.2 per cent increase over the same year, the net return to the mother was 830 million yuan, and the company’s client structure was dominated by pcb, with a less volatile rate of Maori for the coating business than its peers. According to Prismark, in 2019, profit technology accounted for 12 per cent of the market share of the world’s rigid copper sheet, second only to the build-up of slabs.
Most of the main clients of Beneficiary Technology are the pcb plants, which in the price-raising cycle are friendly to core clients, maintain good supply relationships, and can pass upstream raw material increases downstream, but the Māori rate fluctuates significantly less than the build-up of layers, and the Māori rate fluctuations of Beneficiary Technology are controlled within 8 pct, while Māori is built.
Rate volatility is within 15 pct. Figure 6: Technology benefits 12% of the global rigid copper sheet in 2019. Figure 7: Māori volatility of the profitable electronic copper coating business is less than built-up
1.3.2 Good free cash flows generate returns for shareholders. After that, the company entered a new phase of expansion, focusing on building a profit-generating sub-pcb operation in addition to expanding its original copper-plating capacity, leading to a downstream extension of the industry.
Immobilization, 2011 with targeted fund-raising for the construction of the fifth and sixth phases of the first plant in Lake Matsuyama, 2014 with a focus on the Tsangxi Production Expansion Project and the E-Teletown Production Project, 2017 with a renewed focus on the E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-
With its good cash flow generating returns for its shareholders, the total amount of cash transfers since it was listed far exceeds the total amount raised. Since it was listed in 1998, three rounds of financing have been used to raise a total of $3.43 billion, bringing the total amount of money on the market to $6.06 billion, significantly exceeding the value of listed financing, with the company’s equity payments reaching 2019.
2.1. Historical benefits: the country's traditional fr-4 production capacity is structurally overstretched, and corporate profits are high above the copper plate material, involving large commodities, and downstream the supply of various electronic terminals through the pcb product.
Raw materials involve copper, resin, glass cloth, etc., and are affected by commodity prices. Price volatility of raw materials disturbs production costs in the copper industry. In terms of raw material costs, the price of electronic copper, fibre fabrics, resins account for 79 per cent of the cost of coatings, involving large commodity prices; they are supplied downstream through pcb products to computers, computers, computers, computers, computers, etc.
Consumers of end-products such as electronics, automobiles, industrial products, fragmentation of demand, the impact of macroeconomics on consumer capacity, and cycles of innovation in electronic technology. The market patterns of copper-plating manufacturers are more concentrated than those of pcb, with some bargaining power, and can shift the cost of raw materials to downstream pcb manufacturers.
Figure 12: Upstream copper plate involves bulk material, downstream demand spreads downstream application pcb
Electronic bronze, bobble sheet, coating.
• Computer pc — server/data storage — technology — technology — e-technology — rapid technology
In 2019, the global market for copper sheeting reached $12.4 billion, of which the conventional fr-4 (cobble-based epoxy tree) was sold.
In 2019, the country produced 911 million m2 of copper and produced only 714 million m2 of copper, with an overall capacity utilization rate of 78 per cent of the country ' s copper sheet, of which the base-based products of fibre-optic frefr-4 and cem-3 accounted for 62.4 per cent of the capacity.
In the context of f-4 excess capacity, the volatility of the company’s profits depends on the three-fold ratio of its own corrosion plate to glue, higher prices for upstream materials, downstream demand, etc.
The ability to increase the price of copper and bobby fibres in raw materials: 1) The company uses a combination of coatings and glues to raise the gross interest rate by increasing the proportion of the package. 2004-2019: 77% of the package can be used as a reference value.
When the delivery rate of glues is significantly higher than the historical average, the average price of products moved down and the Māori rate rose, typically as in 2009, when the matching rate was 83 per cent, the average price of the coatings fell by 16 per cent and the same rate increased by 5 pct; in 2014, the ratio was 84 per cent, and the average price of the patches fell by 5 per cent, compared with the Māori rate.
2) When raw materials rise, companies can effectively transfer the cost of raw materials downstream while improving their profitability. In 2006, for example, the rise in copper prices was passed on to the price of bronze, and companies shifted the cost of the rise in the cost of raw materials, and annual market demand surged, while pcb manufacturers moved into the state of replenished stocks to further magnify actual demand and add up to the original material.
Price increases, company price increases, average product prices increased by 16 per cent on a year-on-year basis, but the standard copper gap between the ccl and pcb industries reached more than 20 per cent due to a shift in the combustile mix from the build-up of the mills to lithium electrolysis, a trend that continued in 2016 in 2017, a structural shortage of fibre fabrics, tetrabromobisphenola and epoxy resins for environmental reasons
The production-restrictive factors lead to supply shortages, price increases, companies shift the pressure to increase the cost of raw materials to downstream pcb plants, and the overall average price of coatings and glue sheets rises by 15.0 per cent, and the Māori rate remains largely stable. 2.2. Product upgrading paths: from investment-driven to R&D-driven, dynamic growth of the melody
2.2.1 The company lags behind Japan, Taiwan, and the United States of America in the area of high-speed overclips, HF overclips will become the main route for upgrading the company's products, and Japan's top pole is the market for high-speed overclips.
The size of the copper market is only 7 billion yuan, and the demand for high-speed coatings for base stations and services has increased further as the construction of 5g downstream applications has led to an increase in data flows, and we expect the market size of the high-speed capping board to break out by 20 billion yuan in 2023. There are two reference indicators for high-speed materials: (1) low-media constants and low-media wear and tear.
Number (dk): The transmission rate of the signal is inversely proportional to the square root of the medium constant, and the higher the dk, the easier it is to cause delay in transmission; 2) low medium loss (df): the primary influence on the transmission quality of the signal, the downstream application is demanding higher transmission data, and the df target is more demanding. Japan has a clear advantage in the field of high-speed copper overlaying.
The parameters of its megtron series have become the inner pole of the industry.Figure 17: It is expected that the market for high-speed coatings will continue to expand. High-end segmentation of the market is in the hands of Japanese companies, with less than 5 per cent of the global market for technology.
I-teramt was on the market in 2012-2013, and Taiyo Tu883 was on the market late in 2011-2013.
Under 10 ghz, the medium constant is less than 3.3 (10 ghz). According to ccla, the market share in the global copper sheet market has reached 25-30%, while the second-tier market account for only 5-10% of the producers in the cities of Shigeki, Taiyo and US-owned companies is 5-10%, while the third-tier producers, such as profit producers, account for less than 5% of the global market and share in the head.
The difference is mainly in the development of product formulations, the import cycles of downstream customers. 2.2.2, from investment-driven to R & D-driven, companies struggle to catch up with overseas producers.
After 2018, the company turned to a two-wheel drive for investment + R & D, and the logic of increased supply and higher product structure was developing. The value of the company’s input output was higher after the product added value, with the company starting a new round of expansion in 2018-2019, with the original capacity including the Guangdong headquarters, dominated by an integrated product line, and Xianxi benefited from the lower and middle end of the consumer category.
Mainly, Suzhou is dominated by servers and notebooks, and new production capacity will be adjusted to match the R & D orientation, with Jiangxi targeting cars, servers, car 5g network applications, and the new East City plant area facing high-level hdi. Companies will not be able to expand their production capacity, and R & D inputs will compete directly with overseas manufacturers.
At the horizontal level, the cost of R & D for productive technology rose by 3.9 per cent to 4.6 per cent, exceeding significantly the cost of S & D by 0.81/104 million yuan in 2019, and the cost of R & D by companies was nearly six times that of their friends.
High-speed low-depletion pcb (56gbps+) key technologies, 0.2 mm drill/0.4 mm back-drill technologies urban roads
In the high-speed high-speed copper sheeting area, the competition gap between companies and their counterparts is narrowing, and companies lag behind competition in the market share of high-speed copper-covering tier m2 products because of the historical supplier system. The products of mainstream downstream customers use the relevant material numbers, and the later-overcopper manufacturers need double certification.
Including: 1) direct coating product certification, 2) performance certification after pcb. The complex and long-term nature of the certification process has resulted in pcb manufacturers becoming accustomed to traditional copper-plating suppliers and later copper-plating manufacturers having difficulty in raising the market share of their original product series.
In order to avoid product quality problems, the company ' s market share in the m2 high-speed copper sheet is lower than in the m4 market where the product is more demanding.
Figure 23: Technology for profit speeds up catching up with competitors and bending over (map) companies can compare with competitors on high-end product lines of M4 and above and gradually narrow the gap. Companies have released their megtron series of products from the labels at m4-m7.
Looking ahead, on the one hand, leading producers, given their limited capacity, have moved themselves to high-end markets, leaving markets below m4, and companies' s7045/s7040g series can effectively fill market gaps; on the other hand, companies have stocked a series of products such as synmaic6n/8gn, which can be devalued at m6/m7.
In the context of the pcb migration trend, the share of the market will be accelerated. The company’s laboratory project will accelerate progress on the synamic 9 series of standard m8, which is expected to replace competitors through market position and price advantage, 2.3. Catalyst: 5g flow growth pushes up the structure of the ccl product and the company’s speedier position.
Global data traffic is growing rapidly, and the construction of the 5g network from the base station end to the data centre is expected to accelerate. According to Cisco, the global composite flow growth rate reached 25% between 2016 and 2021, from 6.8 zb to 20.6 zb, in which the super network will carry more data traffic, in addition to the wireless side, routers, switches, idc and other equipment.
As the hardware side is built, the 5g-induced cloud games, ar/vr, etc. applications will lead users to consume more data traffic and demand more transmission rates than the next step. Server platforms will benefit from the increase in data centres and upgrade, forcing high-speed copper overboards from low-depletion levels to over-exploitation levels.
Cloud storage, open systems, margin computing, in-depth learning, artificial intelligence, unmanned, etc. are driving down-stream the storage capacity of the data centre, which, according to the third-party advisory body idc, requires more than 50% of annual storage requirements. Data centre construction support requirements for pull servers and switchboards, Int.
Intelx86 represents 85.2 per cent of the server, switching from the current purley platform to the whitley platform, doubling the transmission rate from 28 gbps to 56 gbps, upgrading the overall line standard from pcie 3.0 to pcie 4.0 and using high-speed material levels to and above m4
Up. The future upgrade from the whitley platform to the eagle platform, the transmission rate from 56gbps to 112gbps, the platform interface from the pcie 3.0 standard to pcie 4.0, the corresponding corrosion requirement from 3.7 to 3.9 to 3.3.6, the use of the loose product plate number from m4 to m6, and the high-speed material unit price increase scale at each level
In addition, the data centre switch will be upgraded from 100g to 400g, and will move to 800g in the future, and the demand for copper will be from m6 (verylowlos), m7 (ultralow).
The ratio of high-speed, low-depletion pcb market is expected to accelerate. On the one hand, the public sector is involved in the development of high-performance, roadless materials for servers, and the development of low-end power constants and medium losses is expected to accelerate.
High humid thermal performance, high glass conversion temperature, high-resilient high-frequency resin combinations that meet the requirements of high-frequency high-speed and high-density interconnected printed circuit boards, such as servers, to develop new products to match the design of the next generation x86 server eagle platform; on the other hand, solar manufacturers, based on plans for their own business expansion, gradually abandon m4 and m4 and
Markets at the following levels, focusing on the development of new products at or above M7 provide an opportunity for companies to expand their share. Before this, companies at or above the M4 level receive less than 10% of their product base, and high-level products are expected to boost the company at an accelerated rate of 3 confidence: quality management of the genetic incubation chain, with significant operational synergies.
The company manages the genetic incubation industry chain with an upstream silicon micropowder company (688300.sh), the downstream support of a subsidiary focused on pcb, which is a consortium for technology in the United Kingdom.
It is the East Sea Silicon Micropowder Company Ltd., with a share of 31.0 per cent in pre-market science and technology and a share of 23.3 per cent in science and technology and a share of new material in the United Kingdom, mainly in the development, manufacture and marketing of silicon micropowder, products including crystallized micropowder, melt silicone powder,
As a result of the gradual expansion of its operations, it will become highly permeable in the area of material applications in the future, based on the company’s growth considerations as an electronic material platform, and in November 2019, the company’s products were removed from the market at the beginning of the project.
The revenue from the business of the United Nations in Switzerland reached 170 million yuan, a 17.5 per cent increase in the same year, the net profit from the return to the mother amounted to 43 million yuan, a 21.5 per cent increase in the same year.
Figure 28: Net profits from the United Nations and the same rate of increase for the United States of America. 3.2. Subsidiary electronics for profit technology control, in conjunction with the general market for calculators. Subsidiary electronics for profit technology control.
It was the first major shareholder in the production of electronics, with 78.7 per cent shareholding, and in 2019 it was dominated by a number of products, with 48 per cent of the income from communications equipment used in wireless base stations and a proportional share of the income from network equipment panels used for backbone network transmission, routers, high-end switches, Ether switches and access networks.
By 28%, the share of business income from server panels is 14%. A wide range of products reflect the company’s excellent process performance, usually using high-speed materials, and need to meet the product’s multiplicity of useful electronics, such as density, size accuracy, accuracy, etc. Major customers include Chinese, Chinese communications, three-star electronics, ibm, wave information, fire communications, etc.
Nokia and others. Before June 2013, Live Electronics, under the flag of ttm, belonged to the same controlling shareholder, Weihua, Hong Kong, the top five North American pcb manufacturers.
Using the technical advantages of high-frequency materials, mastering high-frequency blending techniques, controlling graphic accuracy, producing a large number of 77ghz mm wave radar panels, card 5g car networking applications. 5g applications in areas ranging from wireless base stations to transmission side and servers provide a good resonance with profit electronics operations.
After 2013, income-generating electronics were held by profit technology, which supported income-generating e-finance, production, etc., and, as a result of the restructuring of production and product structures, the efficiency of operations increased, with net interest rates climbing from 3.1 per cent in 2015 to 15.7 per cent of 2020h1.7 per cent in 2019 as the primary station's pcb first-tier supplier, benefiting from the construction of the base station.
In 2019, revenue earned on electronics increased by RMB 3.75 billion, or 62.7 per cent in the same year, and net profit on mothers increased by RMB 440 million, or 103.7 per cent in the same year, and income on electronics for 2020h1 was RMB 1.91 billion, or 48.6 per cent in the same year, and net profit on mothers increased by RMB 300 million, or 54.9 per cent in the same year.
By June 2013, they were the top five companies in the world, the largest pcb factory in North America, and the most advanced research and development experience in the field of technology.
In addition, the Department has fully applied the technical advantages of high-frequency material, mastering high-frequency mix-pressure techniques, controlling graphic accuracy, producing multiple 77ghz mm wave radar panels, and networking applications for car 5g.
In the area of communications, the main customers of the electronics include Hwa, Central Hing, Samsung Electronics, ibm, Wave Information, Fire Communications, Nol, the company's main business is copper-plating, printed circuit boards (pcb), mainly Xihua Electric Technology, Suzhou.
The main focus of the future expansion of the copper-plating business is on Jiangxi and the withdrawal of the old plant's capacity. The company's coating operations cover a number of large products, common fr-4, high-speed high-frequency coatings (including m2\m4\m6 high-speed coatings).
Copperboards, ptfe or hydrocarbon high-frequency copper plates. The core assumptions are as follows: 2) Assuming 95/96/96/96/96/0 for 2020-2022 respectively, printed circuit board production, Inc. is a domestic copper-plating convenor, which is a cash cow-type business.
In the case of excess supply, the profit volatility of the overcooked products is influenced by the prices of raw materials such as copper, fibre, resin, etc. In the case of downstream consumer electronics, cars, and the overall view of the product, the manufacturer has the ability to move downstream, and the Māori rate itself can be boosted. In the case of high-end lines, such as high-speed, high-frequency copper, the technology is internal.
The leading supplier, to speed up the pace of R & D and to replace it by improving its product structure and smoothing the product cycle of fr-4 at the rapid start of a wide range of downstream products. We expect the company and the companies associated with the copper-boarding industry chain to be in deep south circuits (002916.sz), the stock of the power plant (002463.sz), and the new material of Hua Jing.
(603186.sh) As a comparable company, companies value less than a comparable company ' s average p1 for 2020-2022) downstream base station construction has slowed; 2) idc has been built at a slower pace than expected and server demand for high-speed coatings has decreased, resulting in high-speed coatings
(c) The weakness of downstream demand has prevented companies from passing down downstream copper and fibre-optic price increases for their raw materials, the company ' s Māori ratio,4 and the company ' s research and development of new products have not progressed as expected, and competition for their original products has intensified.