\triangleright \tangleright \
Event: The company published its annual report 2023 and its quarterly report 2024, and achieved a net return profit of $4.4 billion for the whole year 2023, compared to Liu Xiaoningight
The annual electricity generation was 4.84 per cent lower than the previous year, but the company recognized an investment gain of $4.15 billion in 2023, as a result of the combined effect of an increase of 11.1 per cent in the annual average annual price of electricity on the Internet compared to the higher demand for electricity in Sichuan province, the higher prices of electricity for the evacuation of Jiangsu and the higher projected prices of the two rivers.
Liu Xiaoning is expected to have an overall level of performance on the river, with an increase in shareholdings leading to an increase in investment returns.
In 2023, the electricity supply in Sichuan fell by 2.35% on a year-on-year basis, and, in the context of water dehydration, electricity and electricity prices are expected to increase slightly. As the supply and demand of electricity in Sichuan continues to tighten, the prices of the Yagi River and the River are expected to rise further in recent years.
Regional electricity supply and demand has continued to tighten, essentially as a resource constraint. In the south-west, the power structure is highly dependent on hydropower, with a series of world-class hydropowers, such as waterfall trenches and the Concubine Power Group, concentrated in excess power in the pre-13th century, adding up to the 2015 power year’s final wave of hydropower production peaks, with very limited future capacity for new hydropower, and a tightening of supply and demand leading to a recovery in electricity prices.
The first quarter of 2024 has not yet been published, but combined with high-frequency rainfall data, pressure is expected to continue to grow in Yunnan, Sichuan, and the company’s performance is rising, or still comes from rising electricity prices. A good supply and demand pattern leads to a catalyst for share prices, but we analyse the lower-level factors that drive the current increase in the shares of hydroelectric companies from the point of score.
\triangleright parent, the market re-prising the absolute low-collaborative properties of hydropower assets. The core expectation for hydropower is the resilience of the business model, i.e. the low-coordinate properties associated with macroeconomic weakness. First, the power of the company’s operating income is very special, and it drops.
Rain is absolutely decoupled from macroeconomics; secondly, hydropower is a small low-cost supply of end-symmetric commodities, determining low-price risks; combined with a simple business model, high-quality financial statements, combined movement to improve the efficiency of water use, and hydropower assets are characterized as “a low-concording margin in all its aspects”. Under portfolio theory, low-concording assets deserve to be enjoyed.
High valuations are expected to continue to be revalued in the current context, with companies and entire hydropower plates having a long-term configuration value. \triangleright points accurately reflect my personal perceptions of the label securities and issuers.
Such a report shall be produced in an objective manner and without any part of my remuneration having been, or being directly or indirectly linked to, the specific investment opinions or opinions expressed in this report.