\triangleright quarterly report, which achieved operating income of $258 million, an increase of 2.92 per cent over the reporting period; net return on parentage of 12.73 per cent
Millions of yuan, an increase of 12.06 per cent in the same year, and 1,268 million yuan in the net profit from non-repatriation, an increase of 11.88 per cent in the same year. Investment returns are expected to increase their contribution to performance: benefiting from the incremental contribution of the Yang power station and higher electricity prices, Yagi River’s performance continued to rise, with the company increasing its investment returns by 602 million yuan in the same year in 2023.
Four hundred and fifty-four million yuan, resulting in an increase in the net return on the company ' s investment year-on-year from $898 million to $4,813 million; in addition, the company ' s return on investment in the country ' s capacity to cross the river, China ' s nuclear transfer capacity from $150 million to $305 million, and 171 million, respectively. The river is limited in profitability by factors such as the limited construction of the excursion corridor and the expansion of water and electricity in Sichuan.
It is hoped that the development of electricity grids will soon be resolved, and that the profitability of the river company will be improved; and that the Chinese nuclear transfer will serve as a new energy development platform under China's nuclear power flag, 2023.
At the end of the first quarter of the year, the research assistant Zhao Guali reached 21.34gw for new energy loadings, and the company is expected to fully share the results of the high-speed development of the CEN; both are expected to increase their contribution to the company’s return on investment.
Photovoltaic price reduction affects the single-quarter growth rate: 1q24, company completes 784 million kilowatts of electricity generation, \triangleright 1.kawa energy delivery (600674.sh) fast report for 2023
A review: Performance is largely in line with expectations, when the transition to savings opens up growth with an increase of 12.7 per cent over the same period; however, during the same period, photovoltaic production of 31 million kWh fell by 24.4 per cent over the same period, and electricity prices on the Internet fell by 10.9 per cent to 0.57 kWh/dw (excluding taxes).
The rate of growth in corporate revenue was 7.66 percentage points lower than the rate of increase in electricity generation.
The financial cost savings firm ' s net profit gains were higher than the return on investment by 5.9 percentage points. Quarterly evaluation in 023: Surprising performance, growth and prices Investment proposals: Improved water and water from corporate holdings, and continued improvement in the contribution of investment returns to performance.
\triangleright Value Properties and Ready 2023/04/21 5. \kawa energy delivery (600674.sh) fast report for 2022
Review: As expected, adjustment of policies such as Yagi River, River River \triangleright price fluctuations: 4) Fiscal.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.