Inner capital pcb, 5g commercial and encapsulating base plates are highly recommended (first cover) for national production in due course (Research Assistant)
Industry leads, has a technological and customer advantage, and the supply chain management capacity is synergized
At the same time, companies focus on high-quality large clients, build a unique “3-in-one” business layout, provide one-stop integrated solutions, have a strong customer sticker, and have a stable profit profile.
On top, the net business cycle of the company as a whole has been declining, with the lowest number of days in which the public accounts receivable flow compared to the 23 companies associated with the pcb industrial chain. The company’s supply chain management capacity has increased accordingly.
In addition, environmental policies, downstream demand, and financial power three factors have increased the concentration of the pcb sector, with the country’s leading pcb producers expected to take the lead in industrial transfers and industry - 50% - in the industry.
At the same time, the construction of the 5g base station has enabled pcb products to rise at full prices, with aau high frequency pcb market space alone amounting to $20,778 million. The company currently receives 60% of the pcb business in the area of communications, adding up the company’s technological and customer advantages, and the company is expected to take the lead in building the 5g base site.
• When it is right to replace the national production of the sealed sheet, the collection project will be able to grow after the release of 600,000 square metres of annual production capacity, the seal is a key package for the chain of industry. The sealing industry is currently moving to the country, where we measure the incremental amount of the board from top to bottom is 23.747 billion yuan.
It's 65%, and it's occupied by foreign manufacturers like Japan, and it's a national alternative. The company's sealboard business breaks the foreign monopoly and takes advantage of the segmented areas of mems. The company's ipo project, a tinless factory, is expected to add 600,000 m2 of production capacity to the post-partum period, helping the company to break through the production bottlenecks and open it up.
The performance elasticity of leading firms, the construction of the 5g base station and the nationalization of the enclosed base plate, which we overwrite, gives companies a “strongly recommended” rating.
Deep south circuits (002916), historical status: industry leads, growth is growing steadily
In terms of development, the company's development has been divided into four stages, the first phase of which was 1984-1992. The company started with a game board, the phase of which was a business exploration phase. The second phase was 1993-2007. The company moved to a double-faced, multi-layered market in the communications industry in 1993-1994.
In 2009, the company became a major major host to the country’s 02-year-old semiconductor envelope. The fourth phase, from 2017 to the present, was launched in December 2017.
The industry is in the lead, with 22% of historical receipts and 14% of net profit returns. The company is now a top priority for the national torch program.
In 2017, the company collected $5.687 billion, based on a sevenfold increase in corporate revenue, a 22% increase in compound returns, a nearly fourfold increase in net profit returns to mothers, and a 14% increase in compound growth rates in the future.
On 30 September, the company’s first shareholder, China Air International Holdings Ltd., held 69.74% of the company’s shares, and its backbone employees held 5.26% of the company’s shares in investment, investment and Euro-Possi investment combined. The remaining 25% were public shareholders.
The shares were launched by China ' s company Shenzhen, which imported and exported aviation technology, and were listed at the Hong Kong joint venture on 29 September 1997. As a multi-stakeholder investment holding company, China Air International ' s holdings are mainly engaged in the manufacture and sale of liquid crystal monitors, printed circuit boards, watches, real estate development, international engineering, trade and logistics services, and mineral resource development operations in China through affiliated companies.
3-in-0ne, one-stop-shop solution. The company is currently developing a unique 3-in-0-ne business layout, with connectivity at its core, to develop its “technically identical” envelope and “customer-like” electronic binding operations, while at the same time strengthening its leading role in printing circuit boards.
Integrated manufacturing capacity, through the implementation of value chain-wide services such as programme design, manufacturing, electronic assembly, microassembly and testing, provides professional and efficient one-stop integrated solutions for households. 1.3 Business break-ups: pcb is dominated, and the size and profitability of the envelopes have steadily increased.
The company’s main business is the printing of circuit boards. The company’s main business is the printing of circuit boards, envelopes, panels, and electronics. The collection of electronics and envelopes increased significantly by 2015 from the point of view of the split, with revenue rising to 13.77 per cent and 12.02 per cent, with an increase of 6.4 pct and 6.5 pct, respectively. For 2015-2017, the company’s three main operations accounted for a relatively stable share of revenue.
It is determined that the ratio of income from printing circuit boards to operations is about 68-72 per cent, that of IEC operations is about 10-14 per cent, that the ratio of income from sealing boards to operations is steadily increasing, that the ratio of gross margins from printing circuit boards and boards is largely due to the optimization of product structures and the efficiency of plant operations, and that the bulk of the volume gains are influenced by the significant increase in capacity utilization and sales.
Operations pcb: Increased concentration in the industry transfer industry, 5g construction of 2.1 pcb: clear structure, lower concentration in the industry chain from top to bottom, lower concentration in the copper slab, lower concentration in the industry chain from top to bottom. First, we comb the pcb chain.
Upstreams of the chain include bronze, bronze balls, copper plates, semi-solidated tablets, gold salt, and ink, with a total material cost of close to 60%. In upstream materials, the plate is primarily responsible for pcb board conductor, insulation, support of three main functions whose performance directly determines the performance of pcb, which is the key base material for the production of pcb, with a share of direct material ranging from 20% to 40%.
A high frequency of copper sheets. The copper plates are made of copper beryllium, epoxy resins and fibre fabrics, with copper beams accounting for more than 30% of the cost of the coatings (plastic plate) and 50% of the cost (plate). Thus, the entire industrial chain chain can be simplified to be applied to copper beryllium caps, pcb. The upstream copper beads and coatings sector has a higher concentration of more than 70% of the market and higher pricing rights.
Downstream applications are more extensive. The concentration of the industrial chain has decreased from top to bottom. 2.2 pcb upstream of the industrial chain: copper breech prices are key to cost analysis. Cost structure analysis is key to copper breech prices, and it is expected that the pressure on the supply of additional capacity will fade away.
Cost structure analysis is based on changes in the price trends of copper. The lower top-down concentration of the industrial chain leads to fluctuations in the price of raw materials from the top down, and the route is the pcb. If the price of copper is higher, the corrosion firm can pass on the cost pressure to the pcb manufacturer.
On the other hand, a pcb manufacturer may enter into a long-term contract with a cappulator to reduce the impact of price volatility of raw materials in the face of a higher bargaining power. As can be seen from the above analysis, the key to cost structure analysis is the change in the price trends for copper, whereas the price of electrolytic copper is composed of the original copper price and the processing fee, so that the change in the price of copper closely reflects the change in the price of copper.
In 2016, as a result of a shortage in the supply of this wheel of copper, the copper miller switched to the production of lithium, copper, with a large foreign gap. New energy vehicles developed rapidly, and large quantities of lithium, copper, on the negative materials of new energy car batteries, were needed as a pool of negative arctic materials.
For example, Taiwan’s Changchun, Korea’s Japanese and ISm companies, Japan’s Sansai, etc.) have been rapidly reproducing lithium thugs, creating a much larger standard of supply gap than the domestic supply gap. Industry associations estimate that overseas production of lithium thugs in 2016 was about 4,000 to 4,500 tons of energy per month, with a significant impact on the balance of supply and demand in the industrial chain.
The situation is closely related to the situation with regard to the operation of copper benzene from electronic circuits and lithium batteries. This is the corresponding market for two completely different features, but the supply of copper benzene is influenced by downstream demand due to the ability of some enterprises to convert from one another. In the second quarter of 2017, a relatively large price drop in copper benzene from electronic circuits, due to market demand, stock release, etc., led some manufacturers to convert a portion of the original copper benzene production from electronic circuits to the production of copper from lithium batteries.5
In July, as a result of the end of the release of stocks and the rise in the price of raw materials, the market for electronic copper has improved, and with the increase in prices, some of the producers of lithium batteries have returned to production of electronic copper.
Based on the larger scale of lithium-eating copper beryllium in new energy vehicles, the pressure on new production capacity to release the supply is decreasing. Using the number of new energy vehicles to secure the demand for lithium, copper-eating beryllium, it is assumed that 1gwh requires 900 tons of bronze and conservative estimates based on a market share of 52% of power cells in 2016, with 12.12, 18.17 and 25.27 tonnes of lithium-ecolumn demand in 2018, 2019 and 2020, respectively (without consideration being given to lithium-emitting batteries).
The construction cycle is long, there are technical barriers, the build-up of new capacity is over 18 months, and the capacity of new or expanded copper mills in the country from 2016 is expected to be released from the second half of 2018 to the first half of 2019. According to a study by ccfa, 142,000 tons of new copper silicon capacity is expected in 2018, mainly concentrated on lithium battery copper, although actual production capacity will not be affected by such factors as the pace of production and good product rates.
2.2.2 Sensitivity test: the cost of a coating plate is reduced by 2.63%, the cost of pcb is increased by 0.45%, the cost of a plate is reduced by about 2.63%, and the cost of a pcb operation is increased by 0.45%.
The share of materials is stable between 55% and 60%, while the cost of the coating sheet is between 33% and 38%. With the arrival of 5g, the use of high-frequency high-speed materials will increase and the unit price of the counterpart company pcb products will increase. Since the price changes for raw materials procurement directly affect the Māori rate of the company, based on the company's shareholding data, and assuming that the rest of the situation remains the same, we analyse the cost of the coating plate at approximately 2.63% per unit cost and the direct material gold at unit consumption.
The volume was reduced by 1 per cent, and the pcb Māori ratio increased by about 0.45 per cent accordingly. 2.3 pcb in the middle of the industry chain: the value added of pcb gradually increased and the concentration of the productive transfer industry increased by 2.3.1 pcb type: downstream driving of the upper panel and the demand of hdi increased
Pcb products are classified in a wide variety of categories, depending on the base material, the number of guidance graphic layers, the fields of application and the end product. Currently, multilayers, flexible panels and hd1 (high-density interconnectivity circuit boards) dominate the market, accounting for more than 70% of the total. pcb is moving towards higher density, high integration, sealing, fine-tuning and multilayering, increasing value added.
These two major trends drive upstream pcb towards high density, high integration, encapsulation, fine-tuning and multilayered demand for high-end panels and hdi. High-speed high-frequency, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-capacity, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-capacity, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-capacity, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-capacity, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-capacity, high-scale, high-scale, high-integration, especially large-scale integration.
In-depth applications of the circuits will further drive pcb towards high accuracy and height. The current pcb below 8 floors is used mainly for electronic products such as household appliances, pc, desktop machines, while high-performance multi-circuit servers, high-end applications such as aerospace, require pcb layers above 10.
Connectivity is achieved. Compared to normal multilayers with only perforated perforates, hdi precisely sets blind holes and holes to reduce the number of perforated holes, saves pcb clothable line sizes, substantially increases the density of the widgets and corresponds to the trend of increasing block integration.
Global markets are growing at a moderate scale, with output shifting to domestic capacity. By 2017, the global pc and smart-hand growth rate, combined with stock adjustment, had slowed, and the pcb industry had experienced a brief adjustment, returning to a total of US$ 55,277 million in 2017. According to Prismark, the global pcb market is projected to grow mildly, with a composite growth rate of 3.2 per cent over the next five years.
The ratio of national and regional output was 31.11 per cent in 2008, followed by a steady rise in mainland China to 50.82 per cent, with a more fragmented industry and dominated by capital firms. Some 2,800 pcb manufacturers worldwide received the world’s first-largest Pcb producer in 2017, with only 6 per cent of the city’s share, while the market share of the top 20 firms in the pcb industry stabilized at 45-50 per cent in 2011-2017.
According to iek data, the company’s share in 2016 was 30%, ranking first. Similarly, Taiwan continued to account for 33.35% of the world’s Pcb’s output by region.
Figure 22.2017 Distribution of the number of companies in the world's top 100 pcb, Figure 21.2017
There are currently over 1,500 pcb enterprises in mainland China, mainly in regions with high concentration in electronics such as the Pearl Triangle, the Long Triangle and the Ring Sea, high demand for basic components, and good transport and water and electricity conditions. The Chinese continent’s pcb firms start late, generally have smaller production and have a lower overall market share.
China has 47, but not the top 10. China’s share of business output is similar to that of Japan, but the number of firms is more than double that of Japan, indicating that domestic firms are smaller.
Figure 25. The trend towards “largeness, concentration” of the country’s leading pcb producers has become more evident over the years in terms of the number and value of the country’s top 100 firms. The trend towards “largeness, concentration” of the country’s leading pcb producers is evident in the following ways:
Pcb contains a variety of heavy metal pollutants, high-pollution industries, environmental insurance, and emission reduction. Under the Environmental Tax Act, taxes on atmospheric pollutants range from $1.2 to $12 per pollution equivalent, and taxes on water pollution from $1.4 to $14 per pollution equivalent.
Presmark, around 2017, the domestic pcb industry shut down nearly 200 small businesses that are environmentally unfriendly. From the details of environmental spending on company management, the company’s environmental spending has been at a high level of medium- and medium-sized pcb manufacturers may be driven by higher operating costs or downstream end demand trends, which will require that the upstream pcb move in the direction of high density, high integration, sealing, nuancement and multilayering.
Pcb manufacturers have a leading product design and R & D power, and the gap between pcb and pcb small and medium-sized firms will increase. According to Prismark, the world’s top five pcb producers increased their market share by 12.29% in 2017.
In 2016 and 2017, China’s pcb industry ipo year, with 11 or so companies listed, and domestic pcb leading firms raised funds to boost their capacity through ipo. Industrial research shows that the current growth in production capacity is mainly in mainland China, with sub-Taiwan and South Korean manufacturers investing in it, and new investments in Japanese manufacturers are declining.
Figure 27. Deep South circuit environmental expenditure and year-on-year growth rate
Focusing on communications, positioning high-school end applications, the advantage of the 5g era is evident. As you can see above, companies are deep-farming in the markets of 2g, 3g, and 4g, becoming core suppliers of international leading suppliers of telecommunications equipment, such as China, Naking, Nokia. At the same time, collating company products, positioning company pop products in high-school end-use markets, with many technology indicators at internationally advanced levels, with high accuracy, density and reliability characteristics, and types covered.
Backboards, high-speed multilayers, multifunctional metal base panels, thick copper plates, high-frequency microwave panels, scratching boards, etc., are rich in product types. The company's statement in the form of shares states: “To complement the development of wireless communications clients, the company is actively developing pcb products for the next generation of 5g wireless telecommunications base stations.” The world is now entering the age of development of the 5g mobile network, and the company is expected to take the lead in benefiting from its product and customer advantage.
2.4 pcb downstream of the industrial chain: 5 g benefits from communications equipment, highest e-market share of 2.4.1 telecommunications, highest e-market rate of increase in automobiles, with different compositions of pcb requirements for subsectors. pcb products are mainly used in telecommunications electronics 1, engineering medicine, aerospace, motor electronics and accounting.
Arithmetic 2 and so on. Depending on industry ' s pcb requirements, communications equipment is used mainly on 8-16 floors of high layers of multilayers; mobile terminals are concentrated mainly on hdi, scratchboards and envelope panels: Engineering medicine is dominated mainly by 16 floors and below: the aerospace industry is dominated by high layers of plate size. The share of scratchboards is also relatively high: automobiles are used mainly on low-stretch panels, hdi and scratchboards: PCs are mainly used on scratchboards and envelopes:
Services and storage are dominated by 6-16 floors and envelopes. Currently, the company ' s pcb products are supplied mainly in the areas of communications equipment, engineering, medical care, aerospace and other applications, where good cooperation with high-quality customers exists.
70%. The electronics market for communications in 2017 accounted for 30.32%, ranking first. Higher than the overall pcb output growth rate over the next five years is concentrated in the areas of automobiles, telecommunications, electronics, and medical care. Automobile compound growth is 6.43%, much higher than in the other downstream areas, benefiting from the increase in the prices associated with the high electroelectricization of cars, which we will elaborate on below. The electronics increase is 3.66%, ranking second because of smart cell phones.
In order to enter the stock market, we are more concerned about the increase in communications equipment generated by the construction of the 5g base station. At the same time, emerging products such as high-end medical equipment are actively exploring the field for a large number of pcb manufacturers, and it is expected that the health sector will continue to grow by 3.4% over the next five years.
According to company announcements, the company’s core clients are mainly Chinese, Naking, Nokia, the company’s top customer, with 2017h1 earning 24.55%. According to ihs, China’s share of global telecommunications equipment grew to 28% in 2017, and above all, Ericsson became the number one. The company’s deep-seated client strategy, such as China, is expected to yield revenue in the construction of 5g. The company is growing faster in automobile power.
In the future, smart drivers will drive the growth of high-frequency pcb and scratching boards, with a high-power pcb becoming the main demand for new energy vehicles, and vehicle pcb will grow steadily year by year. Companies have access to key technologies involved in car pcb, which are also recognized by their customers, and have the corresponding customer reserves.
Figure 34.2017 Market share of manufacturers of telecommunications equipment Figure 35.2017h1 Top five clients (%)
2.55g: pcb values increase, aau high frequency pcb market space up to $20.778 billion 2.5.15g outlines: 5g technology needs are higher and four key technologies are re-engineering network structures 5g technology needs are higher.
Union communications. Although the current 5g-related technology is not yet fully stymied, the basic features of 5g are clearly defined: 1) peak rate, which is 20-50 times higher than 4g, i.e. 20-50gbps. 2) user experience rate, 5g ensures that the user has 1 gbps anywhere. 3) time delay, 5g delay to 1/10 times 4g delay, i.e. to 5ms on end-to-end and to 1 ms on empty mouth. 4) simultaneously charge.
With connections, 5g would need to be more than 10 times higher than 4g to support 12 billion connectivity capabilities, including m2m/iot. 5) Bit cost efficiency, with 5g being more than 50 times higher than 4g, resulting in significantly lower costs per bit, leading to a decline in network capex and opex.
According to the White Paper on the 5g Concept, the 5g core technology is no longer characterized by a single multi-site technology, but is defined together by a set of key technologies, namely, large-scale antenna arrays, ultra-intensity cluster networks, full spectrum access and new multiple sites.
Figure 38.5 g Core technology Super-intensity cluster network for key technologies: co-ordinated macro-microstations The future 5g network structure is multi-storey, supports full-frequency end access, low-frequency provides wide-area coverage, high-frequency provides high-speed wireless numbers
Based on access capabilities. This will therefore use a network architecture of macro-micros, with low-frequency resolution base coverage for macrostations, high-frequency hotspot coverage for small stations, and high-speed transmission. In the 5ghetnet architecture, ultra-intensity base stations become the core technology.
The mimo principle is to use multiple antennas at the launch end to send the signal independently, while receiving messages at the receiving end using multiple antennas. Massivemimo achieves a large amount of simultaneous antenna data by installing several hundred or thousands of antennas on the side of the base station, using space reuse technology and serving more users at the same time, thus increasing the frequency spectrum efficiency of the wireless communication system. Massivemimo has the following:
Three main features: 1) each base station has a super-large antenna array; 2) a large number of users at the same time; 3) a large number of base stations antennas; millimetre wave communications for key technologies: the use of high-frequency high-speed materials is increasing; the current commercial cellular frequency is mainly below 3ghz, the spectrum resources are crowded and the bandwidth available is limited, compared to about 252ghz in 3-300ghz
The use of the millimetre band allows for additional antennas to be deployed over the area of senders and receiver units, and meets the requirements of 5 g capacity and transmission rates. But the millimetre wave also has problems of short transmission distance, poor penetrating and bypassing, and significant decay. These problems make 5g communication.
Equipment is more demanding for the performance of communications materials. HF communications materials have low medium constants, low fugitive factors and high conductor surface flatness, which can better meet the 5g communications equipment requirements.
As of November 2018, more than half of the testing of the network of systems for the construction of phase 3 of the pilot 5g was completed, of which the nsa (non-independent network) test was fully completed, the sa (independent network) test process was halfway through, and it is expected that all tests will be completed by the end of the year, with the year 2019 entering the pre-commercial phase. All three of our three operators are accelerating the deployment of the 5g network, with the construction of the batch pilot.
There are nine research and development centres around the world with engineers working with more than 20 top universities and scientific institutions around the world. China has already invested $5 billion in 5g in research and development with Asia, and in 2018 it will publish a commercial version of 5g based on nasa and will launch a full set of 5g commercial equipment, including cpe, perfected connectivity tests in 2019, and officially commercialized 5g in 2020.
At the Ministry's press conference, it was stated that more than 25 5g commercial contracts had been obtained and more than 10,000 5g base stations had been delivered. 2.5.3 pcb four major changes: increase in volume, use of high-frequency high-speed materials, increase in plate size and increased integration.
Great; 4) Increased integration: the number of 5g macro stations will reach 1.1-1.5 times the number of 4g base stations, and it is expected that the number of small stations will be twice that of macro stations.
The 5g base station combines the original antennas and rru into aau, which can reduce the loss of the original antenna and the rru connection. These changes will lead to the re-allocation of the electrical circuits in the base station, which will give rise to new demands for pcb. According to the above, the 5g model of the network of the macro station and the small stations is expected to lead to a new base site build-up.
1.5 times, the total number of macro-based stations is expected to reach 4.75 million. Small stations cover only 10-20m, mainly in hotspot areas or higher-capacity business scenarios, and are expected to double the number of small stations to 9.5 million.
As can be seen above, 5g will use millimetre wave communications, requiring the use of high-frequency high-speed materials, which means that the ratio of high-frequency high-speed materials to pcb base materials will increase. The company states in the investor relations log that "special materials such as high-speed high-frequency (HF) have been partially applied to the pcb product in phase 4g, which is expected to become more universal in phase 5g." The ratio of high-frequency high-speed material applications and the upgrading of processing difficulties are expected to increase the unit price of the pcb product accordingly.
An increase in the size of the plate: the pcb area required for aau and bbu is expected to increase. As you can see above, one of the key technological changes in 5g is in the antenna. Massivemimo applications will bring the number of antennas to 64, 128, or 256, a 4-, 8- or 16-fold increase in the number of 4g base stations.
This will result in a significant increase in the pcb area for carrier and line connections. With a high demand for transmission speed and capacity, this will increase the area and layer of pcb used in bbu.
5g has a higher requirement for the integration of antenna systems. The increase in the number of 1/0s, the reduction in the length of the fuselage, the significant increase in the number of components within the same size, and the increasing density of the integration on the circuit boards, given the increasing complexity of the design and variety of functions. The construction of 5g has a higher demand for layers of pcb, area, drill accuracy, cabling, etc., and the process value added of the pcb product is expected to increase.
2.5.4 Aau high frequency pcb market space of 20.778 billion yuan, as can be seen from the above-mentioned analysis, the largest part of the 5gpcb value increase is in the high frequency high speed pcb board required by aau, so we measure the high frequency pcb market space of the 5g under construction as high as 20.778 billion yuan.
2.6 Motors Electronics: The value of the bicycles is expected to rise, with market space reaching $7.5 billion in 2022 and a huge market of 2.6.1 automobiles, a huge market space of $10.58 billion, a huge electronic market of cars and a domestic market size of $10.58 billion in 2020. As smartphones entered the stock market, I entered the stock market.
They consider car electrons to be an incremental market after smartphones in four ways. 1) In the current volume of automobile sales, the share of inland cars has gradually risen to 30%. 2) The country currently has 150 cars for 1,000 people, which is still a huge increase compared to 400 in Japan. 3) Automobiles, energy vehicles, unmanned vehicles, and adas development, according to tttm presence data, are a combination of new energy sources and unmanned vehicles for the future.
The growth rate is more than 20%. According to data from China ' s Industrial Information Network, the world ' s automobile electronics market has shown a steady growth trend over the past year, rising steadily from $145 billion in 2011 to $207 billion in 2017, and is projected to grow steadily at around 5%, reaching a high of $22 billion in 2020.
2.6.2 Vehicle pcb: historical compound growth of more than 37%, vehicle pcb volume is expected to increase further, historical compound growth of more than 37%, and vehicle pcb value is expected to increase further. According to China Industrial Information Network data, car pcb accounts for about 2% of total car electronics and about 10% of total pcb. Automobile electrons are more demanding for pcb, in power systems, lighting.
Systems, sensors, reorbiters, and car-borne information and entertainment systems are all used, mainly with low-stretch panels, hdi and scratchboards. As car electron penetration rises, the value of pcb per vehicle increased to around $62 in 2016, an annual compound increase of more than 37.21% compared to $13-24 in 2013. tttm data projections that the penetration rate of new energy vehicles will reach 35-47% in 2040, with single vehicles.
Figure 48. Electronics and pcb content in cars in comparison with 2016 2.6.3 market size: measured vehicle pcb market space up to $7.5 billion in 2022 according to ttm data, we split the model into luxury, non-luxury and new energy vehicles, single pcb value
Assumptions are $62, $125 and $513, respectively. Public figures for McKinsey and others estimate sales of luxury, non-luxury and new energy vehicles as high as $7.5 billion in 2022.
U.S.A. 3. Upstream and downstream extension: E.C.U. enhances customer stickyness when it's right to replace the national product of the enveloped base plate.
3.1 A business profile of the integrated circuit industrial chain: the enveloped base plate is a key package for the integrated circuit industry chain The integrated circuit industry chain can be divided into three main components: chip design, crystal-crystal manufacturing, and seal testing. The enveloped base plate is a packaged material that is a key carrier for the integrated circuit industry chain seal, providing not only support, evasive heat and protection for the chip, but also for the chip and pcb.
It provides an electronic connection, which can even be buried in a sourceless, active device to achieve a system function. The envelope contains around 46% of the base plate, which is a key package in the integrated circuit industry chain.
• Other materials 3.2 Structural opportunities: industry transfers within the country with 23,747 million yuan in incremental space for the enveloped base plate
3.2.1 The advantages of scale and the high cost sensitivity are prerequisites, with three factors driving the capture of domestic transfers of industries: labour-intensive, fast-renewed technology, and a variety of factors determining the size and cost sensitivity of the capture industries. According to economic theory, the high size and cost sensitivity are often prerequisites for the division of labour and the transfer of industries.) The advantages of scale are prerequisites for the division of labour.
At the end of 1980s, cmos established that the semiconductor industry was moving towards a professional division of labour, divided into different professional divisions according to three stages of the semiconductor industrial chain Industrial enterprises, including chip designers (tables, without their own manufacturing and encapsulation), crystal circle generation industries (foundry, without their own design and sealing) and professional encapsulation enterprises (without their own design and manufacture).
In essence, the three elements of labour-intensive, fast-updating technology, and the variety of forms that determine the size and cost of the industry are determined by the fact that the total number of workers, with 43711 employees and 27383 producers, is 62.65%.
\triangleright \triangleright This subject has 43,536, or 99.60%, of the total number of students.
The next chapter of \triangleright details the way in which the wrapping technology is evolved by dipqfpbgacspsip3d-sip. The wrapping forms are diverse: because of the large number of product categories used in semiconductor terminals, the wrapping forms are equally diverse, including dip, bga, etc.
Sip et cetera. The types of seals and applications are classified as follows: 3.2.2 The trajectories of the logo, the "geese model" of the domestic seal industry, which follows the history of the development of the Korean, Taiwanese semiconductor industry, often become the leader of the "catcher" of the industry.
South Korea’s Taiwan-based industry is very similar from rising to growing. South Korea’s development of the industry is mainly the beginning of a wave of seal transfers, with the first roots in South Korea being in a downstream garment chain, later government-led gradual moves to the middle-stream manufacturing chain, and then design.
In 1987, when the power plant was established, the Taiwan chip industry moved into a high-speed development phase, gradually evolving into an industrial landscape in which the design, manufacturing, and sealing of the three links are mutually engraved. The development journey, where aggregate and spillover effects are seen, is the main reason why Korea and Taiwan are able to make a smooth transition to the 1c end.
The scale and cost sensitivity of the industrial development path validates the “geese model” of economics of industrial development. The “geese model” refers to the international division of labour, the international division of labour.
The “geese model” product development path generally moves from a low-value-added to a high-value-added sector, and the semi-conductor industry development path is the design of the manufacturing ring and the whole industry chain.
According to the “geese model,” mainland China is in the process of catching up with the geese, and, with the support of major government funds and policies, in 2016, the amount of its design sales exceeded the seal, and the spillover effects of the containment industry showed signs, similar to those of South Korea and Taiwan.
3.2.3 Size of the market: A top-down calculation of 23.747 billion yuan in domestic envelopes, 70% of the target self-sufficiency rate and 64.9 billion real investment sizes demonstrate the Government ' s commitment to supporting the industry. Since 2010, the Government has produced a series of documents that encourage the development of 1c industries, including policies such as tax incentives. The 13th Plan proposes to make advanced industries, such as semiconductors, a world.
In 2015, the National Programme for the Advancement of the Integrated Circuit Industry, China's Manufacturing 2025, was promulgated, setting a policy target of 40% self-sufficiency in China's domestic demand market by 2020 and 70% by 2025. Intergenerational space amounts to 97.773 billion yuan.
We assume that 22% of the country’s future sealing chain is expected to add up to $21.51 billion. According to industry research, we assume that the capture industry has an average Māori rate of 20%, direct material costs of 30%, and that the envelope board accounts for 46% of the packaged material, thus calculating the market space of 23,747 million yuan for the domestic envelope.
3.3 The pattern of competition: market patterns are stable and concentrated, high technological barriers to national production alternatives, and Taiwan, South Korea, and Japan now account for nearly 90% of the world's enveloped base plate industry. Over the history, Japan is the earlyest in the development of the board, and South Korea, Taiwan sealing plants and pcb plants rapidly entered through the introduction of technology from the United States, Japan, etc.
According to the Institute of Advanced Industries, Taiwan, South Korea, and Japan now account for nearly 90% of the world’s enveloped base plate industry. Because of the high correlation between the enveloped base plate and the chip, different chips are often matched by specially designed enveloped panels. This makes the envelopes numerous, full product-based and sector-specific.
The pattern of competition is stable, with the top five firms accounting for as much as 65% of the total, and the country’s production of alternative space. In terms of the type of manufacture of global envelopes, there are three main components: 1) the production of the ic envelopes, such as the sun and the moon, by the sealers; 2) the expansion of operations by the pcb manufacturers.
As far as the envelopes are concerned, the envelopes and the hdi plates in pcb have some common features in the manufacturing process and belong to technological homogeneity, such as our deep south circuits: 3) the manufacturers that specialize in the manufacture of the envelopes, including the electronics of Sintai. The pcb plant now dominates the industry in terms of the type of major envelopers.
All remain above 80%, up to 65% in the pre-2017 stock market, and the industry pattern is relatively stable. As a key complement to the integrated circuit chain, China has only 1.23% of the world’s mainland envelopes, and even less of the country’s production.
unimicronibidensemcoshinkosusnanya  Other 3.4 company sealboard operations: breaking a foreign monopoly, with a clear competitive edge in the area of segmentation, breaking a foreign monopoly and filling a gap in key materials in our integrated circuit industry chain.
The strong competitive advantages accumulated in production led in 2008 to the development of enveloped panels and successfully applied in 2009 to become the lead employer of the national major technology project, "The Large-Small Integrated Circuit Manufacturing Equipment and Packages" (hereinafter referred to as "PGR 02"). At the same time, the technology and process of production of sealed panels with autonomous intellectual property rights, with minimum width/wire distance of 20 μm and minimum aperture diameter of 20 μm for production processes, were developed.
65 μm, minimum perforate 135 μm, top plate 100 μm high-density high-precision envelopes, successfully breaking the foreign monopoly, filling the void of key materials in our integrated circuit industry chain, and pushing forward the process of nationalization of the encapsulation panels. Companies can design chips for chip companies, encapsulation test companies, and supply two to eight floors of fused and inverted fuse boards, which are used mainly in micromechanical power systems, radio frequency modules, storage chips, base plates, etc.
Figure 61. The inverted enveloped base plate supplied by the company has clear advantages and promising development. From the disclosure data in the company ' s offer statement, the main source of the enveloped base plate collection is the company ' s collection.
Micromechanical systems, which account for more than 40%, are followed by storage chips, which account for more than 10%. The company is now the world’s largest producer of solar and moonshine light, Aryan technology, commercial Gore shares, and Sioux.
But with the rise of domestic design firms, such as Heith, the exhibition, and the ongoing construction of new production capabilities by domestic producers, such as China Harbour International and Yangtze Storage, long power technology, access to micro-technology and Chinese technology, and the trend towards upgrading companies to advanced production processes and the transfer of the sealing chain to mainland China, the future of the containment base has shifted the space of the future industry.
The production of the enveloped base plate offers a good opportunity for development.
High-speed communications enveloped base plate 3.5 AGE operations: build on existing clients to enhance viscous and cross-sales
One-stop service for high-quality customers. Electronic assembly links refer to the welding on pcb of non-source devices, source devices, plugs, etc., through plug-in, surface-fixing, microassembled, etc., under the design scheme, to make electronic and electrical connections and, through functional and reliability testing, to form modules, whole machines or systems that belong to the downstream part of the pcb manufacturing business.
Pcb high-quality clients provide a one-stop service to meet their demand for shorter transaction times and lower costs, which greatly enhances client experience, building on existing clients to enhance sticky and cross-sales. The company’s e-assembly business focuses on communications, medical electronics, aerospace, etc., are already equipped to provide a full range of services to clients, including product design, development, production, assembly, systems technology support.
The company's electronics business has developed long-term strategic partnerships with such global leaders as Hua Duan, General Electric, and Hornewell. The company's electronics business builds on existing high-quality customers, enhances their value and experience, and enhances customer stickyness and cross-marketing.
4. Corporate competitive advantage: technology and customer advantage, supply chain control, and technology and customer advantage of 4.1 companies are expected to be the first to enjoy 5 g-volume advantage, and technology and customer advantage of companies are expected to be the first to enjoy 5 g-volume advantage.
From the above analysis, the complexity and integration levels of 5gpcb products are expected to increase further, and the proportion of pcb products using special materials will increase, leading to higher value added on the pcb board and better prices for companies.
Technology advantages are evident, with R & D spending in absolute and average terms ranked second in 17 enterprises. In the area of communications, pcb products are, on average, more difficult, and production technologies usually have a long process of evolution within the enterprise from R & D to practical application, thus creating technical barriers. Hence, higher demands are placed on the technological maturity and integration capabilities of producers.
Focus on high-quality large clients, building one-stop integrated solutions that enhances stickyness and stabilizes profitability. The company’s downstream customers are mostly high-quality, large-size customers, typically have very strict certification systems for suppliers, and certification requires longer cycles. To ensure quality stability, customers also tend to opt for long-term scalding cooperation with certified pcb manufacturers, with some barriers to entry of new manufacturers.
In-one's business layout, which provides a one-stop solution. This business layout model can produce economies of scale in upstream raw material procurement, as well as higher cross-sales for downstream sales and greater customer stickyness. The company's pcb product is mainly used in communications, so we've chosen to share in electricity, produce technology as a comparable company, with profit technology receiving 83% of the pre-pcb raw materials in 2017, pcb overcolated, pcb.
The company’s unsettled net profit rate until 2016 was mainly affected by the company’s plant relocation and new capacity building. After 2016, the company’s product composition was optimized, its capacity utilization increased, and its profitability improved significantly, as shown by the impact of the scale.
4.2 Supply chain control capacity has improved and management incentives have increased supply chain control capacity. The number of company accounts receivable has gradually decreased since 2015, the number of accounts payable has increased since 2016, and the net business cycle as a whole has been declining, with companies with the lowest turnover of company receivables compared to 23 companies associated with the pcb industry chain.
Figure 70. Management incentives are adequate compared to the number of working days of corporate and comparable corporate receivables. Of the 22 companies in the pcb industry chain, the company ranked third in the total remuneration of its management in 2017, with an average annual salary.
The company currently owns three major production bases, Dragon Kong, Tinless, and Nantoon. According to stock offer data, the South Capital Investment Project reaches the postnatal stage, and the company’s pcb capacity is expected to exceed 1.6 million square metres/year.
The base plate business, which is now in place, is capable of producing around 200,000 m2 per year, and the ipo project is expected to produce 600,000 m2 per year after the completion of the tin-free plant, which will be primarily aimed at the storage market in the future, with a high demand for large quantities. The dragon-based plant is mainly producing small and medium-sized quantities of products, and the tin-free storage project is expected to be launched next year. We expect that the post-natal assistance company will break through the production bottlenecks and optimize the product structure.
In our sub-operations, we made the following key projects: pcb, where we divided the production of pcb into the original production and the new production of Nanchang.
We also divide the production of the enveloped base plate into original production and fund-raising production. We expect the company to have a pre-existing electronic assembly union between 2018 and 2020, with the company's electronic assembly union based on its previous client pcb, and we expect the company to have a 30% growth rate in its other business, and the Maori rate to remain stable as the company's pcb business continues to expand.
5.2 Profit forecasts and investment proposals are sub-covered, giving companies a “strongly recommended” rating.
The construction of 5g is below expectations, the build-up of productive capacity is below expectations, the increase in competition has led to lower prices, prices of raw materials and exchange rate fluctuations.