Deep South Circuit (002916) Electronics show good performance, 5-ga-high track, Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre
Summary of performance: the company achieved business income of $5.337 billion in the first three quarters of 2018, an increase of 26.64 per cent in the same year; net profit of $473 million in the same year, an increase of 39.59 per cent in the same year; net profit of $441 million in the same year, an increase of 49.91 per cent in the same year.
This represents an increase of 41.22%; a net return of $193 million, an increase of 121.5% in the same year; and a net profit of $180 million, an increase of 152.71% in the same year. At the same time, the company issued a year-round performance forecast, which foresees a clear competitive advantage in the layout of the “3-in-one” operation.
Subassembly combines three operations that form the unique “3-in-one” business layout of the industry. At the heart of the company’s connectivity, the company, while increasing its leading position in printing circuit boards, is actively developing its “technically identical” enveloped board business and its “customer-friendly” electronic assembly business.
The integrated manufacturing capacity of the company covers the chain of Class 1 to Level 3 seals, making full use of industrial synergies through value chain-wide services such as programme design, manufacturing, electronic assembly, microassembly and testing.
The company achieved Māori sales in the first three quarters of 2018, 22 per cent in the first quarter of the year q3, an increase of 1.43 pp per year, and a net sales interest rate of 9.17 per cent, an increase of 3.3 pp per year for the first three quarters of the year, and continued improvement in profitability.
The management and financial costs rates of 8.92 per cent and 0.64 per cent, respectively, have remained on a downward trend for five consecutive years, mainly as a result of a significant increase in corporate informatization and continued improvements in corporate performance efficiency as firms continue to advance such important projects as process and IT construction and smart manufacturing.
The company is expected to take the lead in benefiting from the industrial dividend as the 5g is gradually commercialized and the 5g macro station is at its peak. After more than 30 years of accumulation, the company has now become the world’s leading radio base station radio frequency (RF)pcb supplier and has established a long history with a large number of leading companies around the world.
A stable partnership has firmly established a leading industry in the area of high-frequency communications high-speed pcb. 1 Deep South Circuit: the production of circuit board industry leader 1.1 “3-in-one” business layouts with extensive product applications
Focusing on the area of electronic connectivity, the company is committed to “the integration of world-class electronic circuit technologies and solutions”, with three operations: printing circuit boards, envelope boards, and electronic packaging chains, which form the unique “3-in-one” business layout of the industry. After more than three decades of development, the company has become a leading company in the Chinese printing circuit board industry, leading the Chinese sealing board industry.
Liners, state-of-the-art electronics manufacturers. According to the first quarter report of Prismark in 2018, deep south circuits are ranked 21st in the world's pcb enterprise. The company specializes in the design, development and manufacture of high school-end printed circuit boards, with the product being used as a core of communications equipment and heavy.
After more than 30 years of accumulation, the company has a leading integrated technical capability in various high-school pcb processing processes, such as backboards, and has firmly established a leading industry in pcb technology. The company produces mainly five categories of enveloped products, one for the storage of chips and the other for the micromechanical electrical system.
The company has developed technology and processes for the production of a self-owned intellectual property sheet, established operating systems in the field of integrated circuits, and has become a leading global producer of solar and moon light, technology, long-electric technology, etc.
Qualified suppliers have a leading competitive advantage in the market with partial segmentation. In terms of advanced process capabilities, high-density enveloped panels of companies have achieved mass production, and some of the leading products (e.g. fc-csp) have small bulk capacity.
The company’s electronic assembly product can be classified as pcba scale, functional modules, whole-office products/systems masterware, etc. In areas such as electronics union operations focused on communications, medical electronics, aerospace, etc., the ability to provide a full range of services to clients, including product design, development, production, assembly, system technical support, etc.
Strength, stable quality performance, and client-oriented concepts have led to the establishment of long-term strategic partnerships between the company ' s electronics operations and leading global enterprises, such as China, General Electric (including medical treatment, transport, hydrocarbons, etc.) and Hornewell. 1.2 The industry chain is fully covered and competitive advantages are highlighted.
The pcb sector is the base industry for the manufacture of electronic information products and is more relevant to macroeconomic cyclical fluctuations. For example, the former global printing circuit board manufacturing industry is located mainly in mainland China, Taiwan, Japan, Korea, the United States, Europe, and South-East Asia.
The combined annual growth of pcb in developed regions such as the Americas, Europe and Japan is expected to be only around 1 per cent in 2017-2022, maintaining a slow growth trend, while the Asian region (except Japan) will maintain a faster growth rate of over 3 per cent, with China projected to reach 3.7 per cent, with global production of pcb remaining more concentrated in China.
With connectivity at its core, the company, while continuously strengthening its leading role in printing circuit boards, is actively developing its “technically as well as its “customer-like” e-assembly business. The company has the combined manufacturing capacity to provide “small and medium batches of samples” and has a full value chain through programme design, manufacturing, electronic assembly, microassembly and testing.
Services, which provide clients with a professional and efficient one-stop solution. Company operations cover Class 1 to Level 3 sealed industrial chain sections, taking full advantage of industrial synergies.
Companies are the first national technology innovation demonstration enterprises to produce circuit boards and the National Enterprise Technology Centre to focus on new technologies under the national torch programme.
Issuance of a range of proprietary technologies with autonomous intellectual property rights, ranging from process technology to cutting-edge product development, industry-wide maintenance of technology, high-school product structure, leading segmented market position, company-focused high-school end manufacturing, production of backboards, high-speed multilayers, multi-purpose metal panels, thick copper plates, high-frequency miniatures.
In addition, companies are committed to new product R & D and market openings, constantly optimizing product structures, increasing the share of high-end products in high-end high schools, and increasing R & D and investment in high-end products such as envelope boards, in order to compete for and consolidate target segmentation markets.
At present, the company has become the world's leading radio base station radio frequency (RF)pcb supplier, the Asia-Pacific region's leading aerospace utility pcb supplier, and the domestic lead processor chip sealer; the company-made silicon microphones; and the micromechanical system envelopes have been used extensively on smartphones such as apples and tristars, with global market ownership of more than 30 per cent.
A rich and high-quality customer resource, a strong market base, corporate positioning as a high-school-end pcb-related product manufacturer, stable and reliable product quality, with a high profile within the industry. After years of accumulation, companies have become the dominant suppliers to a large number of leading global firms and have built long-term stability with them.
The company’s products, technologies, services and services are highly recognized by its clients, and the company has been awarded a “core gold supplier” for five years in a row. Under excellent market strategy, the company’s new customers are well-developed and developing for the company.
Long-term stable development provides sufficient motivation.2 Income continues to grow rapidly, and the Māori rate remains stable. Companies continue to implement the “3-in-one” strategy, focusing closely on their annual business objectives, making it difficult and fast.
Quick breakthroughs and development. In the first three quarters of 2018, companies achieved gross operating income of $5.337 billion, an increase of 26.64 per cent over the same period; net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies were $473 million, an increase of 39.59 per cent over the same period; and fast growth was achieved in three operations: the printing of circuit boards, envelopes and electronics.
In the first half of 2018, the company produced circuit boards that generated sales revenue of $2,299 million, an increase of 19.61 per cent, or 71 per cent of operating income. The output of the pcb operation continued to climb, and the work was steadily carried out and the target was achieved. At the same time, the company's stock worked closely with clients to develop the next generation of 5g wireless telecommunications base station pcb products to provide high-speed, high-speed communication networks and equipment for the next generation.
In addition, the Nanton plant has completed the third-party system certification and has started the customer certification, and at the end of the year, sales revenue is expected to be $386 million in the first half of 2018, representing an increase of 19.33 per cent, or 12 per cent, of the operating income. The business growth is mainly due to the need for a mems-mic, or silicon microphone, enveloped base plate product for acoustic micro-electric systems.
The company continues to lead the way in technology and production of mems-mic products. At the same time, tin-free plants built in the first half of 2018 and IEC operations achieved sales revenues of $399 million, an increase of 16.67 per cent, or 12.31 per cent, compared to the previous year.
Project, which continuously upgrades project management and in-house operations. The business now has the technological capability to process a variety of high-precision, high-complex electronic assembly products.
Growing profitability. Growing R & D investment. Corporate M & A sales rates have remained relatively stable in recent years, increasing M & A sales revenues in the first three quarters of 2018, and corresponding increases in direct materials, direct labour, manufacturing costs, and foreign-union costs, with foreign-union fees, to varying degrees.
The net interest rate on corporate sales has risen steadily since 2013 to 8.88 per cent in the first three quarters of 2018, an increase of 0.83 pp in the same year, owing mainly to the fact that some of the process’s internal production capacity is saturated by the saturation of company orders and increased demand from the Association, leading to a significant increase in the cost of foreign trade.
In terms of sub-products, the overall Māori ratio of corporate enveloped base panels and printed circuit board products has remained slightly upwards, and the Māori rate of sub-combined products has been declining in recent years, mainly as a result of continuous refinements in electronic assembly union operations and tpm (full production maintenance).
During the period, the company continued to strengthen its R & D investment, occupying the frontier highlands of the industry, and in the third quarter of 2018, the company invested $290 million, an increase of 27 per cent in the same year, representing more than 5 per cent of its operating income, mainly in the priority areas of routing devices, high-speed, high-frequency, ultra-large capacity for the next generation of communications.
The company's autonomous “Commercial Mass Rate Core Backboard” was awarded the China Electronic Information Industry Award for Excellence in Innovation and Innovation Technology, and the Ministry of Industry and Informatics has identified a single champion product for printed circuit boards. In addition, the company established a corporate science association and approved the creation of a post-doctoral innovation.
In the case of triple-cost expenditure, the cost of sales is relatively stable, and the administrative cost rate is declining from year to year, mainly because the company continues to advance important projects such as process and IT construction, smart manufacturing, and so on, significantly improves the level of corporate informatization and operational efficiency.
Figure 10: Status of the company's three rates for the calendar year Scenario 1: As the company's investment fund is gradually put in place, the post-partum production of the company's circuit boards will be driven by the company's printing of the boards Scenario 3: The company's sealing of the boards will gradually reach its future with the manufacture of high-end high-secret plate products without tin semiconductors
(b) The risk of large fluctuations in the prices of raw materials; the risk of overcapacity of pcb; and the risk of falling prices;
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.