The trend towards national production of 5g+ semiconductors has accelerated, with domestic pcb taps taking advantage of the wind and the domestic pcb industry leading up, for the first time covered, with a “recommended” rating: the deep south circuit, as a domestic pcb tap, has pcb, enveloped base plate, ICU III
Large operations, and a unique "3-in-one" business layout with clear synergies. The company’s pcb product application is centred on communications equipment and actively develops 5g wireless base station products, expanding pcb and encapsulating base panel capacity, in the context of the impending 5g and accelerating trend of semiconductor national production.
5g. The construction of the 5g station will boost the demand for pcb, plus 5g terminals and cars.
New applications, such as electronics, industrial and controlled medicine, are booming, and demand for pcb will continue to grow. According to prismmark, China’s pcb industry produced $29.730 billion in 2017, an increase of 9.6 per cent over the same period, and is expected to produce $35.69 billion in China’s pcb in 2022, compounding in 2017-2022.
The rate of increase was 3.7%, with the company's pcb product downstream predominantly dominated by telecommunications equipment clients, with the top five clients accounting for 48.65% of total sales of the product. We consider the company to be the world's leading radio base station radio power provider, pcb supplier, actively cooperating with clients in the development of the 5g wireless base station pcb product, owned by China.
For many high-quality clients, such as Naking, Nokia, Samsung, etc., the beginning of the 5-g era will benefit from it. The trend of semiconductor national production is accelerating, and the company's cadastral board is a substitute for a welcome: the company's ic board, which is mainly for high-end seals, is the largest segment of the current encumbrance.
In 2016, according to Semi, the global market for enveloped boards amounted to $10.45 billion, representing 53.3% of the packaged materials, with the global envelopes dominated by Japanese, Korean, and Chinese-Taiwan enterprises, showing a “three-legged” situation, with Cr10 as high as 81.98%.
Businesses can produce, and the city as a whole has less than 2%, and there is a huge national alternative. The company’s core technology of sealing boards is in the forefront of the country, with some of the products entering the mainstream.
The 1-5g era is approaching, with domestic pcb taps taking the wind, 1.1. Emerging areas provide new dynamic energy for growth, pcb markets are promising, pcb is a printed circuit board (pcb short), a base board with electronic zero components, and carries electronic components and links.
Bridges connected to the circuits are widely used in the areas of communications, computers, consumer electronics, automobile electronics, and are known as “mothers of electrical products”. In the context of the accelerated evolution of cloud technology, 5g network building, big data, artificial intelligence, shared economy, industry 4.0, and object networking, the pcb industry will be embedded in the entire electronics industry chain.
The pcb upstream/downstream industrial chain is home to a global pcb industry, which is expected to grow at a rate of 3.2 per cent over the next five years.
The global pcb output is projected to reach $68.81 billion in 2022 and a compound 3.2 per cent growth rate in 2017-2022, with a global pcb output of $588.4 in 2017, an increase of 8.6 per cent over the same period.
China’s pcb market is central, and the industry is growing at a significantly higher rate than the global economy. The benefits of the production of the pcb industry are constantly shifting to China, combined with the stimulus of strong demand growth in downstream areas such as telecommunications, consumer electronics, computers, automobile electronics, etc., have grown significantly faster than the global economy in the last two years.
Annual Chinese pcb output will reach $35.69 billion and global pcb output will increase steadily at a combined rate of 3.7 per cent in 2017-2022.
Multilayers dominate, and future high-end pcb products dominate. By product structure, the pcb market continues to dominate. With the rapid development of technology in the electronic circuit industry, the array of components has become more successful, and the high-density demand for pcb for electronic products has become more pronounced, with high layers and scratches of hdi.
High-end pcb products, such as board and envelopes, gradually dominate the market. The demand in the pcb industry is growing new dynamic energy. The largest share of communications, computers, and consumer electronics in downstream applications worldwide, benefiting from 4g investments, smart phones, and the development of mobile Internet, is in 2016.
(b) Communications, consumer electronics and automobile electronics account for the largest share of domestic applications downstream of pcb, with the combined share of the three major domains accounting for 67 per cent of total pcb demand in 2015. We believe that in the future, with 5g commercial, motor vehicle electricization
With outbreaks in areas such as intelligence and industrial medicine, domestic demand for pcb will rise to a new growth point. Communications, computers are the largest in downstream applications of pcb worldwide, and 5g commercial holdings are ready to be launched, opening up new space for pcb demand.
Lower pcb e-markets include mainly product categories such as mobile phones, base stations, routers and switches.pcb production in global telecommunications electronics amounted to $17.8 billion in 2017, representing 30.3 per cent of total global pcb industry output, while lower pcb e-market e-product production reached 2017
By $567 billion, a compound growth rate of 2.9 per cent is expected to continue over the next five years. Figure 8: Continued growth in the production of the pcb downstream telecommunications electronics industry.
With the White Paper on the Economic and Social Impact of 5g, operators are expected to invest more than $22 billion in 5g network equipment by 2020, and spending more than $520 billion in 2030 on 5g equipment in various sectors of industry, totalling $705 billion, representing an increase of 56.7 per cent over investment in 4g.
At a higher frequency, five-g base stations are in the tens of millions. Starting in 2014, smartphone markets are starting to slow down, smartphones are entering the stock age, and the next five-g base station construction will pull pcb demand. 5g has better performance, higher network deployment and operational efficiency than 4g. Early deployment of 5g is expected to take place as required by the Ministry of Information and Communications.
Use 3.5 ghz medium frequency band (4g in 2000mhz or so). Because the higher the frequency band, the smaller the single station coverage, the 5g base station is constructed using a combination of macro and small base stations and home base stations, so that the 5g base station is at least 1.5 to 2 times the size of 4g.
According to the Ministry of Information and Communications, 4g base stations were published in 2017, amounting to 3.28 million, 5g macro base stations, or 5 million, folding small base stations and home base stations, with a potential breakthrough of tens of millions.
The 5g base station will synthesize 4g old antennas and rru into new units aau. The 5g age information volume and transmission rates will be far above 4g, and the massivemimo (large-scale antenna technology) will become the direction of antenna change and, on the basis of a significant increase in base stations, the number of antennas will be significantly increased to improve spectrum efficiency and reduce delay, so single station pcb
In the pcb type, a large number of base stations and terminal antennas will drive a surge in demand for high frequency (HF), multilayer pcb, and base material. As high frequency pcb has to meet the very small demand for medium constants and medium losses, its material, design and manufacturing processes require a much higher than traditional pcb.
According to 5 million macro-based stations, pcb is valued at 20 to 40 million yuan, and the market space for pcb at the 5g base station is expected to exceed 100 billion yuan. On the 5g terminal, with the commercialization of 5g, end-products such as 5g mobile phones will be available, 5g terminal
In the long run, not only consumer electronics, but also 5g, will drive down-stream industries such as car electronics, the Internet, and so on, leading to a significant increase in demand. 1.1.2, car electricization, and intelligence will boost the growth of the car pcb industry.
Automobile electron is an important application area for pcb downstream, including a body electronic control device, which needs to be combined with a vehicle mechanical system, and a vehicle-borne electronic control device, which can be used independently. As cars become electric and intelligent, electric vehicles and unmanned vehicles develop rapidly, with the corresponding auxiliary driving systems aas, battery management systems.
Bms, etc. are widely used and the share of electronic zero components in cars is increasing.
Cruise system Security and chassis control: anti-capture brake control (abs), towed gravity control (tcs), car body electronic stabilization system (esp), advanced driver support
Support systems (adas), airbags (srs), tire pressure monitoring systems (tpms), dynamic chassis control systems (dcc) etc.
Information systems: telematics systems, car intercept systems, car intercept networks, navigation systems: gps positioning systems, electronic navigation, reverse radar, back-to-back entertainment systems: mobile tv, vehicle video, vehicle sound, vehicle radio
Pcb production will continue to grow at a faster rate. According to the latest projections for ntinformation, vehicle pcb production reached $5.5 billion in 2016, an increase of 5.77 per cent compared to the previous year, and is expected to grow at a compound rate of 8.88 per cent per year for vehicle pcb production as new energy cars continue to grow and become more digitized, with a continuing trend and tradition.
Pcb production will be maintained at a faster rate of growth in new energy vehicles: the cost of high electronic devices + high sales, driving demand for pcb. The cost of electronic devices in traditional cars is about 15 ~ 28 %, of which in new energy vehicles it is achieved
To 45% ~ 65%. The pcb value increase for new energy vehicles consists of two parts, namely, the super-increment of hybrid cars and the replacement increase of pure electric cars. and mcu. The price of pcb in vcu and mcu is lower and the price of pcb in bms is higher.
Pyre, full vehicle pcb in the range of 5-8 m2, with an expected added value of $4,000 for more traditional cars.
It is planned that the share of new energy vehicles in total vehicle sales will reach more than 7 per cent in 2020 and 37.9, 51.7 and 794,000 in 2025, respectively, taking into account policy objectives, the impact of the crediting system and the sale of thousands of vehicles, and that the corresponding market penetration rate will gradually rise to about 5 per cent.
Overall, by 2020, new energy vehicles will have generated at least $6 billion in market growth in the domestic car pcb market. According to the Global Energy Agency (IEA), the total global market for new energy vehicles will have reached 6 million vehicles by 2020, which is expected to generate nearly $24 billion in market growth in the global car pcb board market.
Auto-intelligent: Smart-led car rapid development in the pcb market, car-intelligence is a product of a combination of Internet, big data, artificial intelligence, and physical depth. According to the mintsa classification, level 1 is now widely available, level 2 is moving fast, and level 1-3 has a lot of technology.
Reserves, but the function is not yet stable, and level 1-4 is the ultimate development goal. In terms of the targets of Google, Benz, and others in the country, smart cars are expected to be commercialized successfully by around 2020.
By 2020, initial intelligent driving will be more demanding + more demand, and intelligentization will drive the rapid development of the pcb market. Traditional car pcb techniques are less demanding and less expensive, at only 2% of the cost of electronic devices for the entire vehicle.
As a result, the adas system and the systems that perform the perimeter functions require complex engineering and personalization requirements, with higher requirements for pcb heat resistance, high frequency, high speed, etc., and hence the need to move from a low-value medium- and low-end pcb to a high-value medium- and high-end pcb.
The automobile smart market is growing rapidly, with domestic penetration of the adas system at around 15%, and as functionality advances and policy incentives and even mandatory requirements, analysys predicts that the market will grow at a rate of more than 20% in the future, with the potential to reach 120 billion yuan by 2020.
In 2020, new applications such as consumer electronics, industrial controls, medical care, etc. are expected to emerge, and the pcb industry continues to benefit.
The development of applications is also an important factor in the rapid development of the pcb sector. Currently, the consumer electronics sector is developing a new blue sea that is represented by the ai, iot, and intelligent home, with innovative consumer electronic products that will permeate every aspect of consumer life. According to the Prismark statistics, global consumption in 2017.
In the electronics sector, pcb production amounted to $7.9 billion, or 13.4 per cent of the total global value of the pcb industry, and in 2017 the value of the consumer electronics industry was $257 billion, with a combined growth rate of 4.6 per cent projected for the consumer electronics sector in 2017-2022; market demand for industrial control, medical devices, etc., was on the rise, with jobs in 2017 according to prismark statistics
Industry control, medical appliance pcb products valued at $2.7 billion and $1.1 billion, respectively, industrial control, medical appliance electronics products valued at $320 billion, and a composite growth rate of 4.1 per cent in industrial control, medical appliance industries projected for 2017-2022.
Production of electronics in the industrial and medical sectors (US$ billion) 1.2, industrial migration + environmental intensification + high-end products, accelerating the rise of domestic poles 1.2.1, industrial migration eastward: China has become an energy hub
The global pattern of pcb competition is fragmented, with the continent increasing its output at a rapid rate. The pattern of competition in the pcb sector is fragmented. According to Prismark data, in 2016, only 32.55% of the pcb manufacturer ' s cr10 was registered, with the flagship market accounting for only 6.1%. In 2017, the city of pcb in mainland China accounted for more than 50% of the world ' s highest production of pcb.
As you can see, among the top 10 manufacturers of pcb worldwide, Taiwan, Japan and Korea still dominate, and according to iek, they account for 30.2 per cent, 21.6 per cent, and 17.6 per cent, respectively, of their high domestic production of pcb, but they account for only two of the top 20 companies in the world.
Pcb production is constantly shifting to the domestic level. In terms of output distribution, the global share of Europe and the United States has been declining over the past few years as a result of increasingly dry environmental policies and high labour costs, while China has been able to achieve a larger share through its large local electronic communications and consumer markets and industrial chains, with a global leader in compound growth, pcb.
This represents an increase from 31% in 2008 to 51%. According to Prismark, the production of pcb products in China over the next five years will continue to grow at a higher rate than the global level, and China as a whole is now the global production center of pcb.
Domestic pcb is leading the global shift from the global pcb industry to China with a surplus in domestic import and export trade.
1.2.2, pcb products are high-end, leading by far the higher end of pcb products. The demand for pcb is increasing as 3c electronic devices, such as downstream smartphones, continue to move in a light, small and mobile direction.
The demand for products such as higher hdi boards, which are smaller and can carry more functional modules, is increasing, with pcb of high-technology content such as high-speed multi-layers and hdiboards projected to reach 60.58% globally by 2021.
Domestic pcb taps with capital, technology, etc. are expected to be replaced by high-end imports. Domestic capacity is still mainly low- and medium-end single-double panels and multi-layers below 8 floors, while high-end products still need to be imported. Beneficiary policies encourage the development of high-density hdi boards, multi-layered boards, scratched printed circuit boards, and seal boards.
pcb, a firm with high-end pcb technology will be further strengthened, such as the sophisticated acquisition of mflx and multek in the east of the mountains and the advanced fpc; deep-south circuits that have worked for years in high-end areas such as high-speed, multi-layered, high-frequency boards, and the sealing of base plates that have broken through foreign monopolies to achieve large-scale mass production.
According to Prismark, the future high-technology pcb in China is projected to grow at a high rate, using the enveloped base plate as an example, and the combined rate of production of the sealed base plate in China is projected to be 3.55 per cent in 2016-2021, well above the global rate of 0.14 per cent, with the hope of achieving a nationalized import replacement at the mid-to-high end of pcb, with the advantage of further expanding the pcb tap.
The pcb sector has been receiving priority attention since 2015. Since 2015, environmental protection in the country has become more intense, and the government has introduced a series of environmental policies to organize environmental inspectors in 31 provinces, with a fine of $1.27 billion.
1,489 persons were detained and 17,174 interviewed and 168,78 were held accountable. The pcb industry has a number of production processes, complex processes, a wide variety of raw materials consumed, involving sources of heavy metal pollution, and a significant amount of resources and energy is required, the waste is more difficult to dispose of, and the large amount of small pcb production often lacks effective pollution management to reduce costs.
The industry is often the focus of regulatory attention. Most of the domestic pcb companies are located in environmentally friendly high-pressure zones, such as Kyoto, Long Triangle, and Pearl Triangle.
In some areas, pcb companies have been shut down frequently for environmental reasons. On 24 December 2017, the city of Kunshan, the city of Joohai issued a notice restricting production in the pcb industrial chain to a number of large plants, involving 9 companies and 4 upstream raw materials; during the same period, Operation Sword One was launched in Shenzhen City to investigate environmental violations.
The higher prices of raw materials and the higher cost pressures of the pcb companies. The upper limits of pcb are mainly copper slabs (ccl), which are produced by copper, filtration and synthetic resins. On the one hand, middle- and middle-stream ccl production is growing slowly and goes downstream.
The supply-demand relationship between pcb is becoming more tight; on the other hand, higher prices for raw materials, such as upstream copper, add environmental pressures to the industry cycle, leading to higher costs for ccl. As a result of the high concentration of the ccl industry and its ability to negotiate prices for downstream pcb, the ccl purchase price continues to rise and remains high, and downstream pcb manufacturers have high cost pressures.
Environmental protection + cost increases put small output under double pressure. Environmental protection is becoming more definitive in the future, and many small and medium-sized pcb plants with insufficient environmental input in the previous period face dilemmas, namely, frequent lock-outs and huge capital investment in the rehabilitation of old plants; in addition, these small and medium-capacity products are highly homogenised, have weak bargaining power up and down, and are environmentally friendly and productive.
With the double pressure of this rise, small and medium-sized production is cleared, and industry entry thresholds are significantly increased. Industry concentration rises, and pcb is strong. The pcb industry recovers, with large, low cost, high value added, and customer stability pcb firms fully benefiting, not only by turning downstream.
It maintains profits, and it can also boost the market by encroaching on the share of small and medium-sized producers. Large-scale firms are expanding their size, increasing their concentration, optimizing their competitive patterns, and leading firms are always strong. 1.3. Domestic pcbs have been farming for many years, and there is a clear technological advantage in the focus of high-end technology.
Deep South is the leader of the inner capital pcb. Deep South is home to more than 30 years of deep cultivation in the pcb sector, leading the country ' s pcb industry in 2017, ranking 19th in the world, and second only to the acquisition of mflx and multek ' s sophisticated eastern mountains.
In terms of products, the company relies on research and development to position high-school markets, especially in the area of communications, and is a leading global provider of radio frequency (RF) power for wireless stations. According to the overall deployment of the Ministry of Information and Communications, China’s 5g network will be launched in 2019 and 2020.
Formally commercial, deep south circuits, as a small number of domestic firms with high-end pcb production capacity, have been deeply involved in the development of 5g products of customers such as China, Naking, Nokia and Samsung, and it is foreseeable that companies will benefit directly from the global 5g net peak.
Co-opportunities, large-scale operations, and a steady rise in Māori. Compared products with cosmopolitan electronics and Zonta techniques: company collections are far ahead; research and development inputs are ahead of the scale, both in terms of revenue and in absolute terms; excellent operating capabilities and marketing patterns, with lower cost over time; but company Māori rates are lower than those of peers, mainly because
The Māori ratio for the company’s large-scale portfolio is lower than the model and the small batch, while the client base is more concentrated and large downstream clients have a strong bargaining power; the Māori rate and industry gap are closing as the company’s productivity climbs and product structure optimizes. As a leader in the domestic pcb industry, deep south circuits are expected to build on their own R&D strengths and accumulated customers over the years.
Accomplishment, output expansion over capacity bottlenecks, commercialization of 5 g, and rising performance.Emphatic nationalization of semiconductors, company-ic panels to replace national production, 2.1. Enveloped matrix: ic sealing key carriers, storage and communication for growth
In 2017, China sold 54,113 million yuan, an increase of 24.81 per cent in comparison with the previous year, and in 2009-2017, the domestic value of the product was 23 per cent. In the year of the boom in the industry, the figure was 11.65 per cent. In semiconductor nationalization, government policy support, large fund layout and iot.
China’s c-envelope industry has been growing faster, with the enveloped base plate being the key carrier of the c-envelope.
A high-end extension of electronic containment technology that provides support, radiation, protection, and maintenance of an electronic connection between the chip and pcb. Depending on the field of application, the containment panels can be divided into storage chip envelopes, micromechanical electrical systems envelopes, radio frequency module envelopes, processor chip envelopes and high-speed communication envelopes.
In 2016, according to Semi, the global market for envelopes reached $10.45 billion, representing only 28.6 per cent of the encapsulation material, far less than the global share of the development space.
Communications development + semiconductor import substitution, and increased demand for envelopes. According to iccsz, the market size of the global telecommunications base module in 2015 was $50 billion, with a projected combined increase of 15 per cent over the next five years; with subsequent commercialization of 5g, the increase is expected to be higher than expected. In addition, domestic semiconductor import replacement lifts for storage and processing.
With multiple demands, the demand for local envelopes is expected to increase by more than 20%. Japan’s three-pronged concentration is high, domestic firms are more diverse, and domestic firms are more diverse.
Japan is leading the process of rapid development in South Korea and Taiwan, leading to a “three-legged” situation. At present, the top 10 companies in the top 10 of the world are all from these three regions, with cr10 as high as 81.98%. At present, only deep-south companies, Hensen technology, and Joao Haiyan are capable of producing, and the city as a whole accounts for less than 2% of the total, a wide gap between Japan and Korea.
Foreign Encapsulation of Base Sheets: Electronics: Founded in 1991, one of the members of the ITU, the main pcb, hdi board, fpc, scratching board, development, manufacture and sale of board. Farming pcb for nearly 30 years, Taiwan pcb
The second largest plant, with 10 factories, 4 in mainland China and 6 in Taiwan. The company is a global sealing board leader, with 13.40% of the city.
Building blocks, building blocks and other business plates, in which electronic plates are mainly concerned with the manufacture and sale of printed circuit boards and wrappings, as well as design of pcb plates. With regard to the ic envelope, the company is currently Japan ' s largest enveloped base plate company, 11.33% of the global share in 2016, product product cavitypbga, fc.ppga covers.
Three-star electrons: created in 1973 and based on core technologies such as materials, wireless high frequency, power/precision machinery, deep development of strategic technologies and synergy of operations, centralized development of circuit boards, chip components, camera models.
Blocks, communication modules, etc., are the country’s largest enveloped base-plate manufacturer today, with a global city of 10.98%, ranked third. In 2017, the three-star power plant generated $683.85 billion, an increase of 13.35%, a net return profit of $161.7 billion, an increase of 1872%, and a stable Māori rate of 20.6%.
In 2008, the deep south circuit began to develop the core envelope. In 2009, it became the main unit dedicated to 02 and adopted the “High-density, multi-layered sheet manufacturing process development and industrialization” and “III.
Projects such as high-density base panels and high-performance cpu containment technology R & D and industrialization have been accepted, have mastered the containment board core technology, have mass production capacity, have broken through the foreign monopoly of technology, and have become a global leader supplier of sealers such as sunlight, technology, long-range electrical technology, and have gained a greater advantage in some of the disaggregated products.
The company's technology is rich, and some of its products are in mainstream suppliers. The company's silicon microphone micromechanic system is sealed, the base plate is heavily used in apples and tristar products, with over 30% of the world's cities; the self-developed processor chip envelopes are heavily applied by domestic and international chip designers; and high-density envelopes are real in terms of advanced process capabilities.
Current production, with some of the leading products (e.g. fc-csp) already having small bulk production capacity; in addition, there is a technological reserve in damp sensitive device wrapping (msd) and storage chip wrapping (emmc).
The company's ipo fund-raising envelopes are 600,000 square metres/year of capacity, and in the context of high-speed development of domestic ic seal companies, such as chip nationalization, long-electric technology, the company has core technology and is expected to break the foreign monopoly on high-end high-sealed panels and fully enjoy it.
"3-in-one" layout, where there are clear synergies with pcb 3.1, beneficial developments in the electronics sector, rapid growth of demand for ems.
On pcb, electronic and electrical interconnections are achieved and modules, whole machines or systems are formed through functional and reliability tests and belong to the downstream part of the pcb manufacturing operation. ems is dominated by consumer electronics, communications products. In recent years, consumer electronics, network communications, motor power have been used.
Sub-groups represent a rapidly growing market for sub-electronics, and the proliferation of innovative technologies has created a huge demand for the ems industry. In terms of the composition of income in the ems industry, the consumption of electronics, telecommunications products are the main income of the ems.
The global ems industry is expected to grow at a high rate. With the rapid growth of the global electronic component manufacturing industry, technology is rising steadily, efficient output and lower costs are increasing downstream demand for products, amounting to $1 billion for the ems industry, an increase of 37.7% compared to the previous year; with the rapid growth of 5g communications, automobiles and electronics, global electricity is expected to grow by 2020.
Sub-manufacturing services can earn more than $5,598.8 billion, with a combined growth rate of 5.4 per cent. 3.2. Global concentration is high, continental enterprise development is moving fast, ems industries are moving eastward, and China is an important region.
Structural adjustment has led the world’s leading ems firms, such as Honghai’s elite, great creativity, and Jeep, to build manufacturing bases and operations in mainland China, adding up consumer electronic branders such as China’s Chinese brand, Naking, and Mi, leading to the growth of local electronic manufacturing outsourcing. At present, China’s mainland is owned by the Asia-Pacific region and even by the global ems industry.
The Asia-Pacific region has a 71% market size compared to the global economy. Industry concentration is high, with superheadings leading.
To benefit from the development of the local electronics sector, domestic firms are becoming more competitive. The domestic ems industry now has a pattern of international competition and co-development between large and local leading firms.
Chain competitiveness, focusing its own development on responsiveness to market demand, restructuring of products and branding, has the advantage of quick response to market demand, overall cost lead and quality stability, adding up to the localized procurement needs of domestic consumer electronics producers, and domestic ems firms have gained some market share.
The “3-in-one” business model provides one-stop service providing one-stop service to meet high-quality customer needs. The company began entering the electronics network area in 2008, focusing on communications, medical electronics, aerospace, leading the world with China, General Electric, Honiwell, etc.
Businesses establish long-term cooperation. Unlike the traditional ems manufacturer's “pure replacement” model, the company's electronic assembly union operations are mainly one-stop shops for high-quality pcb clients to meet their demand for shorter delivery times and lower costs.
Three operations, with a unique "3-in-one" layout: with connectivity at its core, strengthening the pcb lead, and strong efforts to develop an electronic interface with its "technology-like" envelopes and "customer-homogenous" envelopes. The company’s operations cover the chain of the Class 1 to Level 3 envelopes, making full use of industrial synergies through programme design, manufacturing, electricity, etc.
Value chain-wide services such as sub-assembly, microassembly and testing, vertical integration increases product profitability and customer viscosity. The deep south circuit 3-in-one business model (3) 5g is well under way, and downstream applications such as communications, auto electronics, consumer electronics, etc. are well under way.
4.2. Profit forecasts and valuations, leading by far, will fully benefit from the advent of the 5g era and the boom in emerging downstream applications. For the first time, coverage will be less than expected for downstream industries such as 5g and automobile electronics; the project to raise funds will not progress as much as the expected risks;
Risk of price volatility of upstream raw materials.