5g commercial lift, mid-end pcb secure.
The deep south circuit was established in 1984. For many years, the company has been focusing on electronic interconnection, with three operations: printing circuit boards, envelopes and electronic packagings, which form the unique “3-in-one” business layout of the industry: with connectivity at its core, and with the growing leadership of printing circuit boards, it has developed and expanded.
After many years of development, the company has become a leading domestic pcb company capable of providing a professional and efficient one-stop solution for customers, with products widely used in communications, aerospace, engineering and control medicine, consumer electronics, automobile electronics, services/services.
• A clear shift in production capacity, supply contraction and multiple demand drivers, opportunities for development in the pcb sector, a clear shift in global production capacity from pcb to China, the share of the mainland Chinese market from 31.11 per cent in 2008
This increased to 50.53 per cent in 2017, and China now dominates the industry.2 At the supply end: with the price of raw materials rising and environmental requirements tightening, some small and medium-sized producers have been forced to shut down, the city’s share of the market has been concentrated on large producers, the industry has been successful and the concentration has increased.
3. Demand-side: the number of telecommunications base stations in the 5g era has multiplied over the 4g era, while large-scale antenna technology is being used, and demand for pcb is about to grow; motor power, intelligence and electronic size of cars are clearly on the rise, and pcb continues to benefit; applications such as cloud computing, big data, etc., drive the server market to keep moving.
High, will continue to pull the demand for pcb: In the case of enveloped panels, as a key set of materials in the integrated circuit industry chain, the national seal will open up opportunities as the chip’s state-of-the-art replacement wave continues.
1. Company operations are well organized, with three operations: printing circuit boards, envelope boards, and electronic packaging. Among them, printing circuit boards are rich, highly skilled and competitive; sealing boards break foreign monopolies, and companies have become qualified suppliers to the world ' s leading semiconductor sealers; and electronic packaging combines can be excellent for pcb
Quality clients provide one-stop service.2 Companies have become the dominant suppliers to a large number of leading global firms and have established long-term, stable partnerships with them, which have greatly enhanced their competitiveness, including in China, China, China, Nokia, Honiwell, and China.
The ipo project has reached the postnatal stage, and the company will add 340,000 square metres per year for printed circuit boards, and 600,000 square metres per year for enclosed boards, which will help the company to break through.
Existing capacity bottlenecks, optimized product structures, enhanced corporate performance, and opened the space for long-term corporate development. 28.2 and 21.4 times as much for profit forecasting and investment, considering that companies are leading firms in the country in the pcb field, are technologically strong, and customers are better equipped to do so.
Quality stability, based on the elasticity of the growth of corporate performance, with the first rating and the “recommended” rating given to the company.1 Increased competition in the industry;2 slower than expected pace of production;3 risk of price volatility of raw materials.3 First, scores of successful domestic pcb-led enterprises
(i) Deep-farming pcb for many years, leading domestic pcb companies The deep south circuit was established in 1984; in 1993-1994, the company moved from the game board to the telecommunications board area; in 2008, the Public Administration launched the electronic loading consortium; in 2009, the company entered the semiconductor envelopes; and in 2012-2015, the company entered the field of semiconductor panels.
In 2017, the first cpca (China Electronic Circuit Industry Association) group standards were officially published, while companies successfully landed on the mid- and mid-point panels of the Deep Concourse.
The stock code is 002916.sz. For many years, the company has been focusing on the field of electronic connectivity and has been working on “the integration of world-class electronic circuit technologies and solutions.” The company now has three operations, namely, the printing of circuit boards, envelopes and electronic packagings, which form a unique industry.
“3-in-one” business layout: with connectivity at its core, and while increasing the leading position of printing circuit boards, a major effort has been made to develop a secure board business with its “technology-like” and “customer-like” electronic assembly. After many years of development, the company has become the lead company in the printing circuit board industry in the country, a pioneer in the field of Chinese seal boards, and an electronic assembly consortium.
Advanced enterprises with extensive applications of corporate products in communications, aerospace, industrial and regulatory medicine, consumer electronics, automobile electronics, services/figure 1: The history of deep south circuit development
(ii) A steady upward trend in performance, with a steady decline in cost rates over the period, and a positive trend in corporate performance. In recent years, the company ' s business has been more stable, and in 2015 the company ' s performance has been affected by adverse factors, such as the relocation of the company ' s Shenzhen factory and the climbing of its new production capacity.
In terms of operating income, 27.72% per year, the company achieved a net return profit of $448 million in 2017, an increase of 63.44 per cent, and the first half of 2018, where the production of circuit boards contributed significantly to the performance of the company, accounting for about 70 per cent.
The production of circuit boards, envelopes and electronic packaging combines generated revenues of 3,894 million yuan, 754 million yuan and 729 million yuan, representing 68.47 per cent, 13.26 per cent and 12.82 per cent of the company ' s total revenues, respectively, of which the printing of circuit boards accounted for the largest share of the company ' s revenues, which have been maintained at around 70 per cent in recent years.
In terms of the cost rate, in recent years, as the size of the company has grown, the company has intensified its efforts to control its costs, which has led to an overall downward trend in its current cost rate. In particular, the competitiveness of the domestic pcb-led enterprises has remained at around 2 per cent for sales and financial costs in recent years.
Māori rates and net sales interest rates are gradually rising. The company ' s Māori rate is mainly related to a number of factors, including the composition of the company ' s three businesses, market positioning and customer composition, and the ability of new plants to climb.
Six months a year, 23.17 per cent; net sales interest rates are largely synchronized with Māori rates, while benefiting from good cost-control capabilities, company output, company Māori rates and net sales interest rates are expected to increase further. (iii) State holdings, stable concentration of equity structures
In terms of the equity structure, the actual controlling person of the company is China Aviation Industries Group Ltd., the controlling shareholder of the company is China Air International Holdings Ltd., holding 69.74 per cent of the company ' s shares, and the equity structure is stablely concentrated; in addition, the conglomerates of investment, Bo investment and Euro-Possi investment are limited partnerships financed by the company ' s employees, holding 1.93 per cent of the company ' s shares.
On the subsidiary side, the company currently has five major subsidiaries, all holding 100 per cent shares, including no tin-deep south, no south to south south, and no tin-deep south to south to south, with production bases covering operations such as pcb, pcba, sealing boards, etc., with synergies between the sub-divisions.
Figure 9: Deep South Share Structure II. Trends in power transfer and opportunities for industry development (i) pcb presentation and classification
Prints circuit boards, called "pcb " , for the purpose of creating inter-point connections and printing of components on a common base, as designed. The main function of printing circuit boards is to connect various electronic components to achieve electrical guidance. Printed circuit boards are the gateways used to assemble electronic parts Key interconnectors, not only to provide electrical connections to electronic components, but also to carry digital electronic devices and analogue signal transmissions, power sources, etc.
Operational functions such as supply and radio frequency microwave signal transmission and reception are the backbone of electronic components, most of which are equipped with electronic equipment and products, and therefore the printing circuit boards are referred to as “the mother of electronic products.” Pcb has evolved over the years, driven by different end-uses, and the process has become more complex and varied.
(1) Classification by material: rigid board, scratchboard, scratching board. (2) Classification by circuit size: single panel, double panel, multi-layered board, which includes general multi-layer, high-speed multi-layer, backboard, metal base, thick copper, high-frequency microwave board, hdi board.
(3) Sealed base plate: the enveloped base plate was developed on the basis of hdi plate, providing support, radiation and protection for the chip while providing an electronic connection between the chip and the pcb matrix, which served as a “uplifting” function. According to Prismark, the product structure of the pcb market has generally stabilized in recent years, with multiple layers, hdiboards, etc.
Flexible boards together account for about 70% of the pcb market. In the future, electronic information products will continue to evolve in the direction of “integrated, intelligent, miniaturized, lightly quantified, low-energy consumption”, which will facilitate the continued development of pcb in the direction of high precision, high integration, high-speed high-frequency, lightly thinner, high-dispersive heat, etc. The demand for multilayers, scratching boards, hdi panels, envelopes, etc. will increase.
The application areas of pcb are more extensive, including communications, computers, consumer electronics, engineering and control medicine, automobile electronics, aerospace, etc., of which communications, computers, consumer electronics together account for about 70 per cent, and are the three main applications of pcb. Figure 10: Global product structure of pcb, 2010-2016
Figure 11: Distribution of global pcb products applications in 2016 (ii) Industry landscapes are back up, with a clear shift in production capacity. The world production circuit board industry is back up. The printing circuit board industry is the backbone of the electronic information industry.
Industry development is closely linked to the global economy. As a result of the financial crisis, the global output of the pcb sector declined from $48.342 billion in 2008 to $41,206 million in 2009, a decline of 14.76 per cent in the same year; in 2010, with the recovery of the global economy, production of printed circuit boards increased by 27.33 per cent to $52,467 million in the same year; and in 2011-2016, total global pcb
Production volatility is stable: the industrial landscape began to recover in 2017, with a market size of $58.843 billion, a clear trend of increasing capacity transfer over the same period, and China’s share is growing. Currently, global pcb manufacturing is mainly located in mainland China, Taiwan, Japan, South Korea, the United States, Europe, and South-East Asia, with relatively low labour costs in Asia.
In terms of regional distribution of the pcb industry over the past 10 years, Asia has grown from 84% in 2008 to 92% in 2017, with absolute dominance, while China’s market share of pcb has expanded, from 31.11% in 2008 to 50.53% in 2017, driven by large market demand.
At the same time, Japan, Europe, and the United States have seen a marked decline in their market share. The trend in industrial capacity transfer is clear, with Asia at its centre and China at its core.
In developed regions such as Europe and the Americas, where the combined annual growth rate of pcb production is only around 1 per cent, the trend of slow growth is maintained; in Asia (except Japan), where growth is expected to remain higher than 3 per cent, China is expected to reach 3.7 per cent; and global production capacity of pcb will continue to be concentrated further in China.
China’s firms are rising, and there is still much room for upswing in high-end products. According to the distribution of world-wide pcb 100 entrepreneurs, China’s mainland entrepreneurs increased from 12.70% to 39.66% in 2008-2017, and China’s mainlanders reached 46 out of 100 companies in 2017 (including 25 in Taiwan, Japan).
The 21 countries, 12 in Korea, 4 in the United States, 4 in Europe and 3 elsewhere) also reflect the growing rise of Chinese enterprises: on the other hand, after years of accumulation, the pcb industry has matured, but mainland China is dominated by medium- and low-end products such as single/double panels, eight-storey multi-platform panels and smaller ones, although mainland China entrepreneurs are relatively small.
China’s total output contributed less than 20% of mainland China’s businesses, which produced more than $100 million in 2017, suggesting that there is still much room for upswing in high-end production. Figure 15: Global distribution of top 100 firms by household, 2008-2017
With the rise of domestic firms, China’s pcb output and share have risen year by year, and in the area of pcb export and import trade, China has progressively achieved a trade surplus; in terms of product structure, China’s exports consist mainly of low- and medium-end single/double-plate pcb products, while imports are mostly high- and medium-end pcb products such as high-end boards, hdi panels, scratchboards and envelopes.
Figure 17: Imports and exports of our pcb trade, 2011-2015: (iii) Increases in the price of raw materials + contraction in the environmental environment and further increase in industrial concentration.
(cl) and pcb, which are reinforced materials, such as bovine fabrics or pulp paper, immersed in synthetic resins, made in semi-stabilized pieces, made in bronze and made in hot-pressed form, including bovine coated copper, paper-based copper sheet, special material-based copper sheet, and pcb which is processed on the basis of capped pcb: downstream, mainly pcb
On the cost side, the cost of the plate is about 40 per cent of the total production cost of the printed circuit board, with the greatest impact on the cost of the printed circuit board, which, depending on the thickness of the plate, accounts for 30-50 per cent of the cost, 25-40 per cent of the fibreglass sheet and 25-30 per cent of the resin.
The price of raw materials rises, both as a challenge and as an opportunity. Many industrial raw materials are now under stress and inflated, as a result of supply-side reforms and environmental tightening. The main raw materials, such as copper, fibreglass, and epoxy resin, have risen to a different degree than in the previous two years, with higher concentration in the sector and a greater bargaining power for downstream pcb manufacturing firms.
Pcb manufacturing firms are more sensitive to the price of upstream raw materials because it is relatively easy to transmit prices to pcb manufacturing firms. However, we believe that a tight supply of raw materials, higher prices, are both a challenge and an opportunity for pcb manufacturing firms. Some small and medium-sized pcb manufacturing firms face high costs, low prices, and homogenization of products, and the space for survival is constantly compressed and in some cases too much.
To exit the market; while some of the large pcb manufacturing firms, relying on size advantages, technological advantages and stable customer channels, transfer part of the cost to downstream, while continuously seizing the market share of SMEs and increasing their market share. Figure 19: Average monthly price trends for copper electrolysis in the Shanghai colour market
Figure 20: Average price trends for imports of fibreglass and its products Figure 21: Price trends for domestic epoxy resins Figure 22: Performance of pulp price indices
The production of pcb involves a variety of chemical reactions and is a highly polluting industry. In recent years, the country’s environmental requirements for industrial enterprises have increased with the rapid pace of economic development, requiring large environmental inputs, which will significantly increase the cost of doing business.
(iv) Multiple demand drivers such as 5g, pcb development for opportunity 1, 5g, communications pcb for new cycles.
In view of our 5g development history, in 2013 the Ministry of Industry and Communications, the CDRC, and the Ministry of Science and Technology supported the establishment of the 5g Propulsion Unit, which opened the 5g curtain. Subsequently, the 5g-related R & D experiment was actively pursued, and it is expected that the 5g pre-commercial phase will be achieved in 2019 and the 5g full-scale construction phase will be completed in 2020. We believe that the pcb downstream should be completed in 2020.
The medium area of communication accounts for a larger share, and as the 5g time node approaches, communications pcb will usher in a new development cycle. Figure 23: Our 5g time process. Communications requirements in the field of communications are divided into communications equipment and mobile terminals.
The pcb requirement for communications equipment is mainly based on high-speed multi-layers on 8-16 floors, with 35.16%, while the pcb requirement for mobile terminals is dominated by hdi panels, scratching boards, and envelopes. The number of base stations increases the pcb demand exponentially.
The number of base stations will be significantly higher than 4g. The 5g base station will consist of a base station in the medium- and low-frequency band and a small base station in the high frequency band. According to the White Paper on Development of China ' s 5g Industry and Applications in 2018, published by the Ministry of Trade and Communications ' s Sadie Adviser, the number of 4g base stations in December 2017 was approximately 3.28 million; and the 5g base station in terms of the number of stations in the low- and medium-frequency band is about 3.28 million.
In terms of the number of small base stations, the coverage of the millimetre wave high frequency band is 10 m-20m, applied to the hotspot area, and 10,000. So the number of macro and small base stations in the 5g era multiplied compared to the 4g, and the number of base stations multiplied, adding to the need to directly pull pcb.
Figure 25: The working principles of macro and small base stations in the 5g network
Stations @above6ghz cp: Control surface 5.5 dadadadadadadadadadadadadadadada
Low-frequency coverage, high-level top cover, high-frequency coverage.
Large-scale antenna technology (massivemimo) will increase the use of pcb. In order to achieve the 5g-era high rate, low delay, large capacity, and wide coverage targets, 5g requires spectrum and bandwidth-wide millimetre wave bands (frequencys from 30 ghz to 300 ghz, wavelengths from 10 mm to 1 mm), but millimetre waves have such disadvantages as small radius, blockability, etc.
A more dense base station, combined with large-scale antenna technology (massivemimo) to improve transmission efficiency. Compared to the 4g era, the massivemimo technology of the 5g era enabled a qualitative leap in the use of antennas, which could increase the number of antennas on the side of the base station from the current 8 to 64, and the number of antennas on mobile terminals could increase from 4 to 8 or 16.
The massive increase in the antennas in the 5g era will significantly increase the use of pcb. 5g is high, and the pcb value will go further. With the large-scale application of 4glte communications technology and the 5g development, the corresponding communications base station and network equipment, such as access to mobile terminals, will have high capacity and bandwidth to make it possible.
The frequency and speed of mail products are also increasing, the complexity of photovoltaic interconnections is increasing rapidly, and the pcb, which supports the development of communication technology, is going to grow in the direction of high-speed capacity. 5g has a higher demand for high-frequency high-speed boards, and therefore there are higher demands on pcb material performance, stability, manufacturing processes, etc., which will increase the value added of pcb, thereby raising the price of pcb.
2. There is a clear trend towards the electronicization of cars, which continues to benefit from the pcb. There is a clear trend towards the electronicization of cars. Automobiles are the electronic control devices for automobiles and the electronic control devices for vehicle vehicles.
The continuing development of technology and consumer demand for car safety, comfort, recreation, etc., have led to an annual increase in the proportion of car electronics to the cost of the whole vehicle and to a growing trend towards car digitization. The proportion of automobiles electronics to the total vehicle is about 30% in 2010 and is expected to reach 35% and 50% by 2020 and 2030.
The size of the automobile electronics market has been growing steadily. According to research data from the forward-looking industry, the global size of car electronics reached $23.4 billion in 2016 and is expected to reach $355 billion in 2023; at the same time, the domestic electronic automobile market is also growing at about half the world ' s size, at the same time, at the same time, at the same time, at the same time, at the same time, at the same time, at the same time, at the same time, at the same time, at about half the world ' s scale.
The market size of the area pcb is about $5 billion, accounting for about 2% of car electronics, and about 10% of the total market of pcb; the demand for pcb in the area of motor electronics is now dominated by single-dual panels, 4-6 floors, hdi panels, and scratching boards. Automobile electricization, intellectualization trends, provide more opportunities for pcb development.
As a result, more and more high-end electronic technology has been applied in cars, and the share of automobile electronic systems in the cost of the entire vehicle has been increasing. According to the Association, the electronic cost of a compact car represents only 15% of the total cost of a conventional fuel car, 28% of a medium-high-end vehicle, and 65% of a pure electric vehicle, far more than a traditional fuel vehicle.
The sale of new energy vehicles has also been growing rapidly, rising from 75,000 vehicles in 2014 to 777,000 in 2017, with Cagr reaching 118 per cent, expected to reach 2.45 million in 2020 and industry penetration rising.
Figure 34: The projected volume of new energy vehicles sold in the country from 2018 to 2020 3 , cloud computing, big data, etc. drive the server market to keep up at a high rate of 43.7 per cent, compared to 43.7 per cent, the global number of servers delivered at 2.9 million, or 20.5 per cent, compared with 20.5 per cent in the server market.
Both inbound and outgoing volumes are at a new high: the fastest growing in the region, North America and the Asia-Pacific region, with a similar increase of 69.7 per cent in the Chinese region and a global surge in revenues; in terms of market share, the top five conglomerates, waves, and three Chinese enterprises have entered the global server, and although the market share is still different from the first two, it is growing faster. The server market is growing faster.
The demand for pcb, especially high-speed high-density panels, and the rise of local server companies, will boost the country’s pcb 4, the market for integrated circuits. The encapsulation of the base plates will replace the country’s integrated circuits with a large space to maintain a high-intensity view.
The primary circuit sales were 4.64 per cent, reaching $343.2 billion in 2017, an increase of 24.03 per cent in the same year; at the same time, my national integrated circuit sales reached $541.1 billion in 2017, an increase of 24.81 per cent in the same year and 20.82 per cent in the last seven years, an increase much higher than the global, our integrated circuit industry.
We have a low rate of self-sufficiency in integrated circuits, and the trade deficit has increased in recent years. Despite the size of our market for integrated circuits, the self-sufficiency rate has been low. According to the China Customs Administration, integrated circuits have been our first import for many years. The trade deficit has increased year after year, with China ' s imports of integrated circuits amounting to $26.1 billion in 2017 and exports amounting to only $66.9 billion.
China’s continental envelopes are extremely low, and national production alternatives are vast. According to the Prismark data, the value of global seals in 2016 was about $6.6 billion, a key package in the integrated circuits’ industrial chain, and the sealing of the boards was largely installed.
In the Gulf, Japan, Korea and other regions, pcb companies have a monopoly, with the world ' s top 10 anchor market holding 81.98 per cent. Industry concentration is high: China ' s mainland covers 1.23 per cent, a very low share, which, with the rise of domestic integrated circuit enterprises, will surely lead to a significant increase in the demand for a national envelope, which will welcome a national envelope.
Good development opportunities, wide scope for industry alternatives.
The deep south circuits currently have three operations of printing circuit boards, envelopes and electronic fittings (including electronic wholes/systems assembly), and the company has the combined manufacturing capacity to provide “species of small, medium and large quantities” to provide a professional and efficient one-stop solution to clients by performing value chain services such as programme design, manufacturing, electron assembly, microassembly and testing.
The operations cover the chain of the Class 1 to Class 3 encapsulation industry, taking full advantage of industrial synergies, and the products are widely used in the areas of communications, aviation, space, engineering and medical care, consumer electronics, automobile electronics, services/storage.
Figure 40: Deep South circuit operations layout 1. Printed circuit boards: product-rich, medium- and high-end positioning company focus on high-end printing of circuit boards design, R & D and manufacturing, company possession of rich pcb products, production
Products such as backboards, high-speed multi-layers, multifunctional metal base panels, thick copper plates, high-frequency microwave panels, scratching boards, envelopes, etc. High-tech, competitive and segmented market leadership. Corporate product applications are centred on communications equipment, with emphasis on aerospace and industrial medicine, and cover a wide range of collars such as car electronics, consumer electronics, services/storage.
In addition, companies are committed to new product R & D and market openings, continuously optimizing product structures, increasing the share of medium- and high-end products, and competing for and consolidating the target segment of the market. Backboards are used in electronic systems to connect or plug in multiple single panels to create a separate system, with the responsibility of producing circuit boards.
Connecting the functional panels and achieving the function of transmitting the signal between them is the "aorta" of the electronic system. Backboards are widely applied to complex electronic systems such as core routing/exchange, otn transmission, telecommunications base, data centre services/storage, supercomputers, large-scale medical imaging equipment and aerospace control systems.
Industry leads, and self-developed back-drilling technology, step-shelter technology, side metalization technology, and high-frequency material backboarding technology are industry leaders. At present, companies produce up to 100 floors of backboards and 68 layers of backboard for bulk production, with a plate-hectonic ratio of more than 20:1 and industry leaders.
(ii) Multi-purpose metal base plate Metal base plate is a composite printed circuit board consisting of three parts: metal base material, insulation medium layer and circuit layer.
Production of circuit board space, increased product reliability and reduced production costs, mainly in the areas of dry wireless base stations, microwave communications, led crystal display, led lighting, electric machines, motors, etc.
The company’s multifunctional integrated metal base plate modules, such as radio frequency, numbers, power sources, and power, are integrated, representing a leading product program with pcb for the wireless base station.
Figure 44: Examples of multifunctional integrated metal base plate products and applications (3) High-speed multi-layered high-speed multi-layered high-speed guided graphics and high-speed materials with low-discharge electrical losses, mainly bearing high inter-chips
The transmission of fast circuit signals to achieve chip computing and signal processing functions is widely applied in areas such as communications and services/storage. The company’s high-speed multi-layered product is typically represented by a high-speed system plate for communications backbone transmission of 100 g, which has been successfully applied to core communications backbone circuits/exchanges, otn light transmission networks, fibre optics to households and data centres outside the country.
In the industry, printed circuit boards with thick bronze (bronze thick at 3oz and above) or any layer of finished copper thick at 3oz and above are commonly referred to as thick copper plates. They have the characteristics of carrying large currents and high voltage, and are also better radiative, and are widely applied in areas such as telecommunications, industrial power, medical equipment, and new energy automobile power sources.
HF microwave panels are printed circuit boards made of special high frequency materials (e.g., polytetrafluoroethylene, etc.), which are mainly used for high frequency signal transmission electronic products, such as base stations, microwave communications, satellite communications and radars. HF microwave panels have high signal integrity requirements and are more difficult to process.
Products such as panels, HF materials and general materials mix multilayers, local mixing multilayers and high frequency material backboards, which are mainly used for communications base stations and microwave communications. (6) scratching boards
The scratching board is a combination of rigid and scratching boards that can replace the rigid circuit board endpoints with the endpoint electrical cables, which are more reliable than the traditional plug-in or watch-line connections. At the same time, the scratching board can be used both to provide support for rigid panels and to have the curvature properties of a scratching board that can meet the three-dimensional assembly needs and can be effectively reduced.
The volume and weight of the product are widely applied to consumer-type electronics such as smartphones, tablets, digital cameras, wearable devices, etc.
To better meet the personalized needs of high-end customers. 2. Sealboards: breaking foreign monopolies, national alternative spaces, etc. Key carriers of the integrated circuit industry chain seal, not only to support, radiate and protect chips.
Use, at the same time, an electronic connection between the chip and pcb, which acts as a “uplifting” and can even be buried in a passive, source-based device to achieve a system function. As a high-end pcb, the envelope is characterized by high density, high accuracy, high performance, miniaturization, and thinning. Depending on the encapsulation process, the encapsulation board can be divided into a fused sheet and an inverted sheet.
Fig. 49: The chip envelope map breaks the monopoly of technology abroad, fills the void in our integrated circuit envelopes, and there is a wide range of national production alternatives. Because of the technical difficulties of the envelopes and the amount of money invested in them, it has been difficult for local firms to enter the field.
Over the years, the company has acquired the core technology of high-density envelopes, with autonomous intellectual property rights (IPRs), the production technology and processes that have succeeded in breaking out of the foreign monopoly of technology and filling the critical materials in our IED industrial chain.
The gap is a positive contribution to the development of our integrated circuit industry. At present, China has less than 5% of the world’s enveloped baseboards, of which there is no more than a negligible share, and the country’s alternative space, and we believe that the company will try to seize the opportunity of nationalization of the enveloped board and do a big job of doing a powerful envelope.
Having a variety of enveloped base sheet products and being a qualified supplier for the world’s leading semiconductor sealer. The company has a minimum line width/wire range of 20 μm, a minimum aperture of 65 μm, a minimum aperture of 135 μm, a high density of a minimum plate of 100 μm, a high-precision enveloped base plate, including storage chip envelopes, a micromechanical power system envelope of the base plate, and a radio frequency module.
The five main categories, such as base panels, processor chip envelopes and high-speed communication envelopes, are mainly applied to mobile smart terminals, services/storage, and have a leading competitive advantage in the partial segment of the market, while companies have become qualified suppliers of global leading semiconductor seals, such as daylight, electrotech, etc.
Electronic assembly: one-stop service for customers Electronic assembly link refers to the welding on pcb of non-source, source, plug-in electronic components, such as devices, etc., by means of plug-in, table-top, microassembly, etc., and through functional and reliability testing.
Modules, whole machines, or systems will be formed as a downstream part of the pcb manufacturing business. The company began entering the electronic loading union domain in 2008 to provide one-stop service, mainly to high-quality pcb clients, to meet their demand for shorter delivery times and lower costs.
The company’s electronics union operations focus on communications, medical electronics, aerospace, etc., and has the capacity to provide a full range of services to its clients, including product design, development, production, assembly, system technology support. With professional design capacity, strong technical strength, stable quality performance, and customer-oriented ideas, the company’s electronics union operations are already working with China, general electrical, etc.
Long-term strategic partnerships have been established among leading global firms, such as Hornewell. (ii) Industry is leading and client resources are high-quality and stable, according to the Global Pricemark 2017 ranking of companies producing circuit boards, the top 10 big pcb manufacturers, Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan,
Among the top regional companies in Taiwan, South Korea and the United States of America, four in Taiwan, three in Japan, one in the United States and one in Korea, and one in mainland China ranked 19th in the deep south, the only mainland Chinese company in the top 20; we believe that as industry capacity moves eastwards and domestic markets thrived, the company is a leading player in the field of printing circuit boards in the country.
At the same time, global concentration in the pcb industry is less than 35%, competition patterns are fragmented, and there is still much room for greater concentration in the industry. Companies are positioned as manufacturers of products related to the medium- and high-end pcb, and the quality of products is stable and well known in the industry.
After years of accumulation, companies have become major suppliers to a large number of leading global firms and have established long-term, stable partnerships with them, which have greatly enhanced their competitiveness, including well-known firms such as Wah, Naking, Nokia, Honiwell, General Electric Gas, Bosch, Biadi, Unions, Sunshine, etc.
At the same time, the development of the company’s new clients is well under way, providing sufficient motivation for the company’s long-term steady development. (iii) The mobilization of productive capacity is about to be released, opening up space for the company’s growth.
(i) Shenzhen Longang comprises pcb, enveloped base plate, pcba, pcb, pcb, pcb, pcba, pcb, pcb, pcb, pcb, pcb, pcb, pcb, pcb, pcb, pcb, pcb, pcb, pcb, pcb, pcb, pcb, pcb, pcb, pcb, pcb, pcb, pcb, pcb, pcb, pcb, pb, pcb, pcb, pb, pcb, pc, pcb, pcb, pc, pc, pb, pb, pb, pb, pc, pc, pb, pb, pb, pb, pb, pb, p, p, p, p, p, p, p, p, p, p, p, p, p, p, p, p, p, p, p, p, p, p, p, p, p, p, p, p, p, p, p, p, p, p, p, p, p, p, p, p, p, p, p, p, p, p, p, p, p, p, p, p, p, p, p, p, p, p, p, p, p, p, p, p, p, p, p, p, p, p, p, p, p, p, p, p, p, p, p, p, p, p, p, p, p, p, p, p, p, p, p, p, p, p, p, p, p, p, p, p, p, p,
Plants; tin-free base-plating plants are a fund-raising project with a total investment of $1,015 million, with a two-year construction cycle, and the construction of the plant is proceeding according to plan. After the project reaches 600,000 square metres/year after the birth of the project, it is expected to achieve an average annual net profit of approximately 1.379 billion yuan.
(3) South Tontom, which currently includes only the pcb operation, is a fund-raising project with a total investment of $731 million, with a construction week of two years, has now completed the certification of the third-party system and has initiated client certification, and, by the end of the third quarter of 18 years, the South Tontom factory has been operational and is in the production uphill phase. The project will add 340,000 square metres/year to the post-partum capacity.
It is expected that the average annual income will be about 825 million yuan after delivery and that the average annual net profit will be about 108 million yuan.b Overall, according to the offer statement, as of 2016, the company would produce 133.4 million square metres of circuit board operations, 20.6 million square metres per year of sealing board production, and the ipo project would produce additional circuit board production after delivery.
With 340,000 square metres per year, with an additional 600,000 square metres per year of production of the new enveloped base plate, this will help the company to break through existing capacity bottlenecks, optimize the product structure, enhance its performance and open up space for its long-term development.
(i) Production of circuit boards, where the company ' s original production from 2018 to 2020 was guaranteed by technology modification, automation, smart production, etc. 6 per cent, 6 per cent and 6 per cent of the same rate of increase, with product structure optimization leading to product average price increases of 5 per cent, 3 per cent and 3 per cent, respectively, and Southtonpcb (3), where the company ' s electronic assembly operations are expected to continue to benefit as the company ' s pcb operations are gradually released,
Client quality stability, based on the elasticity of the company's performance growth, with the first rating and the company's “recommended” rating. 1; increased competition in the industry; 2; less than expected pace of production; 3; risk of price volatility of raw materials.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels and that the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.