4k, 8k ultra-high resolution video programmes and vr will drive the development of light communication in a fixed network.
To promote the development of light communication in the field of wireless communication, idc is maintaining a high rate of growth, idc has a high rate of growth in light communications, the whole light communication industry is growing in space, is growing in a sustainable manner, the light component is a sub-sector of light communication, and will benefit from the development of the entire industry, along with import substitution, the rapid rise of domestic customers, and the difficulty of the light element.
To achieve fully automated production methods, etc., offers many opportunities for development in the country’s photo-mechanics companies. The continued expansion of the foil communication product lines, ceramic tubes, adapters, and the three product lines of the photovoltaic component, are the company’s traditional advantage and the company’s purpose.
In bulk production, the sophisticated Fiberlens series of products of the filiation are gradually entering small batch production, and these new businesses are gradually increasing corporate profits; the company has introduced high-precision ceramic plug-in technology and sequester process technology from Japan, has autonomously developed optical element plating, and is planning to raise equity funds in a non-public manner.
The construction of the high-speed light device project, through which the company continues to expand its product lines, which are expected to further enhance the competitiveness of the company and further enhance its profits.
A careful prediction of communications in the air, assuming that the stock release will be completed in 2018, the Hengsheng building at the 28th West Side Street, the land mouth ring road.
Fukuwa, Fukuda District, is a tax-free dealer on the 6th of China's Sichuan Free Trade Experiment.
The 17-seat Fertilde Communication 17-B of the China Sea International Centre is dedicated to the development and development of optical devices, high-precision manufacturing and marketing operations in the field of optical communications, and adheres to the concepts of high-end market positioning and high-quality products, which are the leaders of the fibre optic-connection industry in the field of optical devices in our country.
The mpo connector and osa products are expected to lead to a more visible profit for the company from the second half of 2017; the company has introduced high-precision ceramic plug-in technology and sequester process technology from Japan, has autonomously developed optical component plating, and is planning a non-public share-distribution fund-raising project to build a high-speed light device.
After continuing to expand the product lines in these ways, these new expansions are expected to further enhance the competitive power of companies and further enhance their profits.
The market considers the company ' s valuation to be too expensive, and we believe that the company is expected to be more advanced in the future as a result of the many new products that have already started to produce, in particular the mpo connector and osa, which are expected to lead to a more visible increase in company profits from the second half of 2017, and the high-speed equipment project that is being prepared for construction, which is consistent with the trend of light communication.
1. The demand for communications drives long-term growth in light communications.
The long-standing contradiction between the growing demand for telecommunications bandwidth and the limited bandwidth that communication networks can provide determines the spatial and sustainability of the growth of light communications. Communications, including the two categories of fixed network communications and wireless communications, are inextricably linked to the development of fixed network communications and wireless communications.
The broadband access business has been growing very fast in the country over the years, with our average broadband access belt in 2013
Width 3.5mbps, which reached 29.5mbps in mid-2016, and video and vr operations, which will be an important driving force for the future development of a solid Internet broadband operation, are not yet fully accessible to our Internet video programme 1080p (1920 x 1080 clarity) and 8k (8192 x 4320 clarity) television sets are now available.
The gradual diffusion of 4k, 8k ultra-high-resolution programmes will boost fixed network access, urban area networks and backbone networks to expand and open up large market opportunities for the light communication industry; after decades of evolution, vr is moving towards ordinary consumers, and vr should have the greater clarity needed to solve the particle pixel problem.
After 11k, the demand for bandwidth exceeds the requirements of ordinary video; the vr immersion experience guarantees the necessity of its future diffusion to the general public, and the continued progress of technology is an important guarantee that vr will be able to reach the general public in the future.
The first gigabyte of home broadband was released in the country in the month, with a high rate of 1024 mbps, and the average bandwidth of broadband access in the country in mid-2016 was 29.5 mbps, compared to 1024 and 29.5 figures, which also show that light communication has much room for growth in the solid broadband market.
Mobile communication networks provide mainly voice services from 1g->2g->3g->4g, 1g and 2g. Data operations are important starting from 3g. Data operations are already largely dominated at 4g. Voice operations can also be provided in the form of data operations through the voip technology, and consumer demand for mobile data flows is increasing exponentially.
The current pace of 5g R & D is accelerating and is expected to start commercial in 2019, with a relative 4g, 5g leading to a 100-fold increase in the peak rate; the macro station for mobile communications is now largely based on a distribution structure of rru+bbu, with fibre-optic communication between rru and bbu, typically configured as a base station with three stations.
rru, the typical configuration of a base station between rru and bbu requires six light communication modules, 4g move rru and bbu of a mobile cellular network, mainly using 6g or 10g light communication modules, 5g mobile bees, and 25g or 100g light is required between rru and bbu due to the increased rate of mobility on board.
Communications module, with high frequency of operation in the 5g system resulting in high transmission losses, the 5g network base station density will be higher than the 4g network, with the country ' s 4g base station reaching 2.63 million in 2016, and the 5g system ' s demand for high-end light modules is significant; the 5g increase in mobile data operations will also drive the base station back to the core network.
The expansion of networks, urban area networks, and backbone networks is an important force for the development of the light-communication industry. Hwa is the CEO, Mr. Cheng Fei, who has a well-known assumption that future data flow pipelines will become as thick as the Pacific Ocean: when the data flow pipelines will change from not yet the Yangtze and Yellow Rivers to the Pacific Ocean.
2.idc drives a sustained long-term growth in light communications. Cloud computing has four advantages: providing the safest data storage centre, reducing equipment requirements for users,
Increased computing capacity, unlimited storage capacity, these four advantages guarantee rapid growth in cloud computing, one of the inevitable consequences of which is rapid growth in idc. The global and our idc markets are growing in size over time, and the global idc markets are growing in size.
The growth in the size of the country’s idc market is illustrated in figure 3: the server and access layer exchange in idc and the core layer exchange have a large number of connections, which are transmitted at a high rate and can only be achieved with fibre-optic communication. The idc network architecture is illustrated in figure 3.
The idc network structure also has a three-storey architecture, including access layers, assembly layers and core exchange layers. Since each server needs to be connected to the switchway by light, a large data centre has more than 3000 racks, each with dozens of servers, and the number of light modules required is very high.
The Internet + is flourishing in the country, and the Internet + development is bound to go hand in hand with the development of idc and the development of light communication.
Three other factors will benefit from the development of the PV industry as a whole, and the long-term development of the PV company in the country: import substitution, downstream important customers - the way PVC manufacturers and PV equipment are produced in a rapid fashion, and the way in which the PV is produced.
Import substitution, for example, takes the case of ceramic tubes, whose complete production techniques were in the hands of a few Japanese companies such as Kyocera (Kyocera), Toto (Totocau) prior to 2000, and which were in the position of key components in the entire chain of light communication industries, domestic enterprises and research units increased their match.
The research effort on ceramic tubes, developed over the years, has enabled the country to acquire a full range of production techniques for ceramic tubes from oxidized powders to precision coatings, and high-end ceramic tubes have begun to replace imported products; the world's lightware industry is now gathering in China, and major foreign light communication equipment firms will be operating at major production bases.
Jdsu, oclaro, oplink, afop, ipg, etc., have already established plants or branches in China, and some of their products from abroad compete with domestic lightware manufacturers, while they are also customers of domestic lightware manufacturers, such as Oclaro, who provide light modules.
The global lightware industry is now shifting to China, and foreign manufacturers are actively looking for Chinese suppliers, giving domestic light manufacturers more opportunities to import alternatives.
The speed with which the lumino-module manufacturers have developed in recent years is evidenced by the development of the technology, which grew by 68 per cent in 2016, and by the development of the 400g light module, which is the top product of the luminous technology.
At the top of the world’s leadership, the rise of home-grown customers at the first 400g 10kmosfp module in March 2017, on ofc2017, demonstrated the need for manual intervention. Photometers, such as components and mpo connectors, are difficult to fully automate.
The country has a leading advantage in terms of the quality and cost of industrial workers, which gives domestic component manufacturers much more scope for growth in global competition than in domestic light component manufacturers, such as 400gosa, from the perspective of new products that can be introduced in the future.
1. The structure of the turbo telecommunications product is in the field of photocommunications, design, high-precision manufacturing and marketing of light.
Sourceless devices are an important part of light communication equipment, which is related to the quality of signal transmission, the useful life and stability of communications equipment, which are at the top of the chain of light communication industries, and the classification of the products of sbilling in the communications industry, as shown in figure 5:
The product lines of the foil communication include ceramic tubes, adapters, hair and hair components, Osaoodm high-speed light devices, separators, mpo connectors applied to the data centre area, fine fiberlens, high-precision ceramic cores, separators, optical component plating, and are promoting the issue of stocks in a non-public manner.
The construction of “high speed light devices” (providing key zero components for downstream light module customers) using fund-raising funds can be divided into three categories of “stabilizer” product lines, “ booster” product lines and “accelerator” product lines, depending on the volume of production and the time point of profit generated.
The three product lines of the “stabilizer” product line, ceramic tubes, adapters, and photovoltaic components are the company's traditional advantages, establishing the Division's leading position in the fibre-optic segmentation industry in the field of optical devices, and building up good results for the company's follow-up.
The current stage of development of the Division's “stabilizers.” Ceramic tubes are one of the core components of fibre-optic activity connections, which are designed to combine the two ends of fibre-optics with a optical diameter of about 9 m so as to maximize the transfer of light energy from the launch-end fibre-optic output.
The tubes are products that were developed and marketed from the start of the company, and the principles for their application are as shown in Figure 6: Ceramic tubes
Ceramic tubes are thin and fragile and require a scalding process to ensure their strength and resilience. The inner permeability and straightness directly affect the penetration of wear and tear. They depend on rigorous, mature manufacturing processes and advanced, sophisticated processing equipment to ensure the performance of their products. These characteristics determine the difficulty of production of ceramic tubes and the competition in the country.
Fewer. The share of ceramic tubes in foil communications in the global market in 2013 was 6.87 per cent. Fibre-optic adapters, consisting of ceramic tubes and plastic or metal casings, are used mainly in docking between fibre-optic jumpers and are widely used in fibre-optic match boxes, fibre-optic switch boxes, optical circuits, optical transceivers, optical transceivers, central machine rooms.
The performance of the fibre optic adaptor directly affects the stability of the light network, in which the ceramic tube determines the power of the fibre optics, the penetration loss of the adaptor, the power of the plugging, etc., the precise size of the plastic shell, the level of manufacture guaranteed fibre optics, the mechanical durability of the adaptor and the strength of the locking institutions, etc. The fibre optic adapter is applied as shown in figure 7:
In 2013, the fibre optic adaptor of the foil communication had a global market occupancy rate of 1.22 per cent.The main role of the optical-receiver interface component is to transmit the focused light signal accurately to the fibre-optic jumper or to project the light signal from the fibre-optic jumper into the light sensor precisely; the optical-receivable interface component is from the ceramic condom.
Trails, built-in fibre-optic short cores and fine stainless steel components, the four-way nature of the optical-receiver interface component, figure 8: the optical-receiver interface component, which occupied 8.96 per cent of the global market in 2013 of the optical-receiver interface components of the foil communication.
Ceramic tubes, adapters, and optical and optical components are the best products that the company had produced and sold prior to their listing, and the listed funds are being collected mainly for the project on the expansion and upgrading of photovoltaic devices and the project on the construction of the R & D centre, for which the construction of the project on the expansion and upgrading of photovoltaics has been completed and the new R & D centre has been established.
The company has developed new product lines, including Osaodm high-speed lightware product lines.
Isolator product lines, which apply to the data centre line of the mpo series, the filiber lens, etc., the osa high-speed light device and the sequester product line have already been produced in bulk, the capacity has been released, the mpo product line has been produced in bulk at the end of the first half of 2017, and some customers have been in bulk production in the filif.
The Fiberlens series of product lines have also gradually moved into small-volume production, and these new businesses are gradually increasing corporate profits and are the next stage of the company's development as “facilitators.” Osa adds light sources and light detectors to the components, divided into Tosa, Rossa and Bosa.
Tosa is an additional light source on component products. The light source may be light-emitting diode led or laser ld. Rosea adds light detectors on component products. The light detector may be photoelectric diode pin or avalanche secondary apt. Bosa is both a light source and a light detector on the component.
The Osa sample is shown in Figure 9: Osaodm is in the production phase of Skyfoil, the company is actively preparing the Osa high-speed rate, the lightware product line has been expanded in Jiangxi II, and the company currently produces the Osa product of 10 g, 100g.
The product began to be developed in 2016, with 10 new devices imported into the product line from osa in 2017, and a significant upgrade began in the second half of the year. The separators are non-source-based devices that allow only one-way light, and their work is based on Faraday's non-rotation.
Easier interoperable, in the form of a laser and a transmission fibre-optic indirect spectrometer, which effectively inhibits the refractorial re-entry of light from the fibre-optic far end, fibre-optic connector interface, etc. in the line, thereby ensuring the stability of the laser's working status and reducing the noise of the system caused by the reflection light. The separators are based on figure 10:
As shown in figure 11, the segregator product line of the segregator for communications in the sbilges originally purchased the separator product for Japanese friends, because when the supply was delayed, the company now acquired the technology for the development and production of the separator through the transfer of the technology for hosting Japanese friends.
The data centre, in its rapid development, has created a high demand for fibre-optic connectors, and the foil communication has developed a series of mpo fibre-optic connector products for use in data centres, one of which is shown in figure 12:
Figure 12: Sampling of mpo communications, mpo fibre-optic connector products from the foil communications, delivered to customers since June 2017, and companies are preparing the mpo fibre-optic connector product line to expand production in Jiangxi II, and the mpo fibre-optic connector will become a future profit
Fiberlens used for optical coupling between light sources and fibre optics, and the joint venture's sophisticated Fiberlens (barrellens) business was transferred to the joint venture's sophisticated filiation and precision fiberlens products.
Accurate fiberlens have been producing small volumes since June 2017. 4. Accelerator product lines are producing or have already produced small volumes and have been certified by a customer and are about to lead to higher profits for the company;
The agreement on transfer of technology for high-precision ceramic core plugs was signed with West Iron City, Japan, the transfer of technology for the Japanese residential isolation device, the autonomous development of optical component plating, and the non-public distribution of stocks is being promoted, with funds raised to build “high-speed light” (supply of key zero components for downstream light module customers)
The new product is expected to significantly increase the company's profits in the future and become an accelerator for the company's long-term development. Ceramic cores are combined with ceramic tubes to bring together the two ends of fibre-optics so that the light energy from the launch-end fiber-optics is transmitted to the receiving end-optics to the maximum extent possible, and so that it is connected by its involvement in the light link.
The effects were reduced to a minimum, and the porcelain core of the foil communication is illustrated in figure 14: Figure 14: The porcelain core product of the fresco fine porcelain core was introduced from West Iron City, Japan, using high-precision porcelain core technology with the city.
Different production processes with different cores produced in the upper sea show better consistency and reliability, towards high-end applications, and the Taiteng Stock Note reveals that the average price of ceramic cores sold in January-September 2016 was 0.97, with a Māori rate of 19.55 per cent, and the current plan is mainly to cooperate with the public.
The Department's own ceramic tubes are used to reduce the cost of the company's components. Foil communications have taken over the technology of sequestering from Japanese friends, and autonomous research and development can solve the problem of the untimely supply of separations in the past, while reducing the cost, as shown in figure 15:
The company is preparing a total of 710.8 million yuan (inclusive) in non-public share collection, which will be used entirely for the construction of high-speed optical device projects, after deducting the cost of distribution; reviewing the history of light communication development, the entire light communication industry continues to make progress towards higher rates of communication, with 400g expected to start in 2018.
Large-scale deployment, 800g, is expected to begin in 2021, at the same time, at a high rate, at a relatively low rate of prices and Māori rates for products, and the start-up of a high-speed light device project by companies will help to enhance the company’s future competitiveness.
The company's projected annual operating income for this project is $834.00 million after the completion of the project, with three main points of investment: first, the industry in which the company operates is the photo-communication sub-mechanics industry, which has great prospects for the development of light communication.
At the same time, the import of alternative, downstream and important customers - domestic light module manufacturers and light communication equipment manufacturers - has led to a lot of developments in the country's photo-mechanical systems, which have been difficult to fully automate. Second, the company has shown a strong spirit of motivation and will to expand, starting with the company's establishment in 2005.
At first, the company's product lines continued to expand, technology continued to progress, and the company's main business development continued to expand along the lines of a one-stop product solution for its customers, with the launch of fibre optic adapter production lines, optical and transient interface components production lines, high-precision cnc production lines, notes.
Plastic production lines have been very successful, indicating good strategic management and management capacity in the company; Osa high-speed light devices, mpo connectors, quarantiner product lines, etc., have been well produced and are expected to lead to a significant increase in corporate profits from the second half of 2017; company sequester products and ceramic plug-in techniques
Both have been introduced from Japan, and companies have demonstrated their ability to integrate global resources. Finally, prior to the company’s listing, three products based on the release of ceramic tubes, fibre optic adapters, and components have gained the status of leading firms in the field of fibre-optic connectivity segmentation, companies have a good customer base, and companies have increased their listing.
Client confidence in the filiation, optimism about the market prospects for new products developed after the filiation had been marketed, the porcelain tubes, fibre optic adapters, components, Osaodm high-speed light device products, home-made separators, mpo connections applied to the data centre area, fiberlens, ceramic cores, light
The plating of components, fibre-optic arrays of 10 products, and we predict that the collection of ceramic cores, optical elements, plating membranes, fiberlens and home-made separators will be used as an estimated surplus against the likely future decline in the company ' s overall Māori as a result of market intensification; for its seven products and for the undisclosed distribution of stocks.
The collection of high-speed optical devices for which funds were raised was based on historical data and corporate communications.
Teen Shenzhen, a subsidiary of China Photovoltaics, also produces ceramic tubes, tissues and osa, but China Photovoltaics account for only 51% of Shenzhen's share, while Shenzhen Shenzhen's 220 millionth Battalion in 16 years received a disproportionate share of the total proceeds of 5.85 billion Chinese Photovoltaics; and the Three Rings Group produces ceramic tubes and ceramics.
Plug-in, but only 44.3 per cent of the company's total revenue for these two products; photoresist technology packages, including active modules of optical electrons, non-source devices, optical wave conductors, and products of fibre optic amplifiers and subsystems, which account for a relatively small proportion of their income; the main product of the present day is the ceramic core.
and mpo/mtp fibre-optic connectors, the main products of creative technology including plc light circuits, array waver (awg), radiable power wave recommencers (vmux), plc light-modifiers (voa) and mems light-modifiers, fibre-optic arrays 40g and 100g light reception assemblies (rosa);
In relative terms, the valuation of too-light and creative technology is more relevant for communications in the foil, with ttmpe of 51.7 and ttmpe of too-light of 42.9, with an average value of 47.3; and a reasonable range of shares, taking into account the rapid growth of net profits in 2018 and 2019.
Undistributed shares may not be approved by regulatory bodies or may not attract sufficient funding, leading to a low market share for new products at high speed light, a potential market share for new products such as the company ' s mpo connector and osa.
Companies have historically had a high Māori rate, and as competition in the market increases, future Māori rates are likely to be compared, using legally compliant information, to produce the report independently and objectively. Any portion of their remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to specific recommendations or views in this report.
The company does not consider itself a customer for the purpose of receiving this report, nor does the reader with whom the company has no business relationship assume appropriate responsibility. This report is confidential to the company without its public disclosure or consent. If a non-corporate client receives this report, please return it and delete it in a timely manner and keep it confidential.
This report is based on what the company considers reliable and publicly available information, but it does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of that information. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the views and judgements of the date of the report, which are subject to change without notice. At different times, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report. At the same time, the prices, values of securities or investment objects referred to in this report may be subject to change.
The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date. For its other professionals, including but not limited to salesmen, traders, the company is not obliged to update all recipients of this report with analytical comments or trade views that are inconsistent with the report based on different assumptions, research methods, instant dynamic information and market performance.
The company seeks to report objectively and fairly, but the ideas, conclusions and recommendations contained in this report are for the information of investors only and are not an invitation or guarantee to purchase or sell securities or the subject matter of their investments.
The company and its authors do not bear any of the consequences of relying on, or using, this report and other relevant studies of the company.