618 tax-free discounts, company profits are expected to continue to be tax-free off-island, airport-free discounts are expected to increase faster and sales are expected to grow faster.
618 special activity areas, with multiple items of explosives receiving 65-85 discounts; off-island, full-scale perfume cosmetics 5 folds, 8 folds tops and 68 discounts for 10 best-selling orders under the tax-free shop line of the Moon Square; and Hainan tax-free sales, with 3 85 discounts across the field, with far more discounts than in the past. We expect to be strengthened by 618 discounts.
As a result, tax-exempt channels as a whole increased in June or will continue to grow in April-May. ..New retail operations off the island plus are expected to drive company performance further.
The most important adjustment from the birth date of the tax-exempt postage tax, which we have previously reported, is that the increase in postage tax is expected to boost China's tax-exempt sales.
The unit price for sales rose from $3513 in 2019 to $6561 in 2021, and is expected to reach $32 billion in 2021. At the same time, we believe that the company’s new retail business is profitable and is expected to remain on a large scale in the long run: (1) at the regulatory and policy levels, the current membership’s buying + duty-free repurchases off the island are governed by government policy.
The policy provides that the net profit rate of current member purchases + duty-free repurchase operations off the island should be close to 10 per cent, without discounting, taking into account the impact of rent and deductions, despite the increased cost of taxes and fees; (2) from the incentives for exemption, the new retailing business has been the way the company has been trying to break through, with companies exempt from business town, business in 2014-2017.
There have been attempts at re-purchase in Hainan, subject to insufficient scale effects and limited policy and branding; (3) brand recognition of the model, we believe that branders will continue to invest more and more in the Chinese market, and that members will buy more than off the island instead of residents in the sea.
Foreign exchange purchases and cross-border power-market platform consumption (which still requires exits or visits to Hainan), limited impact on brands, and return to tax-free channels with cross-border power-market platforms, sales from overseas purchases, are also conducive to brand regulation Domestic market price systems: third, the Chinese cosmetics market remains the home to the international giants, with head brands against the city.
China Travel (601888): The tax-free flagship growth is robust, waiting for the policy dividend to continue to be released.
The valuation remains attractive, maintaining a “recommended” rating.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment consulting profession granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.