China Travel (601888), the sea is free from infusion, and the island's advantage is reinforced by China's travel.
Merger and purchase prices are reasonable and raise firm performance. The Chinese brigade announces that it intends to acquire 51% of the China-China tax-free shares held by the brigade group, 2,066 million yuan for the sea, plus p15x for the year 2019, and that the Chinese-China-based tour is currently the largest free retailer in the country.
Sea exempt companies own 51% shareholdings at Merland Seaport, Seaton and Jonglei duty-free shops, operate mainly on duty-free sales, covering, inter alia, the wholesale and retail distribution of duty-free goods such as tobacco, alcohol, perfume, etc.
Increased tax-exempt advantages, business synergies, and increased profitability. The acquisition of the Sea Free avoids major issues for the next three to six months: competition between the division and the controlling shareholders.
3 duty-free shops at Merland Airports in Haiguchi and Bozo City on the registration date of the meeting of the Shareholders ' Congress 2020-05-20, and M & A will facilitate the further acceleration of the Sea Tournament 2020-05-22 Shareholders ' Conference
In addition, after M&As, the company’s tax-exempt business has expanded and synergetic, with beneficial scale effects, increased brand bargaining power and an overall Mäori ratio.
The short-term exemption from taxes on the island is an important support for company performance, and the policy is expected to accelerate.
"New policy to accelerate duty-free shopping off-islands and promote tax-free sales by middle- and middle-groups throughout the year "
It also confirms our earlier view that, in order to promote tax-free domestic consumption, the policy of exempting China from taxes on offshore islands is expected to be prioritized, pending the relative stability of the global epidemic and further the policy of opening up domestic shops to the public.
As our tax-exempt regulations are gradually released, and as the city’s intra-market policy continues to advance, the potential of the domestic tax-free market remains enormous. Companies have a significant pre-eminence, with more than 80% of their share of domestic tax-exempt markets, and will benefit from overseas priority.
Corporate profitability projections and investment ratings: short-term industry disadvantages are expected to be largely released, long-term consumption returns are expected to remain the same, and it is recommended that low medium- and long-term layouts be done.
A source of financial prosperity in the East, a source of financial prosperity in the East, and a source of financial prosperity in the East.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports the China National Brigade (601888): the sea is safe from infusion and the island's advantage is reinforced.
Research in the areas of catering tourism, tax exemption and education.
The Hong Kong Unit’s consumption and strategy research experience, which currently covers the social services sector, focuses on educational training, human resources services, restaurants, and travel assistants’ own research views.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.