The reasons for this report are: the merger announcement, the merger waiver, the incorporation of listed companies, and the re-innovation of the stock market.
In the afternoon of 8 June, the company issued an announcement that 51% of the shares of the company had passed over the stock exchange and the business change process was completed, after which China’s Hong Kong All-China Sun company, Hainan’s operating headquarters, held 51% of the shares of the company. The company issued an announcement earlier to resolve the China Travel Group, which is a listed company and controlling shareholder.
In order to reduce cross-border competition, and to reduce the number of related transactions, the head office of the company's wholly-owned Sun Company, Hainan Transport Group, intends to purchase 51 per cent of the shares held by China Tourism Group in cash on a non-public agreement basis, at a transaction price of 2,065 million yuan.
South Province Tourism Investment Development Co. Ltd. holds 51% and 49% shares in the Sea Free Company, respectively. Sea exempts are injected into listed companies, and there are significant synergies.
The Division will be included in the corporate consolidated statements to further enhance the company ' s continued profitability, with the highest/minimum (in dollars) in-year:
The size of large companies’ duty-free operations off the island and the strategic positioning of the tax-exempt owners are highlighted.
Three tax-free shops are currently operating in Hainan Island, namely, Haiguchi Melanes Airport, Haiguchi Day Square, and Jonglei City.
It is the country’s first airport-to-island tax-free shop, and the country’s only tax-free shop with a provincial state-owned business concession. From a valuation point of view, the Sea Free is valued at $4,049 million in market terms and $3,972 million in earnings terms.
The net profit (+54%) is 345 million yuan, resulting in a net profit of 262 million yuan from the mother; in 2020q1, it was raised by 100 million yuan, corresponding to 15.4 per cent per year in 2019, and the trade price is within reasonable limits. The tax-exempt scheme continues to expand, and the tax-exempt leader status is further consolidated.
At the beginning of 2019, the company transferred 100% of the shares of China International Travel Agency General Ltd., a fully-owned subsidiary of the main travel agency, to China Tourism Group Ltd., and the public division no longer operates the travel agency, and the development strategy was refocused on duty-free tourism.
In March 2019, the China National Guard took over the Beijing Dae-hing International Airport from China.
A tax-free project, which successfully won the first bid for cigarettes, liquor, food and the second mark for flavouring, fine labels, opening a power trader, discounting a 10-year tax-free operating right to maintain the purchase heat segment; prior to that, the China-China exemption group had acquired Hong Kong International Airport.
2020-4-23) Smoking and alcohol section, Capital International Airport, International Zone t2, t3, Shanghai Pundong, Rainbow Bridge Airport International Zone, Chinese National Brigade (60188.sh)
The China Travel Group, a group of listed companies and shareholders, has begun to set up the Hainan Tourism Market.
On 11th of July, China and China joined the China Tourist Group in a ceremony to sign a contract for strategic cooperation between China and China.
The two sides will continue to consolidate and optimize the development of duty-free off-island operations and expand the tax-free market in the city of Sun Square.
Shanxi Securities Co. Ltd. operates in the area and category of goods, promoting the landing of the new off-island free shop project at San Phoenix Airport and further raising the level of consumption in Hainan Market.
Today's opening is followed by an innovative increase in the stock price of the country's brigades, up to $112 per share. The Hainan Free Trade and Port Construction General Program has landed, the policy of Hainan has been well-released, and the duty-free limit has been raised to $100,000 per person per year to promote tax-free exits from the island.
In the three parts of the “tax” (tax, customs, tourism), “part of the importer's zero duty” “enables duty-free purchases within the island” and “enhanced duty-free purchases up to $100,000 per person per year” are a powerful boost to the future consumption potential of the South China Sea.
Tax-free shop buy-backs or reduce the impact of the epidemic. Companies’ performance fluctuated considerably during the first quarter, and recently tax-free shops introduced such measures to compensate for the loss of performance.
Investment Recommendations: In the medium and long term, the tax-free sector remains a high-quality track for the leisure service industry, with a strong license plate \triangleright, an established upstream supply advantage, a multidirectional sales advantage over the market
In the future, attention will continue to be given to the possibility of easing the cost of moving out-of-island postage tax start-ups, the reduction in the number of items purchased and the expansion of the commodity category. Companies are expected to be exposed to macroeconomic fluctuations, overseas epidemics are not being controlled and expected risks are not being met, and residents’ consumption needs are not anticipated.
Risk: Risk of exchange rate fluctuations: policy drives less than expected risk. Practice attitude, independent and objective presentation of this report. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not received, nor will I receive, any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report.
The information available in the course of the profession and practice serves the self-interest of the individual or of another person.