Newtime newtimersecurities changed to China with a comprehensive strategic focus on duty-free operations
On June 18, the Board of Directors of the company announced that it had considered and adopted the Bill on Changes to the Abbreviation of Corporate Securities.
Change the acronym of corporate securities from “China’s National Tourism” to “China’s Middle East Free.” The change of name reflects the strategic direction of the company, which will focus in the future on a comprehensive tax-exempt industry. In recent years, in the context of the State’s policy of actively guiding and promoting the return of overseas consumption, companies have been able to purchase,
In 2019, companies generated 45.818 billion yuan in tax-exempt operations, representing 95.52 per cent of operating income, while the tax-exempt industry is becoming more prominent and the combination is increasing significantly.
Companies account for 85 per cent of the market share of tax-exempt industries in the country, leading in absolute terms. With tax-exempt operations at the lowest/highest (in dollar terms) per year: with high Maori and high growth characteristics, their development has contributed to a sustained and rapid growth in corporate performance in recent years.
A change of name reflects a corporate development strategy that focuses on tourism retailing, with tax exemptions at its core. We believe that, as the strategic direction becomes clearer, companies will continue to strengthen tax-free business development, enhance the global competitiveness of tax-exempt operations, and build the world’s leading tax-free companies.
In January 2019, the company transferred 100 per cent of its wholly-owned subsidiary of the Travel Service to the China Travel Group, the controlling shareholder, and in May 2020, the company proposed to acquire the controlling shares in cash of 2,065 million United States dollars.
So the issue of competition between the company and the controlling shareholders is resolved. At present, China has completed the registration process for the transfer of shares and the change of business.
As the development of the Hainan Freeport and the exemption from duty on the island are further relaxed, the benefits will continue to accrue, and the exemption from duty on the island will expand. • The policy dividend + the return of duty-free consumption is evident, and the company’s long-term growth logic is strong
In 2018, our residents purchased duty-free goods on a total scale of 180 billion yuan, which is 455 times the size of the domestic tax-free market (39.5 billion dollars).
The model is still small, and there is much room for tax-free consumption to return. We estimate that tax-free consumption returns are larger than the company’s long-term growth logic of 2020-06-1570 billion. This also augurs well for the high growth of the domestic tax-free sector.
The Hainan Free Trade Port Building Master Plan states that duty-free shopping will be significantly eased from the island, while the range of duty-free goods will be expanded, and the policy rules are expected to be in place in the near future. We believe that the logic of long-term corporate growth is solid under the combination of a combination of high growth in policy benefits and duty-free consumption.