China Travel (601888): Actively active in the epidemic, active on-line, long-term growth is still possible
In 2019, the China National Brigade earned 47.970 billion yuan/+2.0 per cent of its operating income; the mother's net profit amounted to 4.63 billion yuan/+49.6 per cent; and the Chinese National Brigade collected 7,644 million yuan/-44.2 per cent of its current tax-free retail sales, resulting in a net loss of 120 million yuan from the mother, compared to 2.31 billion yuan in the same period last year.
Businesses, whose operations are dominated by the sale of duty-free goods, are mainly covered by the company ' s focus on tax-free business development and steady growth of off-island operations after the completion of the National Hotel ' s stripping. 2019 Wholesales, retail, etc. of duty-free goods, including tobacco and alcohol, perfume, etc.
The annual tax-exempt operation of the company generated income of 45.8 billion yuan/+37.9 per cent, of which the tax-free city of Sanya collected 4,465 million yuan/+30.65 per cent throughout the year. The company attracted the flow of customers by means of marketing, among others, and raised the fees paid by visitors to clients. 29.7 per cent/+1.2 pct paid for shopping. The single price of the tax-exempt customer was the same as +2.6 per cent at the airport store in the capital city.
With the impact of the epidemic, tax-exempts have missed the industry’s season, but the logic of consumption returns remains unchanged from the long-term resilience of the industry. With regard to off-island tax exemptions, 26 days of closed shop lines in Hainan City in January/February, operations have gradually resumed.
On the airport front, the overseas epidemic has caused a significant reduction in international passenger flows, which has had a significant impact on airport operations, and the company is currently paying for airport rent at a base rent, which is a definite drag on its performance. The company has increased its online services through off-island repurchases, up-to-date mail, etc., to mitigate the impact of the epidemic.
The impact of the total equity/flowa unit (millions of shares). q1 3/3 of the turnover comes from the line, with revenue doubling; airports b/h units (millions of units)
Tax-exempt shops also operate duty-free online bookings for departures. At the same time, the company has created a new retail business department that integrates system information, such as membership, to prepare for future development.
It is expected that the policy on consumption and tax exemption for Hainan Island will be prioritized, that the cumulative and single level of exemption from the island will be adjusted upwards, and that the class of goods will be further expanded. At the end of 2019, Sanya International Free City launched Phase II, which will help to move away from the island.
In 2019, five of the company’s stores opened in the city’s cities, thus creating a complement to the port. The company is currently conducting site research in priority cities in order to prepare for the future, and the policy will open up new space for company growth.
The dominant company is still growing, maintaining its medium- and long-term “highly recommended” rating. The source of Eastern financial and intellectual growth, China National Travel (601888): active push-up operations under the epidemic, with long-term growth still within reach.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the report of East Hing Securities.
China Travel (601888): Active promotion of online operations under the epidemic. Long-term growth is still possible, including research in the areas of food tourism, tax exemptions and education.
A study assistant on consumption and strategy studies in the Hong Kong Unit currently conducts research in the social services sector, focusing on education training, human resources services, catering hotels, and travel analysts’ own research views.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice involved. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.