The growth in the harvest is expected to be mainly due to the increase in the ratio of car glass to the corresponding increase in the city.
During the high-value-added new product cycle, Fukuyo's car glassasp continued to rise. Foreign subsidiary Fuyo Glass United States Ltd. had assets equivalent to RMB 5,801 million on 30 June 2022, the first half of 2022.
The share of high-value-added products, such as panorama glass, modifiable glass, hud glass, increased by 3.3 pct, and the gas is expected to accelerate the increase in the asp.
1) To invest $650 million in U.S. S.A., to expand projects such as plating car glass, steeling, lacquered edge window production lines ($350 million), and to put in floating glass (two lines in a kiln),4 Foam Glass (600660.0sh) - cost of raw materials and RMB exchange rate tracking and sensitivity
(b) Strategic cooperation with the State Government of Zhengzhou in planning 500 acres for the implementation of the entire industrial chain layout (an expansion of three bases in one centre);
In August 2022, we started the civil works. We reported on the three-quarterly review of Qin Securities — Quixin Glass — 600660-2021: performance was robust.
The investment proposal is to maintain a profit forecast and a “buy-in” rating. As a global car glass tap, the company’s intelligence trend is to expect car glass to start a new cycle of capacity.
Volume (area) increases from 4 m to 6 m; 2) flat-metre value increases (plating, insulation, wrapping, hud, luminous, 5g communications, etc.) from $600 to over $2,000.
One hundred hundred and twenty-two million yuan in exchange losses during the same period of the previous year, and 1,873 million yuan in net repatriation profits (a 11.88 per cent increase over the total profit of 22h1): 509 million yuan in exchange gains over the reporting period, a total increase of 681 million yuan in profit; 2) exchange rate fluctuations in the renminbi, which affect a reduction of 55 million yuan in gross profit for the same period; and) pure alkali
The rise in prices, which affected total profits by $136 million on a year-on-year basis; 4) the rise in energy prices, which affected total profits by $87 million on a year-on-year basis; and 5) the rise in shipping costs, which affected total profits by $76 million on a year-on-year basis.
Questions and answers on the implementation of industry accounting standards adjusted to take into account exchange rate fluctuations in the renminbi, net base, energy and maritime transport costs, changing the related transport costs from those originally included in the current period to the same base amortization as those recognized for commercial goods or services income to operating costs, which will be solidised in relation to the production and processing of inventories
The cost of day-to-day repairs of assets has been changed from the cost originally charged to the current period to treatment in accordance with the principle of determining inventory costs. During the reporting period, the company prepared its financial statements in accordance with the above accounting policies, with adjustments to the financial statements for the same period of the previous year.
Rate fluctuations, the impact of higher prices for pure base, energy and maritime transport, which combined affect Māori rates by 2.75 ptt compared to 2.75 pct, of which 1) RMB exchange rate fluctuations affect Māori by 0.43 pct compared to the same rate, 2) PHLs affect Māori by 1.06 pct compared to the same rate, and 3) energy prices affect Māori by the same ratio.
Reduction of 0.67 pct; 4) maritime shipping costs affect Māori rates by 0.59 pct on a year-on-year basis. Changes have resulted in an incomparable pattern of cost rates, so we here adjust the rate to the provisions of the new accounting policy by 13.44 per cent, corresponding to 5.70 pc, with sales/management/financial/research and development cost rates respectively
The revenue from the raw exchange, the company ' s 2022h1 financial cost rate, has decreased significantly. For the break-up season, the company, with a comparable caliber, has been experiencing annual and quarterly growth fluctuations since the beginning of the year, which are broadly consistent with the domestic car market industry, where the growth rate in absolute terms has remained somewhat higher than in the industry, with the domestic automobile industry of 2022q2 being plagued.
In the context of the crisis, production fell by 9.43 per cent over the same period, by 1.04 per cent over the same year, and by 8.89 per cent over the same year for companies, showing a continuing over-industry performance. In the context of dismantling the subregion, the offshore subsidiary Fuyo Glass USA Ltd. (with a total daily assets equivalent to RMB 5,801 million, and income from business in the first half of 2022 equivalent to RMB 2,234 million)
In order to maintain a competitive advantage, companies are increasingly investing, and their R & D investment has grown from 155 million yuan in 2010 to 815 million yuan in 2020.
And 1.13% of San Goban. The company has set up smart innovation centres, created smart network innovation teams, quickly developed the doors, and made breakthroughs in core technology such as critical car glass formation processes and equipment, glass antennas, plating, photovoltaics, and developed light-quantified super-glasses, plating glass with heat, glass-up displays, and ultra-separation.
In response to the country's “middle carbon” and “carbon peaks”, Fukuyo actively introduced highly automated production lines in the manufacture of innovative products.
Research and development of innovation and technology leads to an increasing value-added of corporate glass products. Companies continue to push car glass towards “safe, energy-efficient, environment-friendly, fashion-friendly, intelligent integration” and smart skyscreen glass, scalable.
The share of high-value plus products such as light glass, glass with a head display, ultra-segregated glass, light-quantified super-slender glass, platable glass, etc. continues to rise, representing an increase of 3.31 pct over the same period in the previous year.
3.44%. In December 2021, the world's premier landscape-wide mountain tourism train was officially delineated in Hunanzhou. It is expected to be operational on Integrated Orbital Transport Line 1 in late 2022 in the Rigang city. The front window of the train was designed with a superb window, with a glass area of about 5.2m2, the largest currently size.
In addition to the traffic front window products, the side window of the train uses electric colourable glass. Figure 13: Unit cost of Fukuyo car glass ($/m2) Figure 14: official downline of the world ' s first all-landed mountain travel train
In March 2022, Fukuyo Group and Tsinghua University jointly set up an Internet Research Centre for Smart Industries to bring industrial output into the “digital pre-eminence” phase, a model that will significantly improve design efficiency, reduce efficiency gains, and enhance the intellectual manufacturing capabilities of the business.
The only product currently authenticated with front glass through the antcs and middle car studies is the car glass that makes the car's glass more intelligent.
Fukuyo and Qinghua University jointly set up the Center for Research on the Internet in the Smart Industry to look forward to the future with Hud (the popular meb/the Great Wall's new platform, etc.), full glass roofs (Tesra, Peng, etc.), and the use of light glass as a representative, with an increase in the automobile glass industry in the context of electric intelligence.asp
Quick. We believe that light glass with its insulation, sound insulation, entertainment, safety, etc., will give the pan-scenes glass more functionality. The light glass product is fully configured and supplied to the mainstream, the brand-owned electric smart car. At present, the light glass product can be divided into pdlc light glass, the heat of color transformation.

With low fog, automatic transfer of intelligence sensors, insulation of UV, etc., and with optical game ec electro-continuing colour technology to achieve a gradient of color modulus light in polar helium 001, wide gas aionsplus, Biadi seals, etc., Figure 17: Freepdlc modulation + plating panorama
Figure 18: Biadi seals carrying ec-moderated +low-e panorama boosters to start a new cycle of expansion of productive capacity. In 10,000 cases, US production capacity is 5.5 million (15% of R & D capacity) and Russian production capacity is 1.3 million based.
The company announces that it will continue to expand car glass capacity in the US, Chengzhou, and Fuqing. The company’s floating glass production base currently covers the US, with 1.35 million tons of domestic capacity and 260,000 tons of American capacity.
On August 30, Foyoshi Industries Group, Inc., issued a bulletin on increasing investment in the fully-owned subsidiary Fyobo USA Ltd. and its subsidiaries, and Fukuyo intends to invest $65 million in the fully-owned subsidiary, the United States plus, of which $30 million is for investment in the plating car glass of the United States.
Projects such as production lines, steeled laminates and windows; an additional $35 million from the United States of America was used to invest additionally in its subsidiary Foyo Illinois and to invest in the construction of two kiln lines (the floating platinum production line), four solar backboard glass deep processing production lines, plant and supporting infrastructure projects.
On August 30, Fukuyo issued the " Proclamation of Fukuoka Glass Industries Group, Inc. on the signing of a strategic cooperation agreement between the company and Chengzhou City Administration " , whereby the Chengzhou City People ' s Government will plan a land size of about 500 acres for the company ' s development needs at the South Park Park in Chengzhou.
(a) Establishment of multi-purpose vehicle glass and new technology research and development centres for new energy vehicles and customers;
The Chengzhou Production Base has been built into one of the regional, national and global distribution glass bases for post-sale accessories, expanding the market base; 3) new aluminium accessories are expected to be added in the future; 4) the fully-owned subsidiary Zhengzhou Fyo Po Ltd. has been used as a full complement of car glass (including steel, plating, mold production, etc.)
On 30 August, Fukuyo launched the " Voluntary Disclosure of Increased Investment in Full Financial Resources " , an increase of RMB 600 million in the company ' s investment in Fukugi ' s car glass for projects such as plating, car glass production lines, steeled windows, etc., which took place in Fukugi in June 2021.
The Directorate of Municipal Development and Reform (DARC) has filed its report and began construction in August 2022. We believe that the expansion is expected to open a new cycle of capacity, and that the company’s global city share of the car glass industry is expected to continue to rise with the expansion signal.
Investment recommendations: A global champion glass on a high-quality track is recommended on a continuous basis, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. In the context of motor intelligence, industry opportunities revolve around 1) incremental/upgraded parts; 2) autonomous rise product chains are developed along two main lines.
One third of the surface of the vehicle, surrounding the crew, was upgraded around front-hudization, top-of-the-scenes, and in the medium term, the light glass is expected to permeate to the end of the car's ecological application, which, according to the output carrier (volume of information outside the control screen), has a very large growth space (one-car value from)
With China's automobile industry growing for many years, with great focus and cost control, it has grown into a global car glass tap (31% of the city), with far greater profitability than a global competitor. Short-term dimensions, 2022
In the context of rising corporate performance, high growth is expected; in the medium term, the company ' s increased capacity in North America, China and Fuching, among others, is expected to open a new cycle of productive capacity; in the long term, the company ' s intelligence trend as the global engine of car glass operations is expected to continue to rise.
Car glass is expected to increase from 1 car glass (area) from 4 square metres to 6 square metres; 2) flat rice value (plating, insulation, wrapping, hud, luminous, 5g communications, etc.) from 600 to more than 2,000 dollars. With car glass, net connection, the industry is expected to accelerate.
In the early period, the company ' s equity prices were reversed due to factors such as car cores, epidemics, etc., and the current security margins are high; in the medium term, with the outbreak and supply chain pressure reduced, the company is expected to become a relatively strong (continuously beyond the industry) base of the car plate; and in the long term, the characteristics of industry growth after the logic of upgrading have become apparent, with increased production.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject