Fukuokalassindustrygroup (600660/ch) Handover coverage: deep-deep-cultivateinthefielddofautotivegrads, sitfirmlyintheindustryleader:transferringcoverage
The view focuses on investmentfocus (pleaseeappendix1forenglichsummary) better than the big city maintinoutperform
After more than 30 years of development, the company outperform has become a large cross-group focused on car safety glass. It is already in China’s 16 provinces and cities, as well as in the United States, Russia, Germany, Japan, Japan.
In 11 countries and regions, such as Korea, modern production bases and businesses have been established, and six design centres have been set up in China, Germany, with around 27,000 employees worldwide.
MSciesg Ratings The certification and selection of well-known car manufacturers and major car manufacturers to provide global oem support services and complete car glass solutions.
Rmb96.49bn/us$14.27bn Deep-farmed car glass industry, with 40 million car glass units. The current glitter glass product matrix includes: smart skyscreen glass, head-up display of glass
(hud, luminous glass, aluminium accessories, etc.). Every year, there are more than 180 million glass units installed in new cars and more than 15 million glass units sold in the maintenance services market.
The value of glass income as a proportion of total income is 91%.
The push has led to an increase in the self-supply rate of the company's floating glass. The floating glass has enabled the company to control the size of each car-grade floating glass, with a higher rate of discretion and a faster adjustment than the competitors; and has saved the external procurement of the floating glass.
Trade concessions have reduced the cost implications of changing supply and demand for floating glass markets; furthermore, vertical integration has made companies more able to negotiate raw materials such as silicon sands. High R&D inputs have laid the foundation for high-value-added product development.
The company’s high focus on R & D has led to an acceleration in the value-added of corporate products and a rising value-added of automobile glass products. The company’s R & D rate was 4.22% in 2021.
yijiewu yuntaojin