Revenues and net profits have increased steadily, and the performance of M&A assets has been steady throughout the year.
Long-term competitiveness rating: higher than industry average 3-quarter reports from companies that achieved operating income of $7.162 billion in the first three quarters, 7.49 per cent increase in the same year, $861 million in net profits, 12.11 per cent increase in the same year.
With the net effect of income tax relief, corporate q3 income and total profits have increased at a smooth rate. 2017q3, corporate operating income increased by 7.49 per cent over the year, and relative income growth of q1 and q2 was faster. Total corporate profits increased by 15.16 per cent in the first three quarters of 2017, and by 15.16 per cent in the first quarter of the first quarter of the year.
1. National Electric Swe Tracking Report - Income Tax Credits for Software Production Enterprises from the eight hotspots of interest to the market, resulting in a 22 million - 2400 reduction in corporate income tax payments on a year-on-year basis.
Ten thousand, 79.2 per cent less than the same year, while corporate q3 paid income tax to 76.51 million, an increase of 185.29 per cent. So if the impact of lower net profits is deducted from income tax, we believe that corporate q3 operations will remain stable, with total profits increasing by 12.32 per cent compared to total q2 profits.
1.5 pct. The increase in total profit margin q2 is due mainly to the continued rise in the Māori ratio. The company ' s q3 Māori ratio reached 28.77%, the highest rate in nearly nine quarters, the ring q2 Mār. Major asset restructuring has been approved by the CSRC, and the increase in the M&A assets is expected to exceed the profit margin in 2017.
According to the company announcement, the proportion of total annual forecast of net profit on M & A assets completed in January-September was 46.25 per cent, 1) the total annual profit forecast for 2017 for the company with the largest net profit volume was 1.903 billion, 2)) in terms of progress in net profit completion, Pritt high pressure, IEC, Pry Engineering, Prytech.
For priority companies, the net profit completion rate is much higher than 46.25 per cent, which is the average value of the acquisition of assets).) In terms of hand orders, ICT, Prytech, Prey Engineering, Nanry Group, the principal operating assets and liabilities orders are adequate and the revenue forecast has been completed ahead of schedule.
The main power grid automation industry is growing faster, and it is the main driving force behind the company’s revenue increase. In the first half of this year, the country’s network automation bid has surpassed its record high in all of 2015, Nanxie.
As an automated appliance company, the market-dispersed network terminal was ranked first by more than 10 per cent, while the bid in the 29 main stations with a value of 10 million grades was already over 50 per cent (15 in Nanjing, 13 in Kodong, 6 in Nan Swe and 2 in China).
National grid automation is still low, and we predict that by 2020, grid automation will be in a state of flux. The power automation market is the largest segment of grid automation, and the Nanxia sector accounts for the largest segment of the market, with the first four tenders for grid automation this year, reaching the sixth of 2015.
At least 10% of the year's increase, while the share of the winning share of the electrical and national electricity has increased since this year, we judge that Nanse is a relatively fast-growing source of electricity automation revenue this year. In the future, the grid will need to be built, and the grid will need to be automated better.
With technological convergence, the technology and scale of the conversion plant automation is expected to continue to increase, and the market is still in demand for some of the technologies that are automated with the grid and for the upgrading of the conversion technology programme, and on this basis we believe that the conversion automation will continue to grow steadily in the future.
In 2017, in addition to an increase in the share of grid automation, the company's bid-market spot trading system in the area of grid automation (the first in the country), the new generation of power distribution automation systems, the Suzhou active distribution grid, the Shenzhen metering main station system, and the adaptation of the provincial movement control automation system
The industry, represented by orbital traffic, has grown rapidly and is expected to make a sustained contribution in the future. Companies have been in an advantage in the area of on-orbit monitoring and automation, while companies have expanded their track significantly in recent years.
The company is now actively applying for licenses for the relevant sectors of the system, and the product itself has marketable applications in the segment segment segment of the system.
With the performance of the system, it is possible to move quickly beyond the old pattern of competition through a system of business partnerships. In addition, in the first half of the year, the company has won a mastery system for many cities, including Ningbo, and has taken over the Beijing Swallow Line Asset Management Information System.
In the area of integration of integrated and fully automated systems and platform equipment for transport management, track information and transport operations, taking into account the reorganization of assets, it is expected that the South Swe industry's controlled operating income will be on a par with the prospect of attaining the target of $112 billion in investments in engineering, with companies performing as lead firms in monitoring automation.
The process of internationalization is advancing, and direct transmission of electricity is expected to contribute to rapid growth in overseas performance. In June 2017, a working group of Nanxie Group and the Global Energy Internet Research Institute defeated European rivals such as Siemens and Alston, marking the United Kingdom's Shitencho project.
Soft performance has received attention, and in the past, Nanxi has been recognized by the UK as a technologically leading and professional company, and international market operations have been steadily advancing. The country’s overseas operations are relatively weak, but in recent years they have also been accelerating international certification of products, market layouts, and trajectories.
In the first half of the year, international projects such as the Indian Dry Slag, the Indonesian Ash removal, the Philippine and Thai transformer Power Stations Second Packages, and the Lao Network Movement Control Project are responding to national calls to actively promote the development of relevant markets along the "one way" strategy. In the future, we believe that direct transmission of electricity (including softness) may be the first to obtain.
It is widely accepted in international markets that the growth in overseas income supports a 50% annual growth rate. Listed companies’ main power grid automation industry is growing robustly, and we expect listed companies to have 21xpe in the public sector from 2017 to 2019.
Underinvestment in the grid is not as expected, asset restructuring is not as fast as expected, and companies are operating abroad are not as fast as expected.
The long-term competitiveness rating focuses on the fundamentals of the enterprise and assesses the overall competitiveness of the company over the next two years as compared with the average value of the listed company in the industry.
Within the optimized market rate of the industry, after deducting all lost shares in the industry, prior years were calculated by dividing the total market value of the closing stock at the end of the year with the total net profit of the current year ' s shares, and the total market value of the closing stock at the date of the submission of the report with the total net profit of the previous year.