The company has been notified by the SEC that the company issues shares and pays cash for the purchase of assets and collects the supporting funds and associated transactions.
Following the adoption of the CSRC Merger and Purchase Reorganization Committee, the reorganization was made accessible, and the company’s current issue of shares and cash payments for the purchase of assets and the collection of supporting funds and associated transactions has been approved by various government departments, such as the National Finance Committee and the Ministry of Commerce.
As an electric software company, there is a great deal of expansion in the company’s operations. The company’s current operations are mainly movement control automation, conversion station automation, orbital transport automation and distribution automation, and the injection of assets includes various operations such as electrical information communication, conversion station automation, relay protection automation, industrial automation, electrical electronics.
The Division’s research and development and production experience in electricity software can easily be replicated outside the electricity system. After the asset injection, the expansion of the company’s off-grid operations is highly technological.
The country currently has a low share of investment in the network and is lagging behind in the level of network automation. With the demand for new energy vehicles, power replacements, and electricity demand, there is a potential for a significant increase in investment in the network, especially network automation.
Unlike one facility, the electricity secondary equipment replacement cycle is short, and the next 2-3 years, the 11th and 12th pre-five systems are facing the need for upgrades. The company’s business will continue to grow in the coming years.
In the “big cloud” environment, national electricity grid companies need to use big data, cloud computing, networks, and mobile technology in areas such as business management, public services, and production control. According to foreign companies, 2015-2016 is the pilot phase, with 2017-2018 being the extension phase, which will be fully improved in 2020.
With the growth in the size of new sources of energy, especially distributed energy, and the continued growth of new power sources, such as new energy vehicles, remote transmission of the grid, security, and stable control will face increasing challenges, and technologies such as flexible direct transmission, collusiveness, and incompetence will be increasingly applied to the grid. Nanxiu, Prey Engineering, Prey Science and Technology are the most competitive firms in this area.
▪ The valuation has an advantage by giving a “buy-in” rating, based on the company's projection of the profits to be gained from the proposed injection of assets (with compensation for the performance of the shareholders concerned if the actual performance falls below this value) and our projections of the profits to be earned in the light of the development of the country's current operations in Energian Swe, taking into account the asset injections and the increase in the total equity of the secondary market, the company's total share was ps 0.84 for the period 2017-2019,
The above performance and eps measurements are the bottom and most conservative algorithms, and since actual performance is highly likely to be higher than this profit forecast and the company’s share price is already higher than the measured increase in the base price, the increase in equity in the secondary market may be lower than the measured value.
Mid-Year Review: Performance meets expectations, re-launching of the second tap - 2017-07-30 Author's assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels, analytical logic based on his professional understanding, reasonable judgement and conclusion, and objective and fair