Shandong Gold (600547).
The company’s semi-annual report for 2019 was published. The company’s revenue was 31,195 million yuan.
The company has a significant resource and output advantage: the company owns 1024.3 tons of gold and metal reserves and 30 tons of prospecting rights. The company’s gold reserves are the second largest in the country and the largest in the country.
The scale of mineral gold production has continued to grow in many of the mountain gold mines, the Xinnan gold mines and the flat-digging gold mines, but production has been divided internally and externally: company h1 mineral gold production + 5.8 per cent Large and medium-sized mines, both within and outside the country, and corporate ownership.
The first ton-scale smelting plant in the country, with tons - 4.7 per cent, and the company ' s H1 gold production, which accounts for 13.3 per cent of the country ' s total supply of gold, varies from one company to another, mainly in relation to the processing of minerals, the recovery rate of smelting and the differentiation of ore grades.
Mineral selection + 8.7 to 7.57 million tons, smelting recovery rate of 91.9 per cent, ore grade of 2.21g/t; and offshore production contribution from Belladro (h1, with a total production interest of 9.02 tons, about 4.1 tons). 3 fees + 9.02 to 1,382 million.
The same-year increase of $165 million due to higher employee remuneration and higher R & D inputs was the main cause of the three-fee increase; however, the financial costs fell by 0.533 million as a result of lower interest on borrowings by subsidiaries. In addition, company h1 received $228 million in long-term equity investment gains from joint ventures.
The increase of $129 million to $261 million in gold is due mainly to the inclusion of 120 million yuan in Argentine export tariffs. Berra de Rocano’s production costs are unlikely to fall effectively: according to mf and gpg analysis, the cash cost of Barik’s 19q2 shareholders has risen to $128.1 per ounce, an increase of almost 9.4 per cent over 18q4; consideration is given to the same period last year.
The cost of sales in Belladro has reached $1352 per ounce, and despite an increase in the recovery rate of the smelting options, the double drop in the grade and leaching volume of the pile means that Belladro costs or maintains $1350 per ounce. The company’s industrial chain has expanded, and mineral gold production is expected to increase: the company buys 100% of the stock in mountain gold.
In addition, in view of the expansion of the company ' s gold mine by 8,000 tons per day, the expansion of the gold mine by 6,000 tons, the construction of the new city gold mine by 8,000 tons per day, and the completion of projects such as the renovation of the company ' s gold mine in San Francisco,
The rise in gold prices drove the company to release its profits in 19 years: domestic base prices have increased by 26.6% over the year, leaving a price of $1,600 for the year, considering the continuation of the gold hedges, liquidity premiums and exchange rate premiums, and the continuation of central bank purchases. We have prepared to combine the price of gold with the price of the company’s shares.
The source of the financial boom in the east, the source of the financial boom in the east, the source of the boom in the east, the source of the financial boom in the east.
In 2016, he invested in the Tianyang Real Estate industry.
9 years of experience in financial derivatives research, investment and team management, formerly at the East Hing Futures Investment Council.
Chief Executive Officer, Non-ferrous Metals, Futures and Quantities Strategy Group; former investment manager, Quantified Nobu Yong Fong Dong-hing Asset Management Programme. Second prize for joint research on futures options, China Financial Futures Exchange (CIFE) and third prize for joint research on futures; and Chinese gold for futures.
The shares refer to options for a competition for market simulations. Authors of futures weather for Anteco, China Metals Bulletin, Economic Reference Journal. 2018 analyst's own research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to specific recommendations or views in this report.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports Shandong Gold (600547): Strong gold prices will help the company continue to grow in performance.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.