The price of gold has risen significantly, with a year-round positive performance - the company announced on the night of August 29th, 2019, half-yearly, that the company had raised its revenues by $31,195 million.
19.89 per cent; net profit attributable to the mother, $665 million, an increase of 8.58 per cent; and eps.0.3 dollars. Outsourcing operations have significantly increased the Māori rate, with mineral gold contributing the main Māori company, 2019h1, a combined Māori rate of 8.6 per cent, a decline of 0.77 ptt from the same period.
The continued expansion has delayed the Māori rate, with out-of-pocket purchases earning 24.2 billion yuan (+61 per cent) in the first half of the year and a Māori rate of 0.18 per cent. Mineral gold operations have remained stable, yielding 20.51 tons (+5.77 per cent) and revenue growth of 8 per cent over the year, bringing Māori contributions to 96 per cent; >The fee rate has remained stable overall and financial costs are expected to decline further. >
With the issuance of green bonds, with net issuance of $999 million and interest rate of 3.85 per cent, which is significantly lower than the interest rate of the prior issue, financial costs are expected to decline gradually. Gold prices are entering the long-term up-to-date cycle, and performance gains from the higher prices will be reflected in the second half of the year.
\triangleright Current U.S. confirmation of interest-relief cycles, \tips closing into negative zones, long-term upscaling gold prices; at the same time, from a risk perspective, some national exchange rates are under greater downward pressure, and multinational negative interest rates will support the configuration price of gold.
The annual exchange loss and the acquisition of the Belladro mine will result in a significant increase in financial costs, with the projected 2019 Belladro fees Research Assistant: Xuesiaoyang
With a view to gradual digestion, the recommended rating is maintained. Production and sales are below expectations: gold prices are falling sharply: overseas mines are below expectations. 2. Shandong gold (600547), which is reported on a quarterly basis: performance is overstretched
Xue Shayang, Bachelor of Actuarials and Master of Financial Mathematics, University of Monash, Australia, in non-ferrous metal industry and corporate research, author with a qualification or considerable professional competence in portfolio investment consultancy, awarded by the Chinese Securities Association, and data used in the report are derived from compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,