Material and materials: Reverse growth in production, mining operations kept steady for the semi-annual review of 2019; semi-annual reports from Shandong gold, which generated $31,195 million in revenues from 209h1, a year-on-year increase.
19.89 per cent; net return of 665 million was achieved, an increase of 8.58 per cent in the same year.1 Low Maori business revenues expanded significantly: record income reached 205.4 million yuan in the first quarter of the second quarter, and ring and year-on-year increases reached 94 per cent and 73.6 per cent respectively.
The growth was mainly due to the expansion of the low-morigin alloys business, and as the gold price went up, the demand for downstream processing recovered considerably. Since the alloys earned only a small amount of processing fees, the average Māori ratio was 0.18 per cent in the first half of the year, and even in the last few years.
The above-mentioned Māori rate, but the low Māori alloys operation has reduced the overall Māori rate to 8.6 per cent, and the overall business performance has been robust, with income growth of nearly 8 per cent over the year, and Māori growth of more than 14 per cent, mainly one gross equity/flow (millions of shares)
On the one hand, gold prices rose by 5.6 per cent in the first half of the year, and on the other hand, gold production in the first half of the year, total market value/flow (millions of dollars) tons, a decline of 4.78 per cent in the same year.
This is particularly true in the face of a reverse expansion of production, and a decline in the taste of the whole of the primary mine (mainly the overall taste of the overseas Beradero gold mine).3 The robustness of the gold is its greatest investment value under the expectation of a steady rise:
In a global wave of interest-reductions, demand for hedged assets has recovered significantly; the fall of the dollar index and the fall in real returns may be parallel, and the rise in gold prices may be more than anticipated. As industry leaders, the public sector has maintained a robust profit-contribution profile of about 95% of the gold business.
The most important investment value of the period is in the event of an upward trend in gold and possibly exceeding expectations.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.