The long-term confidence is highlighted by the ongoing roll-out of the Staff Holdings and the Incentives: The Hair Thinkers released the 2021-2025 a+h Unit Holdings Plan, the Shareholding Scheme Personnel Package, Heir Thinkers (600690).
Including directors, supervisors, executives, company and subsidiary core technical (operational) personnel, of whom a shareholding plan does not exceed 1599 and h shareholding plan does not exceed 35.
\triangleright Practice No.: $1500520070002 net return profit (excluded from sale of Caos) increased by more than 26% in favour of the holder
14.4% – 18%, with MEC determining the attribution ratio; if less than 14.4% do not, the test targets show that the company is expected to develop and “one person alone” motivates the employee to innovate. Under 21-year holdings, the holder gets full ownership, and if the sale proceeds of Caos are not eliminated, it is possible to achieve full attribution.
The minimum rate of growth is 7.48/10.51% for the same year, and is not attributable if the net profit of the parent is less than 115/1245 million, respectively. The linkage of performance targets to the employee holding scheme is conducive to the full motivation of the employee, the motivation of the employee to create value for the user, and the realization of the "one person-to-one" public.
The employee holding scheme involves 1587 core technical (operational) personnel from companies and subsidiaries in 21 years.
657 million yuan (92.91 per cent),h large-scale equity incentives by core managers other than directors, executives and other core staff members are conducive to the binding of corporate and employee interests and to the sustainable development of the company; and well-developed employee-ownership incentives are conducive to attracting entrepreneurial teams and people
The company issued four employee holdings plans, the first requiring 16/17 years of non-net profits to cover 10.15% of the increase in the same year.
Full-scale, third-phase non-net profit of 18/19 is equal to a 17-year increase of 10.21%, sometimes by wind (20210525), the mature layout overseas accelerates operations, and the three-wing birds drive intelligent people.
The parallel two-line layout of the global market \triangleright local industry flagship, which, after many years of integrated co-development, has led to a significant increase in the size and profitability of the company's overseas market; and the launch of the scene brand, the Three-Four Birds.
Sinda Securities Inc. is another initiative of the company's wisers after Casati and is expected to become corporate business in the future.
New aids; the share of the domestic high-end household electricity market is rising, and Casati is entering harvest as a national high-end brand, building number 1 of the 9th House of the City of the West Side of Beijing. In the long run, the company is able to grow sustainably, and this time its employees are holding shares.
It also reflects the firm’s confidence in its long-term development. Profit forecasts and investment ratings: we expect the company to earn \triangleright for 21-23 years.
Two-degree M.A. in Fusion & Management, less than expected, less widespread distribution of tp-link/scenario products, high exchange rate fluctuations, recurrent overseas epidemics leading to inadequate export demand.
In July 2020, the CSRC joined the CSRC in its research component in the domestic electricity industry, which has not been relevant, has not been relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report. Sinda Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications of the CSRC-resumed securities investment advisory business.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.