2021q1 with excellent performance, high-end brands improving profitability, Heil Jijik (600690), a review of the 2021 quarterly report, 30 April 2021
Events: The company published a quarterly report in 2021, and in 2021 q1 it achieved a gross operating income of $54.774 billion, and in 2021 q1 Wei Hongmei performed well, with supermarket expectations.
In addition to last year ' s lower base of q1 affected by the new crown epidemic, the growth in corporate performance benefited mainly from smart sales packages, Kassati ' s high-end branding strategy, and digitalized landings.
At the revenue-side, both domestic and foreign, the performance was better. 1 Domestic: q1 domestic revenue grew by 55.7% in 2021 (disclosing the effects of Caos), with Casati’s sales revenue increasing by 80%.
The company speeds up sales through digital tools, making business more efficient; builds landscape eco-brands and enhances user experience, starting with user needs; increases sales through smart sales packages, with domestic sales revenue from domestic air conditioning increasing by 128 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
On the one hand, companies have increased their income from high-end products by more than 40%, based on household demand for antibacterial, health, and intelligent products; on the other hand, companies have accelerated the integration of all channels on and below the line, with multiple platforms for short video operations.
kol influenced by the fact that 12 million social media fans had been attracted by the end of March of this year. At the profit end, corporate profitability increased. q1 ' s Māori rate was 28.5% in 2021, an increase of 1 percentage point.
Structural, streamlined sku, improved manufacturing efficiency, etc. The net interest rate on company q1 sales was 5.65% in 2021, an increase of 2.5 percentage points in the same year, and the profit level improved, with cost rates for the period reaching 14.3%, a decrease of 0.7 percentage points in the same year.
The reason is that the company’s digital platform is active, resulting in a 1 percentage point drop in sales costs in the Chinese market on a year-on-year basis, while companies are actively building an information system in overseas markets to optimize operational efficiency. The epidemic has led to an increase in concentration in the home power sector, with companies upgrading their positions based on branding and quality advantages.
The company’s main products, refrigerators and washing machines, are at the forefront of the domestic market. q1, 2021 (+2pt). For the high-end kasati, the net income of Casati was $8.7 billion in 2020, an increase of 17 per cent compared to the same year, with a 35 per cent increase of q4 in 2020.
Last year q1 performance was heavily affected by the epidemic, and now the under-line shop has largely returned to normal, and q1 is expected to grow faster this year. After years of sedimentation, Casati has become a home-grown high-end brand with an ice market of 13.2%, just after Haile, and in a high-end market of $15,000 or more, Kassa.
With the advantage of high-end brands, the future growth of Casati’s business is expected to boost the company’s overall profit level. Investment advice: companies are one of the domestic white power poles, well-developed overseas channels, and sales are on the rise, both at home and abroad.
The “market index” of this rating system is based on 300 indexes of depth. I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association to produce this report in a diligent and professional manner, independently and objectively and to the extent that I know it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the company’s relevant business sectors, issuers, listed companies, etc.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report.