A new round of core employee holdings is on the agenda.
According to the company announcement, equity interests in the subject of the 2021 equity plan are assigned to the holder in two instalments.
25 May 2021 26% (excluded from the sale of 54.40% of Caos ' shareholdings, with the same result) and all 40% of the equity interest in the shareholding plan was attributed to the holder: the parent ' s net profit in 2022 was more complex than in 2020.
If the growth rate is no less than 18%, the shareholdings are assigned 60% of the equity interest that is the subject of the plan.
It helps to improve the corporate governance architecture and enhance corporate and shareholder values. December’s highest price ($) drives employee innovation by “one person, one person,” a firm that believes in a “single” for a “person,” a member.
In December, the lowest price ($) goes to the partner, and the company fully implements its employee-share plan. On the one hand, it fully mobilizes the workforce, taps the potential of the workforce, drives the workforce to take on strategic corporate development goals, and motivates the workforce to become a user.
Generating value and improving the competitiveness of companies; on the other hand, the different duration of the employee holding scheme is conducive to Hale's wisdom and to further synergetic integration after the company's shares are on the market and to improving the efficiency of the company's operations.
The company has become global, and has been active in promoting an intelligent family branding strategy. Over the years, the company has been actively expanding in the international market, using a parallel model between Haile and the local brands, and the company’s top brands have been brands such as Haile, Casati, Leader, aqua, Candy, and others.
Division revenue grew by 4.5 per cent on a year-on-year basis, including 8.6 per cent on a year-on-year basis and 38.2 per cent on a year-on-year basis for 2021q1 companies, with 24.6 per cent on a year-on-year basis (disclosing the impact of corporate logistics and Casscades operations).
In addition, the company actively promoted the smart family eco-branding strategy. In 2020, the company responded to the trend of landscape change by creating its first three-wing brand, which provided consumers with a higher profile.
An investment proposal: the company is one of the leading white power poles in the country, with improved overseas channels, increased sales both within and outside the country. Good, and the three-winged birding business is expected to be a new profit growth point for the company.
Risks; risk of exchange rate movements; risk of policy changes, etc. The rating system's “market index” refers to 300 indexes of depth.
This report is produced with knowledge. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.