Shinjishan testimony, Hale Jishu (600,690.sh) The high-end strategy of the company has been very effective, and the use of intelligent family scenes continues to pervade.
In 2020, the company achieved income of $20.9726 billion, an increase of 4.46 per cent, resulting in a net profit for the mother \triangleright
The operations are divided into several major modules, such as feeding, clothing, air, water, etc.: 1) highest/lowest domestic ice in the year: 34.393 billion yuan in revenue in the box industry, a 5 per cent increase over the year; share of retail sales on/under line
By contrast, in 2020, with the advantage of global supply chains, companies increased their exports of refrigerators by nearly 60%. 2) Retail sales of washing machines have been the number one worldwide for 12 consecutive years, with market sales accounting for the company’s high-end strategy. The company’s Māori ratio was 29.68% in 2020, compared to the same rate.
Declines 0.15 pct. With continued industrial warming in the second half of the year, high-end products are being optimized in domestic and foreign markets, changes in the company ' s Māori rate in the second half of the year have been reversed and increased by cfa.
0.46 pct, which narrows the company’s overall Māori rate. Casati’s share of corporate revenue continued to rise, reaching a net revenue of $8.7 billion that year, an increase of 17 per cent, of which q4 increased by 35 per cent; and, at a price of >10,000, the market share of Casatian refrigerators rose by 37 per cent.
Trade Center, 69 West Street, Taiwon City, 28th floor 5.4pct. Casati's revenue increased by 79%, with four consecutive months doubling in September-December.
Long. Casati's share under the domestic line is 12.2%, an increase of 3 pct over the same period. The air conditioner at the international center of Casati has grown by 27% through a large array of products; it's a market share in the price segment of >15,000 yuan.
Shanxi Securities Inc. actively connects online and promotes continuous integration of platforms. The company enhances the brand layout of the power channel, deepens the integration of the entire channel with the help of the wise man. At the same time, it integrates home-loading companies and others.
In September 2020, the company launched a brand-new three-wing bird to provide users with a home-of-the-scenes solution, using Hale Jipp as a digital vehicle to create a cloud platform of experience through online content, user services and high-frequency interactions, including live broadcasts.
On the same day, 546 per cent increased, with 24.8 million people living a month, an increase of 803 per cent. Through the wise man's app, enabling stores were achieved, 30,000 underline shops were upgraded, users were upgraded to go online, overseas businesses were growing. In 2020, companies continued to operate locally, and the boom was positive.
\triangleright achieved a reverse growth in response to market demand. Overseas sales revenue of $10,135 billion, an increase of 8.6%, operating profits of $4 billion, an increase of 26.79%, compared to 26,79%.
In North America, sales revenue increased by 10% to $63.7 billion, with high-end brands growing by more than 30%. The European market generated $16.5 billion, an 8.7% increase over the same period, and responded to market demands for the introduction of large-capacity refrigeration appliances, fungicide washing machines, smart cookers and 56°C air conditioning.
Market demand has slowed, real estate policy has continued to tighten, prices of raw materials have fluctuated, industry attitudes and the present report has been produced independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I am not, nor will I be, directly or indirectly compensated for the specific recommendations or opinions in this report. I promise not to take advantage of my identity or position.
or the information available in the course of his or her profession serves his or her own personal interests or those of others.