The results of the multi-sector market expansion have come to light, with semi-conductors showing a rejuvenation.
10,1278 million yuan, an increase of 8.45 per cent in the same year; a net return profit of 3,247 million yuan, with growth > the global semiconductor showing a strong headline and a steady increase in the volume of soft-led shipments. In the first half of 2025, companies continued to consolidate semiconductors to show a leading field, and the product structure in the lcd area continued to optimize.
High-end flagship products have made steady breakthroughs; soft-led products have increased further, creating multi-brand start-up products. While companies have achieved a sustained lead in their business, other business modules of the “1+4+n+Ethic Chain” development architecture have been highlighted under the “Screen of Screen” development strategy.
During the first half of 2025, the telepathic business, mled, and the intelligent medicine industry grew 6.03% each year, maintaining innovation, with the results of market expansion occurring separately. In the first half of 2025, the company insisted on Lee Shaoji.
Innovative developments, with the results of market expansion emerging by segment: smart terminals accelerating overseas layout, Viet Nam ' s smart terminal II project producing in advance; mled ' s ongoing market expansion; backlight operations leading to multiple head brands imports; glass-based advanced boarding pilot line building accelerating progress; and Suzhou ' s multi-model product realization
In terms of patents, companies continue to strengthen their high-quality specializations.
Remark: The panel shows a strong leader and a significant change in profitability.
2. Kyodonga (000725.sz) 2023 Annual Report Review: The opening of a new order in the lcd industry, with a global display of diversity and diversity 2024/04/02
With the arrival of three seasons, panel supply is expected to recover simultaneously, and the global market of lcdtv maintains a dynamic balance in the price game. According to a group of intellectuals, the demand side is now entering the year's booming “bust outpost” and the entire plant's commercial panel.
At the end of the supply side, with demand recovering, the congener control was relaxed, and the congener’s projected crop rate was expected to rise to 86% in the third quarter, compared to the August price of the tv panels.
To maintain a “recommended” rating for the growth of the industry’s voice and leadership of new technologies, or for the development of new technologies to fall short of expectations; and the risk of impairment of assets.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.