MILITARY MINE (601899.sh) - SIXTH ANNUAL REPORT EXAMPLOYMENT OF THE CORE PERFORMANCE PERSONAL PERFORMANCE STANDARDS, THE LIQUID RESOURCES, THE BALL OF THE BALLS,
The company ' s profits increased significantly in the first half of the year, mainly because: 1) of the company ' s main mineral products, such as gold and copper, which increased by about 70 per cent in the same year, while the company ' s profits were still higher in the second quarter than in the first quarter, mainly because of: 1)
The production ratio of the core minerals gold, copper, etc., has increased; 2) commodity prices for large metals are short-term, 52-week peak/minimum prices, although there have been significant adjustments, they remain high in terms of average prices for the second quarter.
In October 2021, the company acquired the 30 Lithium Salt Lake project in Argentina, with a total resource of approximately 7,63 million tonnes of lce.
Construction began early this year for the project’s first phase of an annual battery-grade lithium carbonate project, which is expected to be started in 2023, extending the annual capacity of lithium carbonate to 460,000 tons.In April 2022, the company acquired 70 per cent of the right share of Lithium Salt Lake in Lago, Tibet, which is a lithium carbonate record resource.
About 2.14 million tonnes. Lithium-dithium-dithium-digger lake in Largo is in the process of being technically re-routed for the mining process, and if new processes are adopted, the first phase of the project is to be adjusted to 20,000 tonnes/year of lithium carbonate, and the second phase of the project is to be increased to 50,000 tonnes/year of lithium carbonate.
The semi-annual advance announcement evaluation of the mining industry (601899.sh): Core Minerals Release, which in June 2022 acquired about 71 per cent of the ownership of the Hunan Passage Mining Company, 100 per cent of which is responsible for high performance-driven growth in Hunan Road, and a sustained breakthrough in the layout of lithium resources - 2022-07-11
Lithium polymetal deposits in the county, with 870,000 tons of lithium oxide resources and 2.16 million tons of contracts. According to the first quarter of 2022 of the Purple Mine (601899.sh), the prices of core minerals have risen, and copper sales are on the rise.
The company initially planned to use large-scale open-air mining in the mines, with initial plans to build mines on a scale of 10 million tonnes/year, with an annual yield of 6-770 tonnes of lithium-carbate equivalent.
In summary, the amount of “one lake” resources controlled by the company will be more than 10 million tonnes of lce, and the prospective Annual Review of the Purple Minerals (601899.sh) is expected to outperform 150,000 tonnes of annual production from the core minerals of the weather cycle.
The performance forecast for the UVM - 601899-2021 period: a year-round rise in prices driven by rich, accelerated internationalization process, a strategic extension of the new energy new materials industry energy support, a transformation, a sustained breakthrough in the lithium resource layout, a clear medium- and long-term growth path and a promising future for the world.
Super-first-class international mining companies, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. As the first half of the year saw a return net profit of about $12.6 billion and a return net profit of about $6.5 billion in the second quarter, the company issued a semi-annual report: $132,458 million in the first half of the year, or 57% of the year; and a return net.
Net cash flows from the realization of business activities were $15.576 billion, compared with +29.53 per cent. Companies received $67.687 billion in the 2202 quarter, compared to +854 per cent and ring to +4.50 per cent, while net repatriation realized a significant increase in profits in the first half of the year, mainly due to: 1) Serbian purple belonging to the company
The gold and copper industry, the Congolese Kamoa copper industry and the Tibetan dragon industry, among others, are on schedule for the completion of major mining mines. Production has increased significantly, with the company ' s main mineral products, gold, copper, etc., increasing by about 70 per cent, and mineral and gold production by about 23 per cent, respectively, during the first half of the year.
In addition, from a second quarter perspective alone, corporate profits are still rising over the first quarter, mainly because: 1) 2202 core minerals gold, copper, etc., show an increase in the production ring ratio; 2) large metal commodity prices remain high in terms of the average prices for the second quarter, despite significant adjustments in the short term.
United States dollars/tonnes; zirconium 22q1/q2 at an average price of 20.53.63 million yuan/tonne, respectively. Overall, we believe that the profitability of the company has remained high in the second quarter. Figure 2: Net profit and acceleration of the company ' s return (in billions of yuan, per cent)
Overall, the company ' s data on the first half of the annuity and copper production are in line with expectations and provide a good basis for attaining the year-wide target. 860,000 tons of mineral copper, +47.21 per cent of the year; 480,000 tons of mineral zinc (lead), +10.50 per cent of the year.
Core mineral cost: 22h1 mineral gold unit operating costs of $176.09/g, a decrease of 3.60 per cent in the same year; mineral copper weighted average unit operating costs of $18,873 per ton, an increase of 2.23 per cent in the same year, with copper concentrate produced in mines of 21.01 ton, an increase of $29591 per ton in the same year, an increase in the unit operating costs of electrolytic copper produced in mines of $29591 ton
17.98 per cent; mineral zinc unit operating costs of $7398 per ton, an increase of 9.40 per cent over the year.
Lithium resources have been laid off by foreign forces, with the formation of a "one lake, one mine" pattern, and we believe that 2021 will be a crucial year for the company to achieve a strategic extension, with a rapid increase in the production of gold, copper, zinc, other than the pre-existing advantage mines, the Congolese Kamoa-Cakura copper mine, the Serbian Pej copper gold mine and Tibet.
Merger and purchase of the lithium salt lake project, officially entering the new energy metal track, signed on 8 October 2021 time in Toronto, Canada, an Arrangement Agreement with the Canadian Stock Exchange listed company, Neo lithiumcorp., at a price of $6.5 a share in cash.
The deal was handed over on January 26, 2022. The core of the company ' s assets are tresquebradassalar ("3q") in Catamarca, north-west of Argentina.
The Lithium Salt Lake project, which is resource-rich, high grade, low impurities, and is well developed and has greater potential for expansion. The new lithium company holds 30 projects through its fully-owned subsidiary in Argentina, Liexs.a. The company has now formed a major management and technical team assigned to 30 projects, which have been launched after the completion of the project.
Construction. Phase I of the project will design the production of 20,000 tons of battery-grade lithium carbonate per year, which is expected to be completed by the end of 2023; the project uses sedimentation as the main line process, which is simple, low energy consumption, low production costs, and is more reliable in the salt lakes surrounding the project.
Designed to produce 20,000 tons of lithium carbonate per year on the basis of minimal financing, the Advisory Body undertook a preliminary study of the project's expansion conditions, using evaporation techniques, with the potential to produce 40,000-60,000 tons of lithium carbonate per year in salt lakes, and the company will fully intensify its technical research on the expansion of production on the basis of a first phase of work, and will submit a technology expansion programme in time to complete the relevant certification.
Project 30 began construction in Salt Field in March of this year and began the first phase of the production of halogen in June; it is also proceeding in an orderly manner with the licensing of lithium carbonate processing plants, the acquisition of long-cycle equipment, engineering and flat-base engineering.
On April 29, 2022, the company announced that it was planning to purchase, for $7,682 million, four assets belonging to the Group, the core of which is a 70 per cent share in Lithium Salt Lake in Lago, Tibet, at a cost of $4,897 million. The other three assets were held by the Group and its subsidiaries as part of a mountain investment project, the Jiangnam Chemical and the Shield environment.
For the first time in the country, the Lithium Salt Lake resource was acquired by the Purple Gold Mining Company, which recorded a total of approximately 2.14 million tons of lithium carbonate.
The Lake Largo is located in the town of Mimi, some 60 km south of the territory of the Tibetan-Ali region, about 38 km west of it. The project is located in the western part of the North Plateau, at an altitude of 4467-4800 m, and is located in the subtidal zone of the highlands. The rainy season lasts from October to May. The area of the Salt Lake covers 95,6712 km2 of surface area.
The project is planned to produce 10,000 tons of lithium carbonate per year from the salt fields as a result of the original development and utilization programme. However, after on-site research, technical and experimental studies, outside technical experts and the company ' s technical team believe that the project will lead to an increase in the amount of lithium carbonate.
There is a significant scope for building, and there is a potential for major adjustments to the mining process's technical route, using a joint process of “sorting + membrane treatment” in a more environmentally friendly economy; if new processes are adopted, the first phase of the project is to be adjusted to 20,000 tonnes/year lithium carbonate, and the second phase of the project is to be increased to 50,000 tonnes/year lithium carbonate, which is expected to be higher.
The company announced on 30 June 2022 that it was going to spend approximately $1.8 billion to acquire 71.1391 per cent of its share in the mining of the Hunan thick road, a company that holds 100 per cent of the lithium polymetal mine in Hunan Province, and 870,000 tons of lithium oxide.
The equivalent of 2.16 million tons of lithium carbonate resources. This is the first time that the gold mining industry has achieved a breakthrough in the layout of its hard rock lithium resources. With the completion of this deal, the amount of lithium carbonate equivalents in the “two lakes one mine” controlled by the gold mining industry will exceed 10 million tons, and the projected annual production capacity is expected to exceed 150,000 tons of lithium carbonate equivalents.
Lithium-origin polymetal mines are located at the border of cinnamon, which is an advantage in mineral geology and is a scarcely large, low-grade, hard-rock lithium mine in the country. Currently, lithium-origin polymetal mines hold 300,000 tonnes/year of license and have the conditions for rapid development. According to the company’s initial plan, the mineral body is based on a single thick column.
The mine will be the first to reboot the 300,000 tonnes/year selection system. With further increased resource storage, some of the mines will expand the selection to 15 million tonnes/year.
The process is accelerating, the strategic expansion of the new energy-based industrial energy revolution, the continued breakthrough of lithium resources, the clear medium- and long-term growth path, and the prospect of becoming a world-class international mining company.
Schedule: Financial projections and valuation Authors' assurance that data used in reporting are from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author's professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party's approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; authors' past, present or future absence of studies on them