Strongly recommended (maintained) Purple gold mining (601899.sh): 22h1 performance increased by 91 per cent over the same period, and mining taps rose at a very high price
High enforcement speeds up the volume of products and higher prices of copper gold. With regard to copper production, a group of major mines, such as the Serbian purple gold industry, the Congolese Kamoa copper industry and the Tibetan dragon industry, are on schedule for production, completion, high grade ore accumulation and high enforcement capacity.
With regard to the rapid release of minerals; the price rises, in the first half of 2022, mineral gold and copper were sold at the same price as lithium plates, which completed the layout of the “two lakes and one mine” and expanded the map of the new energy upstream resources. As of 30 June 2022, the company's lithium resources were more than 10 million tonnes.
The total resources of Lithium Salt Lake lce amounted to approximately 763 million tons, with a one-stage lithium carbonate design capacity of 20,000 tons; secondly, tons, with a one-time lithium carbonate production capacity of 20,000 tons, with a second phase to be upgraded to 50,000 tons; and finally, the company acquired 71 per cent of its share in the mining of the Hunan thick road, with a total of 2.16 million tons of lithium carbonate in the multi-metal deposits of the Dao County sources.
The company’s strategic layout in the new energy business of a “one lake, one mine,” and as subsequent company-related projects continue to expand, the company’s lithium salt production capacity will either leapfrog into one of the largest lithium salt plants. Gold prices are expected to rise in the future, and gold operations will be expected to increase.
Gold is expected to remain strong at a high level, compounding geopolitical conflicts and concerns about the global recession. According to the US Department of Labor, the US cpi index rose in May 2022.
With the expansion of mineral gold production, the company is expected to continue to perform well, with the expansion taking shape of super-first-class mining companies. 202.2.0 UV mining (601899.sh): the gold cycle is expected
The expansion of the copper business has contributed to stabilizing cash flows, and the new energy business is expected to generate further profitable growth. Upward, the investment pattern is right in time. 2021.11.30 We maintain the profit forecast in the previous report, with the company expected to return to net profit in 2022/2023/2024.
The project was not as fast as expected, there were significant changes in environmental policies in mining, exchange rate fluctuations, etc.