The copper gold mine continues to grow, and the lithium mine business has accumulated capacity.
Performance continued to grow at a high rate, largely as a result of a significant increase in the contribution of copper-mining operations. During the reporting period, the company produced 410,000 tons of copper, an increase of 70.5 per cent over the same period; gold production reached 27 tons, an increase of 22.8 per cent over the same period.
Dollars, 55.6 per cent over the same period; Māori, $12.96 billion over the same period; copper and gold mines, which continue to climb and expand, will continue to contribute to the increase in the future.
In May 2021, the final plant for the production of 200,000 tons of copper (with copper gold) came into operation.
The second phase started in September 2020 and was planned to start in 2022 q3 and is now in production in March 2022. The Kamoa copper mine is in a state of re-engineering and is expected to increase its capacity by 21% in one year.
The target is 450,000 tons of copper in 2023 q2. Three projects are under way and are expected to be operational by the end of 2024, when the total capacity of the Kamua project will reach 600,000 tons of copper metal.
The first stage of production and the second phase of construction have been stepped up. The first phase of production was completed in late 2021, with an average value of 160,000 tons of gold in copper in the postnatal year. During the reporting period, the first phase of the project has been completed and is being intensified.
Based on information from the network of company officials, a total of three phases of construction have been planned for the Great Dragon Copper Minerals, which ultimately achieves the target of about 200 million tons of ore per year and 600,000 tons of copper per year.
Other copper and gold mining projects are accelerating. The Vk mine in Bor copper mine is about to be completed, with some 35,000 tons of mineral copper added to the postpartum process.
In addition, several mining research and development initiatives will have the potential to expand production. The “two lakes one mine” has been laid out, and lithium operations have accumulated.
In the first half of 2022, the company completed the acquisition and acquisition of lithium mines from 30 salt lakes in Argentina, lithium from the Tibetan lagoon and lithium metal from hard rock in Hunandu county, forming a “two lake-one” pattern. The overall lithium resources controlled by the company amounted to 10 million tons.
More than lce, the projected annual capacity of lithium carbonate equivalents will reach more than 150,000 tons. The first phase of the lithium carbonate project in Lithium 3q salt lake in Argentina is expected to be completed by the end of 2023.
The project began in October 2021, the first stage of the haemorrhagic test in June 2022 and is expected to produce 20,000 tons of lithium carbonate by the end of 2023.
At the same time, the 30-year project is carrying out a preliminary study of 4-660,000 tonnes/year of lithium carbonate, with no significant potential for exploitation. The second quarter was followed by the completion of lithium gold from the missalt Lake of Tibet Lago and the thugium source in Hunandu district.
In April of this year, the company acquired 70% of the shares of the Lithium mine in Lago, Tibet, under the umbrella of the Group of Shields, with the project retaining resources of 2.14 million tonnes. The planned first phase of production is to be adjusted to 20,000 tonnes/year of lithium carbonate, which is expected to be completed in 2025.
The project was launched with a total capacity of 50,000 tonnes/year of lithium carbonate, holding a lithium polymetal mine from the source in Hunandong County. The mine has a reserve of 2.16 million tonnes of lce, initially planning the construction of 10 million tonnes of primary mines to produce lithium in the postnatal year.
(c) Political risks of offshore mining; and (d) systemic risks of large-scale mining.
The new material group presents the new student strategy and the six-year new energy research experience, Duffy: mid-carbon and group member, Master of Science, three years of bulk commodity research experience.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes: the new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for agreement transfer targets) or a three-board market index (for market transfer targets); the Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index; and the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting professional consultants, as necessary, on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters.