:: The company issued a semi-annual performance advance announcement: the net return to the mother is expected to be about $12.6 billion in the first half of the year.
Non-ferrous, industrial, metals, net profit on non-mortality is about $5.9 billion, an increase of about 61% over the same year, and a decrease of about 3% in the ring. The company’s profits increased significantly in the first half of this year, mainly because of: 1) company-owned minerals.
The production of gold, copper, etc., s0980050400005 has risen significantly in the same year, with mineral copper production rising by about 70% in the same year, and mineral gold production, from a second quarter point of view, the corporate profit ring has continued to rise over the first quarter, mainly because of: 1)
The production ratio of the core minerals gold, copper, etc., has increased; 2) commodity prices for large metals are short-term, 52-week peak/minimum prices, although there have been significant adjustments, they remain high in terms of average prices for the second quarter.
In the past, we believe that the company’s profitability has remained high in the second quarter: in terms of volume: 2201 mineral gold production, 13.10 tons, and a total of 26.86 tons in the first half of the year, 2202 production is expected to be about 13.76 tons, ring ratio + 5.04 per cent; 2201 mineral copper production, 19.36 million tons, first half of the year.
The company's strategic extension energy transformation, with a sustained breakthrough in the layout of lithium resources, acquired 30 tons of lithium salt lake in Argentina in October 2021, with a total of approximately 7.63 million tons of resources, and a first phase of the battery-grade lithium production project, which was launched at the beginning of the year, is expected to start in 2023.
In April 2022, the company acquired 70% of Lithium Salt Lake in Lago, Tibet, which has a record of about 2.14 million tons of lithium carbonate. The Lithium Salt Lake in Lago is undergoing a technical reprofiling process, if any.
With the introduction of the new process, the first phase of the project is to be adjusted to 20,000 tonnes/year of lithium carbonate, and the second phase of the project is to be built up to 50,000 tonnes/year of lithium carbonate.
The UV Mine (601899.sh) reported in the first quarter of 2022: the price of core minerals, the county-based lithium-metal mine, with 870,000 tons of lithium oxide resources and a contract of 2.16 million tons of lce.
The company initially planned that large-scale open-air mining would be used in the mines, and initially planned for 10 million tonnes/year.
In summary, the company's control of the “one lake” resource will exceed 10 million tonnes of lce, and the projected annual output is expected to outpace 150,000 tonnes of lce.
“Medium mining - performance forecast 601899-2021: full-year increases in prices driven by industry” “Medium mining - three-quarterly assessment: net profits continue to exceed expectations, investment proposals: maintain “buy-in” ratings.
The process of internationalization has accelerated, the strategic expansion of new and new energy sources has been positive, the energy support industry has been transformed, the lithium resource configuration has been steadily breaking out, medium- and long-term growth paths are clear, and the future is expected to join the world's top-class international mining industry, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
• The net return profit is expected to be about $12.6 billion in the first half of the year, and the second quarter is expected to continue to rise, with an increase of about $6 billion and an increase of about 91 per cent in the same year; the net profit from non-return is expected to be about $11.9 billion and an increase of about $5.8 billion and an increase of about 95 per cent in the same year. On this basis, the company is expected to achieve a net return in the 2202st quarter.
The profits were about 6.5 billion yuan, an increase of about 57 per cent in the same year, and about 6 per cent in the ring; about 5.5 billion yuan, a rise of about 61 per cent in the same year, and about 3 per cent in the ring. The company’s profits increased significantly in the first half of the year, mainly because of: 1) Serbian purple belonging to the company.
The gold and copper industry, the Congolese Kamoa copper industry and the Tibetan dragon industry, among others, are on schedule for the completion of major mining mines. Production has increased significantly, with the company ' s main mineral products, gold, copper, etc., increasing by about 70 per cent, and mineral and gold production by about 22 per cent, respectively, during the first half of the year.
In addition, from a second quarter perspective alone, corporate profits are still rising over the first quarter, mainly because: 1) 2202 core minerals gold, copper, etc., show an increase in the production ring ratio; 2) large metal commodity prices remain high in terms of the average prices for the second quarter, despite significant adjustments in the short term.
United States dollars/tonnes; zirconium 22q1/q2 at an average price of 20.53.63 million yuan/tonne, respectively. Overall, we believe that the profitability of the company has remained high in the second quarter. Figure 2: Net profit and acceleration of the company ' s return (in billions of yuan, per cent)
In terms of sales: 2201 company mineral gold production, 13.10 tons, combined with a total of 26.86 tons in the first half of the year, is projected to be about 13.76 tons in the second half of the year, representing an increase of about 5.04 per cent in the ring ratio; 2201 mineral copper production, comprising approximately 19.36 tons in the first half of the year, totalling about 40.9 million tons in the first half of the year, is projected to be about 21,54 million tons in the ring.
Overall, the company ' s data on the first half of the annuity and copper production are in line with expectations and provide a good basis for attaining the year-wide target. 860,000 tons of mineral copper, +47.21 per cent of the year; 480,000 tons of mineral zinc (lead), +10.50 per cent of the year.
We believe that 2021 will be a crucial year for the company to achieve its strategic extension, with a rapid increase in the production of gold, copper and zinc from the pre-existing elite mines, the Congolese Kamoa-Kacura copper mine, the Serbian Pej copper gold mine and Tibet.
Merger and purchase of the lithium salt lake project, officially entering the new energy metal track, signed on 8 October 2021 time in Toronto, Canada, an Arrangement Agreement with the Canadian Stock Exchange listed company, Neo lithiumcorp., at a price of $6.5 a share in cash.
The deal was handed over on January 25, 2022. The core of the company ' s assets are tresquebradassalar ("3q") in Catamarca, north-west of Argentina.
The Lithium Salt Lake project, which is resource-rich, high grade, low impurities, and is well developed and has greater potential for expansion. The new lithium company holds a full-time 3q project through its fully-owned subsidiary in Argentina.
Construction. Phase I of the project will design the production of 20,000 tons of battery-grade lithium carbonate per year, which is expected to be completed by the end of 2023; the project uses sedimentation as the main line process, which is simple, low energy consumption, low production costs, and is more reliable in the salt lakes surrounding the project.
Designed to produce 20,000 tons of lithium carbonate per year on the basis of minimal financing, the Advisory Body undertook a preliminary study of the project's expansion conditions, using evaporation techniques, with the potential to produce 40,000-60,000 tons of lithium carbonate per year in salt lakes, and the company will fully intensify its technical research on the expansion of production on the basis of a first phase of work, and will submit a technology expansion programme in time to complete the relevant certification.
The core assets of the package are 70% of Lithium Salt Lake in Lago, Tibet, at a cost of $4,897 million. The other three assets are part of a mountain investment project, Jiangnam Chemical, and the environment in L.A.
For the first time in the country, the Lithium Salt Lake resource was acquired by the Purple Gold Mining Company, which recorded a total of approximately 2.14 million tons of lithium carbonate.
The Lake Largo is located in the town of Mimi, some 60 km south of the territory of the Tibetan-Ali region, about 38 km west of it. The project is located in the western part of the North Plateau, at an altitude of 4467-4800 m, and is located in the subtidal zone of the highlands. The rainy season lasts from October to May. The area of the Salt Lake covers 95,6712 km2 of surface area.
The project is planned to produce 10,000 tons of lithium carbonate per year from the salt fields as a result of the original development and utilization programme. However, after on-site research, technical and experimental studies, outside technical experts and the company ' s technical team believe that the project will lead to an increase in the amount of lithium carbonate.
There is a significant scope for building, and there is a potential for major adjustments to the mining process's technical route, using a joint process of “sorting + membrane treatment” in a more environmentally friendly economy; if new processes are adopted, the first phase of the project is to be adjusted to 20,000 tonnes/year lithium carbonate, and the second phase of the project is to be increased to 50,000 tonnes/year lithium carbonate, which is expected to be higher.
The original scheme had better economic benefits, and the company held 100 per cent of the thiium-based lithium-metal mines in Hunan Province, 870,000 tons of lithium oxide and 2.16 million tons of lithium carbonate equivalent. This was the first breakthrough in the layout of the country’s hard-rock lithium resources in the purple gold mining industry.
At the present time, there are 300,000 tonnes/years of selected and additional quantities of lithium from the same source.
According to the company’s initial plan, based on the mineral body form, which is a single giant column, close to the surface, thick, low ore grade, small open mining, large-scale disclosure of tons of carbonate and lithium hydroxide smelting projects are planned for the mine. The mine will take the lead in restarting 300,000 tons/year.
The process is accelerating, and the strategy is expanding to include a dynamic energy transformation in the industry of new energy sources, and the mapping of lithium resources.
Continuing breakthroughs, medium- and long-term growth paths are clear and are expected to join the world's top-class international mining industry in the future, schedule: Financial forecasts and valuations Author ensures that the data used in the report are from compliance channels; analytical logic is based on the author's professional understanding, through sound judgement and conclusion.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author