Inner growth contributed to a similar increase in performance, with the three major copper mining clusters continuously released on 10/07/2022 \triangleright
The price of copper gold increased slightly from the same year to 2022h1 with the same growth in production. The price of q1 mineral gold increased by 0.1% from the same price for the sale of products \triangleright, and the price of cathode copper/electric copper/copper concentrate increased by the same price.
9.4%/13.8%/12.7% enter q2 and the copper ring ratio has fallen slightly with the Fed's add-on layer, while the gold ring ratio has continued to grow. h1 company sales prices for mineral gold, mineral copper and copper have increased by about 2.3.6% to 359 yuan/g and 55142 yuan/tonne, respectively.
Some 70/22 per cent of the company ' s mineral copper/gold production was significantly increased over the same period, and the company ' s alpha properties were also reflected in the core driving factors.
Single-q2, metal price pressure, profit ring growth is mainly due to output growth. From product prices \triangleright, the average quarter price of copper in q2 fell by 0.1% to $71474 tons per quarter, and the price of gold increased.
By volume, the company ' s q2 mineral copper/g gold production is estimated to be 216.4 million tons, respectively.
The world's third largest copper mine, Kamua, Tibetan dragons, and Serbian timok, three world-class copper mines, will make a difference in 2022.
A large increase, 2022h2 dragon copper or even a steady increase. Gold plate, Powgra gold start-up agreement, amendment 2. Purple gold mining (601899.sh) incident, depth assessment: the signing of the case pre-dates the return of the Powgra gold ore, which is expected to yield gold in the future from Powgra to the company.
In addition, in 2022, multi-project technology was expected to increase annual gold production by 12 tons.
Review: Three major copper mining clusters opened up, with “saving” performance planning. The new energy plate, a company that acquired Argentina’s 3q Salt Lake, the Tibetan Lago Lake and the Lithium Dining Cloud of Hunan, reported in 2021 (601899.sh)
Mother ore, in the field of new energy metals, the current layout of the "one lake, one mine" gives the company lithium carbonate: the “open-door red” to achieve the strategic goal, expects more than 10 million tons of three copper equivalents, and the prospective annual production capacity is expected to reach 150,000 tons of lithium carbonate equivalents, both of which are expected to be achieved.
5. Ventilation of the mining cluster 5. Vigorous gold mining announcement: Kamoa upgrades capacity, with a total capacity of 20,000 tons of lithium carbonate and a target of 50,000 tons of lithium carbonate production capacity in 2025.
The fourth largest copper mine in the ball is proposed for investment: the company's main product, copper and zinc, produced in 2022 on average \triangleright, compared to 2021.
With a big upturn in the metal price center, we keep looking at the company’s alpha logic. Given that metal prices are falling short of the Fed’s interest hike, we lower the company’s profit forecast, precipitating \triangleright.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.