The engine is the engine of the heavy-car industry, thanks to the domestic recovery of this round and the explosion.
The heavy-card industry, which produces low prices of natural gas, goes up the cycle, the heavy-card business back up, warms up: in addition, big-cylinder motors, Quehu, Lindh hydraulics, agricultural machines, fuel power, market prices (RMK): 15.25 yuan.
Twenty miles ahead, the power taps are moving toward multiple equipment, and the equity incentive program shows confidence. For many years, the company has gradually acquired torches, Boduan, Kaiju, Lindh fluid pressure, Rayvo, etc., and has become a giant in the chain of heavy cards, and has expanded to large cylinders, forklifts, and so on.
In October 2023, the company issued equity incentives, target 2024 - Recovery of the bottom of domestic demand + structural natural gas penetration + continued high export performance, and the company’s heavy cards exported 52,000 vehicles per year + 51% of the same year, with the advantage of products such as value for money.
Export sales are on a continuous upward trajectory. 3) Structurally, the company’s gas market in 2023 reached 64.66 per cent (upper risk caliber) and the volume of gas is higher than diesel, and the company is expected to benefit from the continuing high oil and gas price differentials. 4)
Co-product power leads, and there is still room for a significant increase in the share of cities in Asia, Africa, and other regions. The result of the multiplicity of industries is to create new amounts for companies. 1) Large cylinder engines depend on higher value ratios, shorter delivery cycles, and rapid market grabs at downstream data centres.
The demand continues to grow and the outlook is better. 2) The two hands-on power of the Kaju forklift + smart logistics is expected to improve profit along with the optimization of the order structure and the process of electricization. 3) Lin Hydraulic pressure achieved a domestic operating income of 980 million yuan in 2023, compared to 52% in comparison, and revenue continues.
The profit forecast, valuation, and rating should be 11.5/10.0/8.5x. We'll refuel China, we'll free China, we'll free China, and we'll do it three times a day.
Industry, central vehicles, Fukuda vehicles as comparable companies ... compares a 24-year average of 18.5 per cent for comparable companies, taking into account the company ' s role as a leader in the industry, its well-established pattern, and the expected recovery of the heavy card sector in 2024; the lack of adequate access to the sea; and the volatility of natural gas prices;
The new state of business is not as developed as expected. Scanning for more services. 1.1 Development journey: 20 miles ahead, power taps moving to multi-equipment poles.
Founded in September 2002, the company was listed in Hong Kong in 2004 and returned to Hong Kong in 2007 to be listed in a stock exchange, mainly in the R & D, manufacturing and marketing of whole vehicles and key spare parts, forklift production and warehouse technical services, agricultural equipment, etc. Based on the complete global layout and the expanding scope of its operations, the company became a domestic powered-up and re-carried vehicle.
The group development process can be broadly divided into three phases: 1) 2002-2011, concentration of heavy card engines, special emphasis on diesel engine business development, acquisition of torches, acquisition of high-quality enterprises such as heavy gas, the Fosst gear tank, the Hand bridge, etc., to achieve a complete industrial chain of power consisting of engines, gear tanks, bridges, and a deep-seated chain, respectively, at the Hong Kong border and at the Hong Kong border.
2) In 2012 - 2017, strategic acquisition of Quehu and Dematek, expansion of forklift production and warehouse technical services, and creation of a chain of intelligent logistics industries. 3) To date, Tan Xuqwang ' s new chairman of the China Heavy Gas Group has worked together to achieve coordinated business development, acquisition of Balad Hydrogen Energy and Revo Heavy Worker, and deployment of new energy and farm machinery
In the area of preparedness, a “new business” characterized by diversification of business operations is formed. 1.2 Equity structure: strong shareholder background, full industrial chain layout of subsidiaries The actual control of companies is the State Property Oversight Management Committee of the Shandong People's Government, with a share ratio of 14.67 per cent.
State-owned enterprises in Shandong, with a strong shareholder base, have guaranteed the company’s stability of operations. Since 2002, the company has been formed, Tan Xiaoquang has been Chairman of the Board, and has led to the growth of the company, leading various mergers and acquisitions, expanding the company’s field of business and forming a diversified business model.
Modules such as machines, smart logistics, agricultural equipment, and full industrial chain layout of subsidiaries. 1.3 Core operations: Deep-farming and chaining of industries, gradual expansion of new industries Core operations of the Group can be broadly divided into four areas: 1) Total power generation, whole-of-carrying and key parts and components, including, inter alia, titanium.
(b) Smart logistics, mainly forklift production and supply chain logistics solutions operations by the holding company Kai-Hoo. (c) Agricultural equipment, mainly agricultural equipment such as the farm machine of the subsidiary Rayvo. (d) Other operations, including large cylinder engines, Lindh hydraulics, and hydrogen fuel.
Businesses such as clean energy and new energy sources for fuel cells. Companies are actively expanding new business on the basis of deep-drawn chains, diversifying operations and increasing overall risk resistance. 1.4 Financial situation: 2023 revenue, profit recovery and long-term cost stability.
1.4.1 Composition of main battalion revenue: The total annual contribution to the company ' s gross operating income, mainly in the form of whole vehicles and spare parts and smart logistics plates, was about 85 per cent. In 2023, the share of the company ' s total business income was: total power, whole vehicle and key parts (43.85 per cent), smart logistics (40.88 per cent), agricultural equipment (7.49 per cent), other
Parts and components (3.67 per cent), other (4.1 per cent), in terms of periodicity: the heavy card industry entered a recovery cycle in 2016, with macroeconomic positive factors such as superimposed real estate heat, the heavy card industry entered a new upward cycle, with gross operating income and net return profits booming during the 2016-2019 period.
The relatively weak, heavy-card industry has gone down, heavy-carriage needs have reached a low of nearly 10 years, and corporate incomes and profits have recovered rapidly, close to the highest level in history, with high growth, with companies earning 213,958 million dollars in operating income and increased investment in R & D.
1.5 Equity Incentives: Performance Target Supermarket Expectations, highlighting strong corporate confidence II. Heavy Card Operations: Outward Explosion + Natural Gas Structural Opportunities, Heavy Card Industry Bottom Recovering, Heavy Gas 2.1 Heavy Card Sector Recovering, medium- to long-term recovery trend
The heavy-card sector has a strong cyclical character and is more affected by macroeconomic factors. Since 2016, the heavy-card sector has entered a recovery cycle, adding to macroeconomic positive factors such as the heat of real estate and the effects of policies such as anti-surplus, national five-threshold policies. The heavy-card sector has entered the upward cycle, with Chinese heavy-card sales reaching 1.62 million by 2020.
The economy was relatively weak, the heavy card industry went down, and China ' s heavy card sales reached a relatively low point of almost 10 years, with only 670,000 vehicles (batch calibres), compared to 52%. In 2023, the heavy card industry recovered cyclically, adding up to the sea ' s higher expectations and lower gas prices, and China ' s heavy card sales recovered rapidly, reaching 910,000 vehicles (batch calibres), compared with 36% in 2024.
In April, China maintained a recovery in the volume of cards sold, with 350,000 vehicles (batch calibres), up from +9%. According to quarterly data, the volume of cards sold since 2023q1 has recovered from the bottom of the cycle and has been growing at a positive rate of 24q1 and +12.88% per quarter.
We believe that China’s heavy-card sector will maintain a steady recovery in the medium to long term. Given the performance of the heavy-card industry, the growth of heavy-card companies is largely consistent with the macroeconomic situation and the re-card cycle.
In addition, in terms of the size of the collection, the engine is a well-deserved leader in the heavy-car industry, and the size of the collection is about three times the size of the other heavy-car companies listed on the market.
In the long run, the growth trend in fuelwood production is the best and its cycle is the least volatile, mainly because of the development of new, off-the-shelf businesses that help to smooth the growth of card cycles for companies. The trend in the Māori rate of heavy-cartel companies is also largely consistent with the swing of the recard cycle.
The sales dropped to a low of 670,000 vehicles (batch calibres) and, as a result of the scale effect, fuelwood power, Chinese heavy steam and a disassembly reduced the Māori rate, while Fukuda did not experience a decline in the Māori rate due to the ownership of light cards and passenger vehicle operations. In 2023, the heavy-car industry recovered, and China quickly recovered to 910,000 heavy-cargo sales.
In addition, the Māori rate has remained at about 20 per cent for a long time, well above 10 per cent for three other heavy-car companies (a car figure until 2020). The Māori rate is higher because of not only the development, production and sale of commercial cars, but also the Māori rate.
Higher engine operations, especially natural gas engines and large cylinder engines, with a relatively high rate of Māori for new operations outside the country, such as 24.33 per cent for forklift production and warehouse technical services in 2023. 2.2 Heavy card exports continue to be strong and are expected to grow steadily in 2024.
Since 2021, domestic heavy-card exports have risen rapidly owing to the increased demand for heavy cards stimulated by the economic policies of overseas countries, as well as geopolitical factors. In 2023, customs authorities achieved 31,91 million heavy-card exports. +66.69 per cent. Exports amounted to 35.03 per cent, compared to 6.53 ptt. 2024q1 heavy-card exports amounted to 7.36 million (customs).
With high growth in the volume of heavy-carat exports since 202101, 2401 exports rose by 373.3% compared to 2001 and are expected to continue to grow steadily in 2024, with a strong domestic export of heavy-carats based on a competitive value for goods of the same kind. For wood power, the strong performance of heavy-cargo exports will not only benefit the exports of the subsidiary heavy-carbon cards, but will also drive the mother-in-law to export them.
The high growth in the sale of heavy-card-backed engines has contributed to a rapid increase in the overall performance of firewood. 2.3 Gas prices have remained low, heavy-card sales have flared, China imports pipelines have increased in the medium to long term, and domestic gas supplies have increased. Since the war in Russia, pipelines have been natural.
According to the National Energy Agency, based on the increase in local natural gas production and the increase in natural gas supply from the Russian-Chinese eastline pipeline. In 2020-2023, the energy volume of the Siberian power 1 was 41/104/1542.2 billion cubic metres, respectively.
As a result, the long-term supply of domestic gas will continue to rise. In terms of domestic gas demand, domestic macroeconomics are relatively low, and industrial firms have relatively low gas demand.
As of June 10, 2024, gas prices were 4304.4 ton, diesel No. 0 was 7713.6 ton, and fuelwood prices were as low as 0.56. As the price differentials between diesel gas prices increased, the life cycle cost advantage and long-term use price ratios of gas were gradually becoming apparent, prompting the end-user to buy gas.
Considering that domestic gas prices will remain relatively low in the medium to long term, that fuelwood prices will remain quite different, and that the volume of gas trucks sold is expected to continue to explode. Annual domestic gas heavy card sales reached 152,000 (end-of-life sales), the highest value since 2016, at +307 per cent;
The penetration rate reached 24.79% (based on end sales), compared to +17 pct. The volume of natural gas heavy cards sold in January-April 2023 and the volume of natural gas heavy cards sold and penetration rates are expected to increase further. In terms of prices, the value of gas engines and gas heavy cards is higher than that of diesel fuel.
Oil engines, mainly because of the additional need for a ignition system and the need to use more expensive and scarce metal elements, such as thorium, in reprocessing systems, result in a higher value of natural gas engines than diesel engines. From the price of precious thorium, it can be seen that, despite the volatility, they are very expensive in the long run, far more expensive than gold. And from the point of view of the whole vehicle,
In addition to the fact that natural gas engines are more expensive, gas heavy cards require additional devices such as gas storage tanks, which have a higher value than diesel heavy cards. For years, fuelwood powered gas engines have long-term markets of up to 60%.
The sales of power natural gas engines were 98,225 (upper-risk calibre) +362 per cent, while the share of natural gas engines was 64.66 per cent (based on upper-risk data), compared to +7.27 pt. 47075 (up-risk calibre) in January-April 2024, compared to 137,86 per cent, while the share of natural gas engines was 65.71 per cent.
The city share of gas engines is much higher than the city share of the engine as a whole. And the diesel engine has a higher value and value than the diesel engine, and the single engine has a higher income and a higher Māori ratio. So, with the continued sale of gas heavy cards as a result of the relatively low price of natural gas, the engine operations will continue to explode.
Two-fold growth in income and profits was achieved by benefiting from structural opportunities for natural gas engines in the recovery cycle of the current round of re-cards. 2.4 heavy gas profits were restored, the city’s share recovered, and the asp steadily increased by 2.4.1 heavy fuel camp rebounds and lost profits.
Chessi Heavy Motors Co. Ltd. (the “breathing engine”) is a subsidiary of the wood-powered industry, with 51% of the wood-powered power holding. The heavy car is mainly engaged in the production and sale of car and major car parts (excluding diesel machines) and the provision of import and export services.
The annual operating income peaked in recent years, at $65.8 billion. In 2021-2022, the heavy-carat sector fell to a low of $32 billion in 2022, compared to 40.8 per cent in 2023, and the heavy-carat sector recovered, rising to $45 billion, or 40.53 per cent in 2016-2020.
In the context of the decline in the heavy-cartel sector, the net profit on heavy gas fell to $536 million in 2021, and in 2022, the net profit was reduced to $18 million. In 2023, the heavy-carat sector recovered and the net profit on heavy gas recovered further, reaching $337 million. With the medium- and long-term recovery trend in the heavy-cartel sector, the profits on heavy gas are expected to recover further.
2.4.2 Benefits from the structural opportunities of natural gas, the return of heavy vapour sales and market share, and the volatility of heavy card sales following the industry cycle. In 2023, the volume of heavy gas sales rose rapidly to 116,000, or +45 per cent of the year.
The structural opportunities for natural gas have recovered, with heavy-gas markets accounting for 12.7% in 2023, compared with 0.8% in 2023. Gas prices are expected to remain low in 2024, and sales and market rates are expected to increase further. In 2016-2023, heavy-gas cards rose from 297,000 in 2016 as the quality and competitiveness of heavy cards improved.
To the sum of $388,000, an increase of about 30.8 per cent, as the company continues to upgrade its research and development inputs and products, as well as the penetration rate of its gas heavy cards, the heavy steam is expected to rise steadily in the future.
3.1 Large cylinder engines: asp high. Wide horizon. The wood engine is defined as a engine with an inner diameter of more than 150 mm, which is the engine core of the generator unit, the ocean giants, and so on.
Boduan is a shipping power provider active in the world’s oceans and inland ship industry. After more than a decade of absorption and digestion of Boduan engine technology, it has been possible to achieve volume sales since 2019 and sustained high crop growth.
The bulk of the market share of the big engine has long been held by foreign brands such as Carterpile, Conminth, John Dill, and Mitsubishi, Japan. The fuel wood has a clear cost and delivery time advantage compared to foreign brands.
In 2023, some 67% of the overseas market for company large-cylinder engine operations took place, but the domestic market had great potential, especially considering national security policies, in terms of backup power sources for large data centres. With product power increases and cost and delivery time advantages, the company’s market share is expected to rise rapidly.
Large-barrel engine sales have increased rapidly, with a high average unit price and a large potential space. In 2023, the large-barrel series sold more than 8100 high-capacity engines, which is +38%. Moreover, large-barrel motors are discharged, so the unit price is higher. The bottom-of-barrel applications are focused on large power generation areas, including data centre generators, backup emergency power units.
Sources, oil and gas fields power-drive generators, etc., will continue to expand in the future with rapid growth in artificial intelligence and the growth of arithmetic power surges, and data centres, among others, will continue to expand. As a result, there is a large market for large-barrelled motors and better prospects. In addition, with better prices and faster delivery speed, the market share of big-barrel products is expected to continue to rise, generate more revenue and more revenue.
Figure 31: Downstream application scenario for large cylinder engines 3.2 Kaiju: forklift plus smart logistics with steady overall growth in performance 3.2.1 Overall performance: steady growth in operating income and rapid recovery of profits
In 2012, the wood power acquired 25% of Käi-Wu, in 2014 Käi-Wu's 33% of the stock, in 2014 Käi-Hu's official record, and then continued to build up its share of 46.52% as of 2023. Käi-Wu is the top international forklift manufacturing enterprise, operating mainly in the development, production and sale of forklifts. In 2016, Käi-Wu acquired the top international storage automation system provider.
In 2023, as the business income fluctuated, in 2022, the net profit was only $478 million, compared to the negative orders of the supply chain solution business.
3.2.2 Forklift operations: sales for the last three years and a steady and synchronized growth of the asp. Forklift operations have increased rapidly in profitability. Forklift operations are an advantage of the Quai tradition, contributing to a larger share of the performance and income of the Queau Group. Forklifts and service sectors earned €8,464 million in 2023 and more than 74% of the Quehu Group's income.
The revenue from services sector operations has been growing steadily over the years, particularly since 2021, when business income has risen rapidly, with the services sector divided into forklift sales and services, and services, including post-market services and rental services. Forklift sales in 2023 generated Euro4,465 million, or +23.24 per cent.
The volume of products sold increased steadily since 2021, with 262,000 in 2023, or +7.8 per cent of the year; in the case of the rest, in 2021, the product of Kai Powder fell to €13.1 million/car, and in 2022 it recovered rapidly, increasing to €17 million/car in 2023, or +14.3 per cent of the year, bringing about a simultaneous increase in sales and asp over the past two years, resulting in the sale of forklifts.
The main reasons for the increase in sales were the increase in materials over the past two years, energy and logistics costs, and the increase in sales in the Asia-Pacific region. The performance of the forklift operation is expected to grow further as the Asia-Pacific region is further developed in the future, and as Kaiju’s own forklift production increases.
3.2.3 Supply chain solutions: Increase in contribution performance, with a fall in revenue from market weakness in 2023 The acquisition of 100% DeMartek shares by Keisu in 2016, mainly to provide supply chain solutions for smart logistics operations.The growth in business income since the supply chain solution operation in 2018 has been significant, rising from Euro2052 million in 2018 to Euro2022
Euro3,789 million a year, an increase of 84.66 per cent, and capr amounted to 16.57 per cent. In addition, the revenue from supply chain solutions generally grew faster than its forklift and service sectors, so the share of supply chain solutions revenue in the total business income of the Queau Group has risen in recent years, from 25.67 per cent in 2018 to 2021.
After several years of strong growth, the market for global warehouse automation solutions weakened. Customer demand for supply chain solutions declined in 2023, and the volume of orders in the Americas and the emea region fell. As a result, the supply chain solution revenue fell to €2,968 million in 2023, compared to €21.67 per cent.
Intelligent logistics needs will be released gradually, and the revenue from the supply chain solution in Kaiju is expected to rise gradually, contributing more than 3.3 Lindh hydraulics: hydraulics and engine resonance upwards, with broad prospects for wood power acquiring 70% of Lindh hydraulics in 2012 and gradually increasing the capital to 100% holding. Lindh hydraulics provide engineering.
Mechanical high-end hydraulics and systems solutions in the core field are leading international high-end hydraulic technologies. In 2019, the successful development of the hydraulic-transformation tank cvt filled China’s cvt technology shortboards, controlled the agro-machine power generation of key core technologies, and achieved a total breakthrough in China’s manufacturing of cvt power; and the excavator hydraulic system broke across the border.
The national company’s monopoly on the hydraulics of excavators has resulted in the nationalization of high-end hydraulic components. The Lindh hydraulics plant was put into operation, and it was able to produce the world’s most advanced hydraulics.
And since 2019, Lindh's hydraulic revenues have been rapidly adjusted to 52%. The fast growth in Lindh's hydraulic performance is largely due to the rapid expansion of demand in China's hydraulic market.
China is currently the second largest hydraulic market in the world after the United States. However, the current liquid pressure power of the Chinese engineering and machinery industry is still occupied by foreign brands, the hydraulic power has become a huge national production replacement space, with about $20-25 billion in market capacity, and future high-end high-pressure hydraulic replacements will provide important development opportunities for companies.
The cost will be significantly reduced when the components of dehydrated products become more domesticated. Lower costs and potential market space are expected to further enhance Lindh hydraulic profits and product competitiveness, contributing more hydraulic operations to fuelwood power. 3.4 Revo: the trend towards high-end agricultural machinery is clear and the market space is wide.
In 2022, wood power acquired Leyvo heavy labour and entered the agricultural sector. After the acquisition, wood power held 61.1% of the shares in the Quesairevo Smart Agricultural Co. Ltd. (Tsairevo), a series of products, such as the Quescha engine, can generate additional resources and develop the same frequency. Tsairevo insisted on technological innovation, focusing mainly on high-end agricultural machines.
In 2023, the Quitsavar p3404-8v Magnetic tractor was released, powered, powered, integrated operations were increased by 30 per cent, and fuel consumption was reduced by 10 per cent. The 240hp-340hp heavy power cvt tractor series was industrialized, and key core technologies, such as high-yielding machines and power-drive seeding machines, were rapidly breaking through.
The short- and long-term adverse effects will be reduced when regulations are changed to affect market demand. In 2023, Tsairevo earned 146.93.
One is the shift in the market demand for non-road mobile machinery regulations to pre-positioning parts of the market by the end of 2022, which led to the weakness of agricultural equipment in 2023. In January 2023, Xuezarevo fully completed the upgrading of the country’s three production lines to meet the country’s demand for four products; and in the long term, the country’s three-litre-higher countries require greater R & D inputs from agro-enterprises to finance agro-mechanical enterprises.
So, in the medium and long term, the adverse effects of the switchover will gradually diminish, and the sales, revenues, and profits of agricultural equipment in Quezarevo are expected to rise.
In terms of agricultural equipment as a whole, the medium- and long-term agro-machinery sector is still in demand in the future, and there is a clear trend towards large-scale, mechanized, intellectually enabled agricultural cultivation, and the concentration of the sector is expected to increase further to the advantage of leading agro-enterprises. While the three-tier country 4 has led to a short- and long-term decline in the overall market size, in the medium and long-term, considering the country’s high food security strategy.
In recent years, the volume of high-end agricultural equipment has increased significantly. In 2022, 375,000 large and medium-sized tractors (more than 25 horsepower) were sold in the country.
189,000; in 2022, 37,000 domestic crop-harvesting machines were sold, corresponding to +50.0 per cent, and 2023h1 to 1.90 million. In terms of demand for customer products, the product structure was upgraded. In 2022, 115,000 domestic medium-sized tractors (more than 100 horsepower) were sold, corresponding to +32.7 per cent, with 30.8 per cent, compared to 30.8 per cent, compared with 30.8 per cent.
+2.96 per cent pct; 6239 domestic crop-harvesting machines (fed with 10 kg/s or more) sold in 2022, corresponding to 16.9 per cent per cent per year, and the bulk-fed crop-harvesting machines to 16.3 per cent per cent per year, compared to 7.85 per cent per year, and 2023h1 per cent per year.
The market share of the four main products of Quezarevo is among the top two in the industry. Quezarevo is mainly engaged in research and development, production and marketing of agricultural equipment. Its main products include wheeled grain harvesting machines, maize harvesting machines, tractors, tractors, etc.
In short, the market for agricultural machinery is wide, and the concentration of the industry is rising. Xarévo focuses on high-end agricultural machines, intelligence, and intelligence.
Agricultural machinery, with a high and promising rate of urban consumption, with better scope for rising incomes and profits, can better complement new industries beyond the fuelwood heavy card business. 3.5 Hydrogen Fuel Cells: Strategic Layout Hydrogen Races, Building New Energy Business Chains
As early as 2010, Chai started to deploy new energy commercial vehicles, acquired 33.5 per cent of the share of the gas-centric fuel cell research and production company Versailles in 2016, cooperated fully with the United Kingdom Siris in May 2018 in the field of solid oxide fuel cells, and identified 19.9 per cent of the founder of the Proton Exchange membrane fuel cell in November of the same year.
In 2019, the strategic acquisition of 80% of the German firm Radex, with the technical capability of new energy commercial vehicle power control, electric power, fuel cell dc/dc transformer, etc. So the wood has the capacity to develop and integrate the entire department of the commercial motor system of the fuel cell, successfully building a new energy power system integration advantage of “cell + motor + electrical control” as a whole.
According to China’s Road Map for Energy Conservation and New Energy Automobile Industries, one million fuel cell cars are planned for 2030, with more than 1,000 hydrogen-added stations. Moreover, given the relatively small number of hydrogen-added stations, more fixed road routes for commercial vehicle fuel cell applications may lead the way.
Currently, the core technical layout of the commercial vehicle hydrogen fuel cell has been fully completed with fuel cell engine products covering passenger vehicles, light trucks, medium truck types, with a capacity of 50-200kw, which are widely applied to applications such as port towing, urban construction, slags, short-distance discharges, urban logistics, urban public transport, municipal sanitation, etc.
Four, profit predictions and investment proposals, which are expected to benefit from the future growth of hydrogen energy infrastructure. With the gradual domestic recovery in the heavy-cartel sector since 2022, natural gas penetration has been rapid, exports have continued to increase, and companies are heavy.
Card-related power chains and whole-of-car operations will continue to improve. Operations outside the heavy-cards are engine: income = (dry card engine sales + other engine sales + psi) x engine total asp = (dry card industry sales x customer rates x share of company heavy-card engine supply) + other types of engine sales
Quantities +psi) x motors as a wholeasp. Consider the domestic bottom recovery trend in the heavy-card industry, and the rapid penetration of natural gas, 2) the Faust gear tank: in 2021 and before it, there were more than 1.1 million heavy speed changer boxes sold, and in 2022, because of billions of yuan, the same ratio was + 8.2%, +12.4%, 10.0%.
3) Gravity gas: In the medium- and long-term heavy-carat sector, with the recovery trend, it is expected to pick up as the industry returns to sales, while it is expected to rise slightly as company products rise and gas heavy-carb penetration rises. We expect to earn 460.88, 504.58, 54062 million yuan in 24-26 years, compared with 2.5%,
4) Queshu: Benefiting from order restructuring, electricization has resulted in a two-fold increase in the value of the asp and profit margin, and it is expected that the Queshu profits will continue to change 5) Tsairevo: Income = sales of tractors + sales of tractors + core harvest machines + sales of tractors + core harvest machines + its agricultural machinery and accessories.
With a steady recovery path, the city of Levo is expected to increase its share further. We expect that in 24-26 years, the Xue Xai Xuerevo revenue will be more cost-effective, the heavy-car industry will be more asset-intensive, and the Māori rate for the industry will be more pronounced.
A 24-year average of 18.5, taking into account the firm’s strong position as the leader of the industry, gave it 15xpe in 2024. The heavy-card sector is at a slower pace of recovery than expected, and even risks of falling off the industry.
The rise in natural gas prices and the decrease in gas-wood prices will reduce demand for and penetration of gas heavy cards, affecting corporate gas engines and gas heavy card sales. The new business is not growing as fast as expected.
An analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market shows that: