Newtime security
Photovolts lead the trend towards large silicon tablets, semiconductor silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon
+18.14 +18.14 +252 million yuan net profit achieved by the parent, +34.47 % of the year; $200 million net profit achieved by the deduction, +48.52 % of the year; eps.0.09, roe 1.76 % of the year. 13.49 % of the year ' s total gross company cost ratio, +3.67 pct, Ring 3.75 pct, of which sales are made.
High R & D inputs have helped to further consolidate corporate technological advantages. Financial costs have increased by 100% over the year, mainly as a result of increased borrowing from companies’ investment in photovoltaic and semiconductor projects.
The silicon tap leads the industry's progress, and in the era of photovoltaic silicon, increasing silicon size helps to reduce the cost of silicon, as well as the flux cost of downstream batteries and components. The division continues to lead technological progress, issuing revolutionary g12 (210 mm) silicon tablets in 2019.
At the bottom of the market, the battery silicon caps, Aio's new capacity for production are compatible with g12 silicon, the components, the Dragon Sky, the East Sunrise, etc. are also published as component products based on g12 silicon. The m2 silicon is now largely out of the market, 166 mm silicons are gradually being replaced by 158.75 mm silicon.
The future of 210 mm is also accelerating. The company is currently producing 39gw monocrystal silicon, five of which have successfully started construction and are entering the decomposing phase of production, and after the completion of the five-phase photovoltaics, all of the company’s output will be optimized to 85gw. The company will continue to benefit from large silicon deposits in the future.
● Semiconductor silicon silicon silicon is moving steadily, breaking from power to integrated circuits, and the current semiconductor industry is moving faster to the mainland. Companies are pressing industry opportunities to optimize semiconductors. Inch silicon large client certification is moving steadily.
We think that the company's photovoltaic, semiconductor industries are fast and long-term, looking at the company's photovoltaic silicon taps.
"Accelerated application of photovoltaic large silicon tablets, semiconductor silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon sultration silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon sultze sultze sulge sulge sulge sulge sulge sulge sulge sulge sulge sulge sulge sulf sulge sulf sulge sulge sili sulf sulf sult in sulge sulf sulf sultance sil sil sil sil sil sul sul sul sil sil sil sil sil sil sil sulf sulf sulf sulf sulf sul sulf sulf sul sulf sul sul sul sul sul sul sul sul sul sulf sulf sul sul sul sul sul sul sul sul sul sul sul sul sul sults sul sul sul sul sul sul sul sul sul sul sul sul sul sul sul sul sul sul sulf sul sul sul sul sul sul sul sul sul sul sul sul sul sul sul sul sul sul sul sul sul sul sul sul sul sul sul sul sul sul sul sul sul sul sul sul sul sul sul sul sul sul sul
Together with the Dadal Investment Maceon, which opens the world with a big increase in performance, both photovoltaic and semiconductor industries are fast-changing into the long-term 2019-10-28.
Photovoltaic, Semiconductor Double Industry, Growing Global Single Crystal Silicon Threshold 2019-08-27