Micro-innovation (603986): The continuous optimization of the structure of the cyclical innovating norflash products, with a view to further increasing the market share. In 2022, 59.36 per cent of the company ' s storage business was accounted for by noor, the main part of the company ' s storage business, and the company ' s products are currently used mainly in consumer electronics.
Chai Jinsights data, which in 2021 were 35%, 33%, and 23% of the three storekeepers in China, Wang-Hun, and MOI innovation, respectively. Medium- and long-term companies work hard on product structure and customer structure, opening up new growth space. One of them, companies.
Covering 512k-2gb in nor products and providing a wide range of products with high capacity, high performance, high reliability, high safety, low power consumption, small encapsulation, etc. to different application market demands, is steadily consolidating the dominance of consumer electronics. Secondly, the Department is actively expanding its application in the areas of industrial control, automobile electronics, network communications, and noor operations are expected to increase market share further.
In the short term, companies are also approaching an electronic recovery cycle of consumption, and Māori are expected to improve as stocks are or will be phased out. Working with domestic champions to create industrial synergies, self-research liquidram, or fast-growing operations.
In the first half of 2021, companies introduced their own brand-based dram products, ddr3l, ddr4, which are mainly oriented towards markets such as consumer, industrial control, and car regulations. Companies and the compost growers complement each other by achieving a variety of modes of cooperation on the dram that guarantee the stability of production capacity.
In 2021, the size of the global niche dram market was about $9 billion, or about 10% of the total dram market model. Lijidram’s domestic production needs are high, and corporate dram operations are expected to hit a high pace.
In the market, the top 10 producers are overseas companies such as the United States, Japan, and the Netherlands, with a 90% share of cr7 and a higher concentration of the industry. As a result, the Mcu family has been expanded to 41 product lines over a 10-year period.
500 mcu products, in the first half of 2023, the company launched a domestic lead gd32h series of ultra-high performance microcontrols based on the anmécortex-m7 core, applied to a number of industrial and high-end consumption areas such as power sources, storage, machine learning, and artificial intelligence. Industry is relatively high in the company’s products, and is in place as customers’ inventories deconstruct and industry regenerates, adding consumption to consumption.
The Mcu business is expected to achieve a bottom-cycle recovery and built-in growth of the product.
For the first time, a “buy-in” rating is given. Companies have an absolute leading edge in the domestic storage of chips and mcu, with products covering low-end markets at the upper end of high school, and are expected to benefit fully from alternative trends, given the growth of the company and its ability to produce, and in the context of the further expansion and volume of the company's new product lines, we believe that the company is expected to enjoy a higher valuation level.
1.1. "Store +mcu+ Sensors + Simulation" multi-producer multi-producer schematics (1) National lead semiconductor designers to store +mcu+ Sensor + Simulation simultaneous energy.
The leading in-house design firm, the company, was established in April 2005 as Beijing's Department of Micro-Tech and Technology Limited. It was officially renamed Beijing M.I.T. Ltd. in December 2009 and successfully landed on the master plate in 2016. 1) In terms of storage, the company successfully produced 180 nm series noorflash in 2008, which was pushed forward in 2013.
The first spinandflash in industry, in October 2017, the company jointly co-manufactured a product, launched a 12-inch dram project with a process of 19 nm, first involved in the dram market, and in June 2021 issued a first-ever branded dram product; and 2) mcu, in 2013, the company released its first-ever armcorpex-m3 nuclear 32-digit generic mcu.
This was followed by a gradual increase in product R & D in the mcu area and the launch in 2023 of the cortex-m7 super-high-performance mcu; 3) Sensor operations. In 2019, the company completed a 100 per cent equity acquisition of the Shanghai Sli Weitech Ltd., official map of the 1 trillion easy-to-innovation development history
The company uses a combination of multi-cading lines, mainly storage, mcu, sensors, and analog products. The storage product can be divided into three sectors, noorflash, slcnandflash, and liquid dram, and in the field of noorflash, the company product is extensive.
Applications in the areas of physical networking, industrial and auto electronics, apparel equipment, artificial intelligence, network communications; in the field of Nandflash, corporate products belong to slcnand and provide the large-capacity storage necessary for multimedia data storage applications of mobile equipment, machine cap boxes, data cards, television, automobile electronics, etc.; in the field of dram, companies self-researched dram product combinations.
On the basis of ddr4, the ddr3l product has been introduced and is widely used in intelligent households, industry, and vehicle-borne sound systems. mcu includes the arm core and the risc-v open source core, sensors include contact control and fingerprint identification chips. In addition, simulation products are built around mcc-related ecology and cover proprietary power management products, high-performance power products, power drive.
Products, lithium battery management products. Multi-product line configurations can create a continuous and groundbreaking growth of different business slopes, blast periods, etc.
(3) The firm’s equity structure is relatively decentralized, and the realist also serves as the head of the stock holding board of Chang Yiming. The company’s first-largest shareholder is Chu Yiming, with a 6.86% shareholding, and its co-actor Hong Kong holds 3.74% of the company’s shares. Hong Kong’s winner is committed to playing the same role as Zhu Yiming in exercising his shareholder’s voting rights. On this basis, Zhu Yiming is direct.
The share vote of the company holding and actually controlling and influencing is 10.60%. Mr. Chu is the controlling shareholder and the actual controlling person. Mr. Yim is an undergraduate, master's degree at Qinghua University, and a master's degree at Stone Creek, State University of New York, United States of America. He was a project manager at policynetworks inc. Senior Engineer, Monolithicsystemtechnologiesinc. He has also served as Chief since December 2018.
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Qing Repository, the largest and most technologically advanced dram design manufacturer in the country; Chairman of Wise Integrated Circuits Ltd., since February 2021; Chairman of the fully-owned and intelligent subsidiary; Chairman of the Corporation since April 2005. In addition, other shareholders include Central Bank of Hong Kong, Industry and Industry.
Senior investors such as Gwiston, United (Hong Kong) Ltd. and Securities and Investment Fund, have more decentralized corporate equity structures, mostly industrial investors, and do not involve corporate management. Figure 2 Mt. Innovative equity structures (as of 2023h1)
(4) The core cadre has a complex industrial technology background and a deep understanding of the industry. The core team has a great deal of industry experience, and the core executives have a deep understanding of the integrated circuit industry. In addition to the president of the company, the deputy chairman of the board, the deputy head of the Kyoto Sales Department. The deputy general manager, Hu Hong, has developed and tested the integrated circuit chip, leading many of the company's storage products.
In addition, Li Bao-kyu, Deputy Director General, has been a chip designer and chip set manager for the Northern Microelectronics Company, joined the company in November 2011 and has been director of mcu chip design and is currently in charge of the mcu Enterprise.
(5) Equity incentives to bind core cadres, and performance appraisals to demonstrate long-term development confidence. In July 2023, the company issued a stock incentive programme for a total of 1,018 people, including managers, core and cadres, at an award price of $86.47/equity, to be granted a stock stake of 10.0134 million, or 1.62 per cent of the total stock of the company at the time of the announcement of the plan.
In the next four years, the business income from 2018 to 2020 will be 1.2. Storage of foundations, energy mcu and sensors.
(1) Performance remains high and subject to short-term pressure from end demand. At the income end, the company’s operating income has achieved business performance from strategic layout and continuous research and development innovations, as well as its ability to respond to changes in market supply and demand.
In 2022, as a result of external factors such as the economic environment and geopolitical conflicts, the storage sector as a whole faced downward pressure, the consumer electronics market as a whole performed poorly, market demand was weak, the industry was still in stock digestion adjustment, and the prices of corporate products were under pressure, further contributing to a decline in operating income and net return to the mother.
(2) Storage operations are firmly structured, and mcu and sensor operations continue to function. In terms of business income, storage annual revenues have declined; Mcu operations have been on a continuous basis in recent years, with an income of 2,829 million yuan, and have grown at an average annual rate of 63 per cent over the last five years, thanks to the diversification of corporate product layouts, which have increased revenue from industry and connectivity to compensate for consumption.
The decline in revenue in the area led to an increase in revenues from microcontroller operations; the stabilization of revenue from sensor operations, with a small drop in revenue due to a fall in end demand in 2022; and the small share of simulation product receipts in the company as a whole, with no separate division of the product lines, and the creation of a special department of industry, which is currently classified in the mcu product, with no separate disclosure on the proceeds.
In terms of Māori rates, storage and mcu have continued to thrive in recent years, product market demand has increased, downstream products and customer structures have continued to optimize, with storage rates of 40 per cent in 2022, mcu Māori rates of 65 per cent in 2022, sensor products have continued to expand offshore markets owing to lower prices and downstream demand (3) The share of revenue abroad has remained at about 80 per cent.
Starting in 2012, it continued to increase the staffing of overseas operations, expanding product promotion and marketing channels through cooperation with internationally renowned electric ' sub-products agents such as Arrowasia, digikey and others. Branches have been established in recent years in various locations, including Europe, the United States, Singapore, Japan and the Republic of Korea, with related product planning, volume size, quality systems, delivery efficiency, technical support, etc.
At the same time, domestic and South-East Asian businesses, in conjunction with the Euro-American market, have formed a complete outreach and business development team to better support local clients and expand overseas operations. Revenue by region, the company’s offshore revenue has increased from $1.948 billion in 2018.
(4) The level of profitability is robust and the cost side is well regulated. The company optimizes the product and customer structure, maintains a good cost level, and in recent years increases labour costs and sales/management rates due to the increase in the size of the staff, the increase in staff remuneration and the increase in equity incentives.
New areas, optimizing product and customer structures, strengthening operations management, increasing profitability and market occupancy, overall per capita benefits 10,000 yuan, 12 per cent lower than the previous year, mainly as a result of cyclical downswings in industry, weak consumer market demand and falling prices for corporate products, further contributing to a decline in profits, while the number of company personnel has been growing steadily, with multiple impacts leading to a firm ' s growth.
From a research and development perspective, companies invest $1.029 billion in R & D, an increase of 9.49 per cent, or 12.66 per cent of business income. The integrated circuit industry is a technology-intensive, capital-intensive and knowledge-intensive workforce-intensive industry in which firms maintain technological excellence and innovation through increasing R & D inputs.
In addition, the proportion of R & D personnel in companies has increased steadily, and by the end of 2022, the number of R & D personnel in companies stood at 1,125, or 72% of the total workforce. Companies have focused on a pool of good talent, bringing together a group of semiconductors.
Excellent talent, which provides a strong guarantee for the development of corporate products and the advancement of core technologies. Figure 14 2018-2022 shows the number and percentage of corporate R&D personnel (persons, %) (7) 2023q3 stocks of water have declined for two consecutive quarters, with business cash flows increasing by 123.11% over the same period.
Goods are mainly stored chip and crystal round, subject to falling market prices and persistently depressed customer demand, and the sale of corporate products is 12.32%. At the same time, companies have good cash flow management capacity, financial indicators are relatively healthy, business net cash flows are sustained, high-quality growth is maintained, with 2023q3 operating net cash flows amounting to $981 million, an increase of 123.11% over the same period, mainly attributable to a rise of 123.11%.
In the same period in 2022, when the expenditure was high, there were no significant advances in 2023, and cash flows were further optimized to reflect the needs of the company ' s dynamic operations, on the one hand, and on the other, the company ' s excellent personnel and repayment management capacity, on the other.
2.1. Storage chip size and classification (1) dram has a higher speed of reading and writing than flash, but a lower storage capacity.
The difference between norflash and the non-fault storage chip is that the unit is connected differently, which leads to reading, which is taken in different ways, and reads at a slower rate than noor because of the re-use of the foot, but the process of scrubbing and writing is much faster than noor, and at the same time, the internal nand circuits are simpler, so the data density is large, smaller and less costly.
Most of the flash in the former market used the nad type, such as ssd, utc, sdc, emmc; mostly the flash in the small volume 2-12 m is the nor type. Compared to flash, dram has a higher speed of reading and writing and a longer life, but the unit cost is higher, mainly for pc memory (e.g. ddr), cell phone memory (e.g. lpdddr) and servers.
(2) The size of the global storage chip market fluctuates cyclically, with dram and nads taking the lead in the storage market. The United States dollar rose to $12,767 billion, with an average compound increase of 7.7 per cent per year, as a result of trade frictions and price declines in 2019, the global storage chip market fell by 32.6 per cent to $106.4 billion, and the market size returned to short-term peaks in 2021, and
In the second half of 2023, the market was expected to accelerate its construction in the following two years, with a subsequent upward cycle of 35.2 per cent wsts, 43.2 per cent, and 55.3 per cent, 40.8 per cent and 2.2 per cent of the storage market in 2022, respectively, according to yole data.
Figure 17 Size and acceleration of the global chip storage industry market (millions of United States dollars, 2.2.norflash taps, differentiated competitive niche storage markets 2.2.1. wearable, visible, car electron-driven Noorflash market growth
(1) The expansion of new applications, such as object networking, tws headphones, 5g, and car electronics, has contributed to a return to growth in the nonflash city.
The size of the market, which has smaller storage space, slower writing and scrubbing, but faster reading, has gradually been replaced by Nand as the penetration rate of smartphones continues to grow, shows a steady downward trend. After 2016, with smartphone demand warming (currently used mainly for optical compensation for high-end mobile phones, etc.), the overall consumer electronic demand has expanded.
Noorflash downstream demand, such as tws headphones, is generating scale growth, with data for 2022 showing a global market of noorflash chip size of $3.2 billion. (2) Noorflash downstream applications are extensive, with communications, consumer electronics, and car electronics taking a major share.
Rapid random reading of data while allowing the system to read the replacement code directly from the storage unit, thus having the high quality of the chip execution, speed of reading and stability, satisfying the need for code storage in applications such as functional cell phones, consumer electronics, industrial controls, communications equipment, and in noor market downstream applications, communications, consumer electronics, computers, jobs, etc., 2021
Industry controls, car-borne electronics account for 30 per cent, 26 per cent, 14 per cent, 12 per cent, 18 per cent, respectively. (3) With the continued expansion of the demand for tws headphones, car electronics, etc., for industries with higher reading speeds, the industry is expected to open up new development opportunities. 1) Due to limited master control of bluetooth chip memory, more solids and code processes are stored
One billion bytes to 353 million, with an average annual growth rate of 66 per cent. With the upgrading and expansion of tws headphones, the volume and performance of noor flash will be more demanding in the future and will further contribute to the steady increase of the demand for noorflash. 2. High volume of norflash due to its properties and high reliability due to its xip (which allows the system to read replacement numbers directly from storage units)
The adas system, which is widely used in car electronics, includes CarLog, intelligent navigation, panoramic images, deviation alerts, etc., and each system generally uses a large capacity of noorflash or slcnandflash. According to yole, the global market for auto storage was $4.3 billion in 2021, with noorflash accounting for the vehicle storage market.
Fifteen per cent, projected to reach $12.5 billion in 2027, with an average compound increase of 20 per cent per year. Figure 22 Global vehicle storage market receipts (in millions of dollars) (4) The increasing penetration of the mobile phone market by amoled has led to an increase in demand for noorflash.
The screens are the main choice of the current smartphone screen, and amoled is the preferred driver for the left, increasing the market size as the smart player's machine sales increase and its penetration in the smartphone rises. Because of the process, amoled shows that there are two major problems of brightness and debris, and that compensation is needed, divided into internal and external compensations.
Internal compensation is difficult to resolve, while external compensation has the advantage of a simple pixel structure, a fast-drive and a wide range of compensation, is the preferred option in practical application, and external compensation requires an external nonflash to avoid the blue light of the amoled panel falling over time.
Amoled screens with resolution (full, fullhighdefinance) usually have 8m noor, qhd (2k, Qatarhghdefinance) resolution are usually equipped with 16m noor. According to cinnoresearch, 600 million pieces of global amoled board were delivered in 2022, and Trendforce estimates the market penetration rate will be from
In 2021, 42% rose to 46% in 2022, and in the future market demand continued to grow with the increasing penetration of amoled in the mobile phone market.
Fpga, soc are widely used in the 5g base station, and noorflash is the best option to configure fpga and soc, in storage fpga configuration.
With regard to images and soc start-up codes, noorlash storage can provide higher reliability and lower delay start-up configuration support at initial response and start-up, while operating temperature -40circ} 105 circ circ}10 years or more, applied to 5g base station equipment ~norflash usually meets at least high capacity, high performance and high reliability of industrial grade markers
Five-g base stations are divided into aau and bbu, with aau and bbu using more than six more than five g in single 5g base stations (the main supplier is cypress and Wanghong) and dominated by 1 gb large capacity of noorflash. The number of 5g base stations in the country during the month reached 3.189 million, resulting in a significant increase in demand for a large capacity of noorflash.
Figure 25 Number of 5g base stations in the country (ten thousand) 2.2.2. Top producers withdraw successively, and head producers withdraw in absolute shares of the market, and head bankers withdraw in net, while head producers withdraw in major shares of the global market.
Noor market space went down for a long time, the international giants Migumi and Sepuras announced in 2017 their gradual withdrawal from the low- and medium-volume consumer electronics market, and the withdrawals of Migwang and Sepuras led to an increase in the shares of Wahbong, magma and ostensible innovation, as well as the rapid entry of domestic manufacturers, such as Purgus shares, Gyeongzheng Beijing, Dong-chik shares, Scink shares, etc., into the market.
The reduction in production capacity has also improved the supply-demand relationship of markets. After 2017, the global nonflash market was monopolized by the top five producers, the largest ones, the largest ones, the largest ones, the largest ones, the largest ones, the largest ones, the largest ones, the largest ones, the largest ones, the largest ones, the largest ones, and the largest ones, the largest ones, in 2021.
Figure 26 Global market share of noorlash (%) 2.2.3. Corporate noor products are fully classed and are expected to further increase market share (1) Monopoly innovation continues to be a technological and market leader on noorflash, targeting market demand for different applications
For large-volume, high-performance, high-reliability, high safety, low-power, small-package, and so on. Flash is divided into rows (spi) and parallel (parallel) interfaces, which are gradually being exploited because of compatibility problems in parallel nonflash. For performance, the company spinorflash offers up to 16 capacity options, covering 512 kb to 2gb.
Different storage spaces for multiple real-time operating systems compatible with 3v, 1.8v, 1.2v and the four different voltage ranges of 1.65v ~ 3.6v wide voltage for battery power applications, with further lifting in terms of power consumption, voltage range, battery lifetime and compaction design for consumer electronics, wearable equipment, object networking and portable health monitoring equipment
In addition, the company's low voltage 1.2v low voltage sub-powerful product, which meets the low voltage and low-power requirements for controlling the evolution of new processes.
(2) The gradual move from the lower to the lower end is expected to further enhance product competitiveness and increase market share. The high-capacity noorflash market is dominated by Sepras and Migwang, with products mainly targeted at high-end markets such as auto electronics, industrial controls, aviation, space, etc. But Light has stopped producing noor’s 8-inch production line since 2017, producing cars and producing cars.
The 12-inch line for industrially controlled products is being phased out. The Chinese Taiwan manufacturer, Hmong Electronics, Hmong Electronics, and Hmong-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small, has focused more on consumer electronics markets, Hmong and Hmong-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Sm-Sm-Sm-Sm-Sm-Sm-Sm-Sm-Sm-Sm-Sm-Sm-Sm-Sm-Sm-Sm-Sm-Sm-Sm-Sm-Sm-Sm-Sm-Sm-Sm-Sm-Sm-Sm-Sm-Sm-Sm-Sm-Sm-Sm-Sm-Sm-Sm-Sm-Sm-Sm-Sm-St-St-St-St-Sm-Sm-Sm-St-Sm-St-St-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-Sm-S-St-S-S-S-S-S-S-Sm-Sm-Sm-Sm-Sm-S-S-S-S-Sm-Sm-Sm-Sm-Sm-Sm-Sm-Sm-Sm-St-Sm-Sm-Sm-Sm-St-Sm-S-S
The requirements are not high, typically using 55 nm and 65 nm, with the most advanced process reaching 45 nm, further evolving to achieve 48 nm in process water, which is now being converted from 75/55nm to 48 nm; the Chinese electronics is producing 46 nm in 2015 and is switching products from 58 nm to 46 nm; and the domestic flagship M.O.I. is now in full series of 55 nm process nodes
Volume production, successful entry into mainstream process markets, and continuous process process rotation, is expected to increase market competitiveness even further, given the persistence of the mini-reduced status of the noorflash process and the significant potential for easy access to advanced processes.
(1) slc accounts for a smaller share of the overall net market, with a global market size of about $2.4 billion in 2023. According to intelligence data, slcnand accounted for 2% of the global netflash market in 2020, with a higher share of mlcnand, tlcnand, with a combined share of 88%.
The weight of qlc is gradually increasing, and the lack of performance and durability of qlc can be offset by increased capacity, replacing tlc in consumer products. According to gartner data, the size of the global market for the slcnand in 2019 reached $1.671 billion and will continue the growth trend from 2020, with the expected support of the original rigid demand.
The global market share of the slcnand between 2019 and 2024 is expected to grow at a compound rate of 7 per cent, influenced by the emerging and emerging application areas that are sustaining and downstream.
Figure 28slnand Global Market Size ($ billion, per cent) (2) Small and Medium Capacity Slcnand Markets are relatively fragmented and not yet oligopolistic. Nand flash Markets have evolved over decades and have evolved from three star electrons, champions, Western data, Light, and sk Hercules.
In 2023, a stable market pattern consisting of q2-3 electrons, q2 warriors, sk Hercules, Western data, and a small-capacity slcnand market with a relatively fragmented and non-oligopolistic pattern, with foreign industry leading three stars, Qiman and Taiwan idm models with a high market share in the country.
Competing parties include micro-innovation, Jiang Bolong, rhesus microelectricity, kernels, etc. Figure 29 Global market share of Nandflash enterprises (%) (3) Corporate flash products have achieved full product coverage in the consumer electronics, industry, automobile electronics.
With respect to flash products, the company achieves a full-scale production of 38nm and 24nm, with capacity coverage of 1gb ~ 8gb. Nandflash is divided into spi and parallel, with spinandflash products covering three capacity ranges of 1gb ~ 4gb, using 3v/1.8v voltage power supply and providing x 1/x2/x4 trio connection, depending on the interface.
In 2013, the company launched the first spinandflash industry, which, after several decades of development, has achieved product coverage in the whole flash category in the areas of consumer electronics, industry, automobiles, etc.
In addition, the company ' s gd5f whole series of products, through the aec-q100 Car Code Certification, has achieved a comprehensive layout of the spinorflash to spinandflash Car Regulations, and the company ' s 38nmslnandflash Car Regulations, which provide more opportunities to enter the car market.
Table 7 The different product characteristics of the company flash 2.4. Self-research Dram opens up new opportunities for growth 2.4.1.dram is a huge market size and a vast alternative to national production under an oligopoly overseas
(1) Emerging applications drive the growth of the size of the data, and dram market space opens up further. With the development of new technologies such as 5g, artificial intelligence, cloud computing, and object networking, global data volumes are showing an explosive growth, with a strong demand for the storage chip, while the industry climate is strongly influenced by supply-demand relationships, with a stronger cyclicality, which is seen as the wind of semiconductor industry cycles.
Data show that the global dram market in 2021 was $95.1 billion, an increase of 41 per cent over the same year, and that the dram market fell 17 per cent to $791 million in 2022 as the global market went down. The dram market is expected to show a rising trend in the future as storage markets accelerate and demand recovers at the bottom.
Figure 30 Global dram market size and growth ($ billion, %) (2) Dram markets are highly concentrated, with oligopolistic patterns. In dram, lpddr is used mainly in embedded storage for consumer electronics such as smartphones, tablets, etc., and has been used in recent years to limit the production of personal computers.
Dddr is used mainly for servers, personal computers, etc., and dram market demand is dominated by mobile phones, pc, and servers, accounting for 35%, 16%, and 33% respectively in 2022. The current market pattern of the world’s advanced dram chip is dominated by three storage companies, Samsung, sk Hercules, and Light Light, accounting for 38.14% of the global dram market in 2023.
The oligopoly pattern makes domestic producers less able to negotiate dram chips, and makes dram chip one of the country’s most externally constrained commodities.
Figure 3120-2022 Distribution of dram applications (%)
The size of the niche dram market will continue to grow in the future as the downstream applications stabilize. The mini- and medium-capacity dram market in which innovation is made is the niche market, and the market is relatively fragmented.
The main participants were Samsung Electronics, Light Technology, Sears, South Asia Technologies, etc., and the relevant domestic manufacturers included Dong-chul shares, Gyeong-jung Beijing, Ultra-Light National Hearts, etc.
2.4.2. Self-research dram opens up the growth space and collaborates with the pioneers to create industrial synergies (1) The company owns multi-valued dram products that meet requirements in the areas of commercial, industrial and kgd/ktd. For performance, the company ' s ddr3l product corresponds to 1.35v/1.5v voltage power supply with a reading and writing rate of 1866mbps,
\sim95°c/-4sim105°c application scenario at different temperature ranges to meet mainstream application needs such as network communications, television, machine capboxes, industry, smart households; base ddr4 with 1.2v low voltage power supply with a reading and writing rate of 2666 mbps at a maximum of 3,200 mbps capable of providing 4gb/8gb capacity, x 8/x16 data interface for 0~95°C/40~95°C
/-40 ~105 °C applications have been widely applied in the areas of a roof box, television, network communication, intelligent family, car-borne sound systems. (2) extra layout dram operations, working with leading domestic manufacturers to create industrial synergies. September 2019,
Through this project, the company intends to develop dram technology under a 1xnm-level process, design and develop ddr3, lpddr3, ddr4, lpdddr4 series dram chips.
In April 2019, the company signed a transferable investment agreement with the compost, compost gluttons, and agreed to transfer the shares to the creditors.
In addition, at the operational level, companies and combs complement each other in a variety of modes of cooperation in the marketing, surrogate and engineering of dram products. From 2020, companies started selling the compost dram products, which were launched in the first half of 2021 with their own branded dram products, mainly for consumer, industrial control and car regulations.
(3) The company's self-research branded dram business is in the process of improving its productivity and is expected to make a sustained contribution in the future. The company has established a strategic partnership with the core supplier's long-term stock to secure a stable production capacity, to conduct a self-research microbrand dram business, to focus on niche ddr4 and ddr3l products, etc.
Market areas such as consumption, industrial control, and automobiles. Currently, the company ddr4 has achieved volume production, dddr3l has largely completed functional validation and customer import, is in the advanced stages of productivity upgrading and is expected to contribute to the company ' s revenue in 2024. In addition, the company is actively developing 8gbddr4 and other niche dram products, full standards.
The interface-based dram product line effectively supports the development of corporate dram operations and client needs.
(1) mcu is a microcomputer that miniaturizes the basic functional components of a computer and integrates them into a chip. mcu (microcontrollerunit), a microcontrolr, also known as a single piece machine, reduces the main frequency and regulation appropriately on a cpu basis and converts the memory, time/meter, a/d, clock, i/o port and serial communications.
Capable modules and interfaces are integrated on a single chip to achieve end-control functions with small size, low power, control-oriented, high interferometry and high value for money. mcu is widely applied to household appliances, office automation, industrial control, smart instrumentation and integration intelligent sensors, and auto electron and aerospace electronic systems.
Figure 34mcu ' s internal architecture (2)mcu can be divided according to different classification bases. 1) The mcu can be divided into general and exclusive types depending on its use, and the company ' s gd32mcu development tool provides a well-developed product line development tool that unites the global lead
Co-authors, to launch and support comprehensive development ecology such as integrated development environmentide, development packagevb, graphical interface gui, etc. 2) The mcu is divided into one, four, eight, 16, 32 and 64 places, based on the width of the bus or data memory, and 32 places are used for complex processing such as network operations, multimedia processing and so on, generally using embedded gymnastics
As the cost of the system continues to decline, it has now become the market mainstream, gradually replacing the eight-and sixteen-mcu-led application market. 3) Based on the storage structure, the mcu can be divided into Harvard and Von Neuman structures, most of which are based on Von Neuman structures, which define four basic components of the embedded system:
cpu, storage, timer/timer and i/o ports, all of which are integrated into an integrated circuit chip. 4) Based on the command set, they can be divided into the cisc and risc categories. Table 10mcu classification
The Harvard structure is a parallel system structure, the main feature of which is that programs and data are stored in different storage spaces, i.e. program and data storage, are two separate storage units, each with a separate location and access.
Based on the storage structure, the Harvard structure and the von Neuman structure.
A combined computer design conceptual structure that implicitly guides the concept of separating storage devices from central processors.
csc (complex command set computer) and rsc (as represented by precision arm, ibmpower, rsc was originally designed for the csc simple command set computer microcontrollers) cpu complex malpractices, selected for individual cpu cycles
(c) After many years of technological upgrading, the mcu began to move to a full-scale, high-level development phase. Mcu started in the 1970s in the European and American regions, and the Intel company of the United States took the lead in launching four microprocessors in 1971.
So far, its development has been roughly divided into five phases. 1) The initial stage of mcu development (1971-1976), where Intel launched its first microprocessor, mcs-4, is relatively backward, less integrated and technically innovative; 2) the low performance mcu phase, represented by the inter company ' s mcs-48 series, will be cpu, cpu,
The functional components of parallel interfaces, time/meters, ram and rom are integrated into a chip, but less performance, less variety and less range of applications; 3) high performance mcu phase, with increased storage capacity and range of location, with varying degrees of increase in the number of sources, parallel i/o ports and time/meters; 4) 16 places
During the mcu phase, in 1983 Intel launched a high-performance 16-piece machine, using the latest production process, with a chip collection of up to 120,000 transistors/fibres; 5) during the full-scale high-level development of mcu, which has advanced at a high level of integration, functionality, speed, reliability, application, etc., with a large number of high-speed, high-site, high-calculation capabilities.
8 out of 16 out of 32 out of 64 out of 64 general-purpose single-film machines entering the market. Figure 35mcu technological development history (4) 32 out of 32 is the dominant market, accounting for 62% of the global market in 2020.
That is, the greater the width of the single processing data, the greater the performance of the mcu, which, according to the icinsights data, was the main product type for 2011-2020, the 32-digit generic mcu product was 54 per cent, the 8-digit total was 43 per cent and the 8-digit market was still relatively high owing to advantages in physical size, power consumption and cost.
Bitmcu is more energy-efficient, 32 bits of mccu chips are expected to rise one step higher than the rest of the industry. Figure 36 Global mcu product structure, 2011-2020 (%)
Figure 37 Mcu product structure in the country in 2020 (%) (v) The company provides 32 universal armocorpex-m and risc-v kernels to achieve full coverage of the mainstream application market. The company ' s microcontrol product (mcu) is based mainly on the armocorpex-m series and is based on:
The 32-digit generic mcu of the risc-v core, the gd32 series, uses armcorpex-m3, cortex-m4, cortex-m23, cortex-m33, cortex-m7-m7 and risc-v to produce high-performance, low-capacity and high-value ratios. The company has successfully produced 41 product series, more than 500 mcu products, with wide application.
Achieve full coverage of mainstream applications such as general-purpose, low-cost, high-performance, low-capacity, wireless connections in a wide range of areas, including industrial automation, energy power, medical equipment, consumer electronics, automobile electronics, etc., in the electronics of automobiles, the company ' s gd32a503 series of standard mcú products, for body control, vehicle lighting, smart cabins, auxiliary driving and electrical power.
A variety of Electrified car scenes, such as sources, offer options for development, and long-term strategic partnerships have been established with industry leading Tier1 suppliers and the entire garage.
3.2.1. More than 90 per cent of the global share of motor vehicles, industry, consumption, health care downstream of mcu (1) benefits from rapid growth in the network of goods, increased demand for industrial automation, and increased electronic penetration of cars, and the market size of mcu continues to grow. According to icinsight data, the global market size of mcu grew from 18.620 billion in 2018-2022.
The dollar grew to $23.880 billion, with an average compound annual growth rate of 6.42 per cent, and the market size of the mcu market is expected to be maintained in 2023 and 15 per cent in 2022, and the domestic market size of the mcu market is expected to reach 42 billion yuan in 2023. In recent years, domestic production in the mcu sector has been late, with downstream consumption of electronics and industrial demand.
In 2022, China’s market reached 39 billion yuan. In the future, the demand for mcu will increase significantly with rapid developments in such areas as car intelligence, electric motorization, and the network.
Figure 402018-2023 China market size (Billions of yuan, %) (2) Highest share of motor electronics in mcu applications worldwide, dominated by consumer electronics in the domestic market. mcu is widely applied in the areas of motor electronics, industrial control/medical care, consumer electronics, computer networks, based on icintight data, all
Downstream applications are distributed mainly in the areas of motor electronics, industrial control, consumer electronics and medical health, accounting for 35 per cent, 24 per cent, 18 per cent, 14 per cent, respectively. In the domestic market, the end of the application is concentrated in consumer electronics, computer networks, motor electronics, smartic cards, and industrial controls, accounting for 26 per cent, 19 per cent, 15 per cent, 15 per cent and 10 per cent, respectively.
The domestic mcu market has a relatively high share of consumer electronics, and there are still larger and more promising growths in automobile electronics and industrial controls. Figure 41: Share of global mcu downstream applications in 2020 (%) 3.2.2. Automotive intelligence, powered by rapid expansion of the car mcu market
(1) mcu is widely applied in the broad areas of smart cars and is one of the core components of car electrons. Car chip is divided according to function into five major categories of computing control chips (mcu, soc, etc.), storage chips (ram, rom), power semiconductors (igbt, mosfet, etc.), communications chips, sensors chips (cis, mems, gyroscopes, etc.), car regulations.
Class chips are widely used in motor power systems, smart cabins, and autopilot systems, which are the core components indispensable to car electrons. The standard mcu is more widely used in smart cars, ranging from motor controls, rainbrushers, window controls, electric chairs, air conditioning and other body control units, to complex smart vehicle-car functions, such as body power, car control,
Information entertainment, assistive driving, etc., each function is supported by complex chip sets and stable algorithms. Figure 43 Automcu application area (2) Car regulation mcu is the core component of the smart car control unit ecu, the computing brain of the car ecu.
Sub-control unit ecu is the core control component of modern car electronics, which refers broadly to all electronic control systems on vehicles, which can be divided into ems (engine controllers), tcu (speedbox controllers), vcu (car-wide controllers), etc. depending on the management function, while mcu is the chip in the ecu that handles data processing and operation.
A pedal signal and other component signals to determine the driver's driving intentions and monitor the status of the vehicle, with a corresponding determination by Vcu that the vehicle's operational control instructions are sent through mcu to the power system, the power cell system, so that controls are now in place on motor and vehicle-mounted power system working patterns, driving cars to run normally.
Bitmcu began to play the role of master processing centre in a car electronics system, centralizing low-level electronic control units throughout the area.
According to the China-China Association, the sales of new energy vehicles grew from 331,000 to 68,87,000 vehicles in 2015-2022, with an average annual compound growth rate of 54.28 per cent; between January and October 2023, the sales of new energy sources were 7.28 million vehicles, an increase of 37.8 per cent over the same period.
30.4 per cent of sales, based on the number of motor vehicles carrying mcu, according to data from the Ministry of Research of the China Markets Society, the average number of ecu in conventional fuel cars is about 70, the average number of ecu in luxury traditional fuel vehicles is about 150, and the average number of smart car ecu is about 300, which is more traditional fuel cars and luxury cars.
With two to four times the growth of a Chinese fuel vehicle, the growth is mainly in smart cabins, body stability, and safety. As car electricization, network connectivity, intelligence, and sharing increase, the use of mcu for a single car system will continue to be high (4) and the size of the car mcu market will continue to grow, and forward-looking layout is expected to help companies raise their market share.
Automotive intelligence, electric motorization, network connectivity and sharing are rapidly developing, and mcu applications in the electronics sector are being scaled up to $3001 million a year, an increase of 13.59 per cent, compared to the annual market size of the motorcau industry, which is expected to grow to $4.274 billion by 2025.
The company is expected to benefit from the size and speed of the Chinese automobile mcu market in 472019-2025 ($US million, %) as automobile intelligence and electrodynamic trends tend to increase.
3.2.3. The industrial control market is very promising and triggers the demand for mcu (1), which is a core component in the field of industrial control, which enables data collection, processing, transmission and control. The area of industrial control is the second largest application market after the car class, where the mcu chip is used for automated control, power drive,
Industrial robots, instrument instruments, invertors, etc., perform electrical and data-collection control functions. mcu can control production lines, robots, sensors, and implementers, with high accuracy, high reliability, multiple communications protocols and interfaces, dust, water and corrosion protection, for example, industrial robots, for industrial robots.
The complex movement required requires high-precision control of the location, direction, speed, and torque of the electric power, while the mcu can perform the complex, high-speed calculations required for electrical control. Industrial robots use at least a dozen mcu products, and the number of mcus on board will continue to grow in the future as the complexity of industrial equipment increases.
(2) Industrial automation is one of the most important core technologies and industries in modern manufacturing, covering electricity, electronics, computers, artificial intelligence, electromechanics, and is a typical high-value-added industry. According to frost&sullivan data, the global industrial automation market reached its size in 2021.
With 431.05 billion dollars, as industrial control technologies continue to innovate, and the demand for industrial self-motivated equipment will increase further in various applications, the global automated industrial market is expected to be 543.66 billion dollars by 2025. For domestic markets, data from the industrial control network show that the industrial automation market continued to grow in 2017-2021.
As the restructuring of our industrial economy and industrial upgrading continue, large manufacturing markets will provide good opportunities for the development of the domestic industrial automation sector and further boost the growth of the mcu. Figure 48 sets the size of the global industrial automation market, 2020-2025 (in millions of dollars, per cent)
Figure 492017-2023 The size of China ' s industrial automation market (in billions of yuan, per cent) is on the rise in the domestic industrial control market, with a combined annual growth rate of 9 per cent. As of 2020, the demand for mcu products was 2.6 billion yuan, and it is expected that the size of the industrial control market will reach 3.5 billion yuan by 2026.
The steady progress in manufacturing, the increasing use of automated control systems, which are essential as a central control, and the industrial control industry, which requires a large amount of mcu products in manufacturing, will continue to grow in demand for them in the future. At a time of continued weakness in consumer electronics markets, industrial controls and auto electronics will become mcu together.
One of the central drivers of market growth. Figure 50 2015-2026: China ' s industrial control of the mcu market size and rate of increase (billion yuan, %) (4) Monopoly innovation of gd32mcu products is widely applied in the field of photovoltaic inversion and storage energy.
The core equipment of the power generation system, accompanied by the development of the global photovoltaic industry, shows a rapid growth trend, with global photovoltaic converter output rising from 59.7gw in 2015 to 185.1gw in 2020, with an average annual compound growth rate of 25.40%.
A variety of industrial control scenarios, including human interaction (hmi), rapid shutdown of Racial detection, optimization of efficiency, bms monitoring protection, photovoltaic fittings, etc., whose master mcu requires multi-circuit high-precision adc to collect voltage and current signals, high-precision timers to produce pwm control and frequency capture functions and to support hardware decompositionors, floating point calculations, triangulation functions plus
Modules, such as speed machines, run efficient control algorithms. (5) Bei-Li's innovative introduction of multi-mcu products as a master chip to support motor drive. Power control units, as an electrical conversion unit connecting batteries to a battery, are at the core of the power-driven and control system, with market demand.
The power-driven control system, based on high-performance high-speed processors, can achieve complex and variable control algorithms, further improve power efficiency, and, in the case of controllers, integrate power devices, drivers, controls, sensors, power sources, etc., not only to reduce volume, but also to improve power.
Systems efficiency reduces energy consumption. The company has introduced multi-power-driven development platforms for the power-driven market, such as gd32e230c-foc, using the gd32e230c8t6 chip from the core of kernel -m23 as the master control mcu, with gd30dr8306 as the driving chip to complete the motor-driven function.
3.2.4. Increase in the size of the market for smart, digitally assisted consumer electronics (1) The continued increase in performance and volume demand for mcu products as intelligent hardware is highly sophisticated and diversified.
Equipment, smart phones, computers, smart homes, data processing, communications, time control, etc.
Surveillance of battery voltage, etc.; mcu can be combined with smart sound boxes, floor sweep robots, telecommunications groups, webs, smart cooks, smart lighting systems, etc., for voice interactions, communication interactions, temperature control, sensor control, etc. As the technology develops, consumer demand for smart, digital electronics is growing and driving.
Mercu products continue to grow in performance and volume demand. (2) There is an upward trend in the size of the consumer electronic market as a result of the development of new industries such as artificial intelligence and access to goods. Consumers are mainly electronic whole-office products for the general consumer market, including mobile phones, computers, home appliances, etc., which in recent years have been artificially intelligent.
The development of new technologies such as energy, cloud computing, material networking, virtual reality, the rapid rotation of consumer electronics, the rapid growth of consumer electronics markets such as smartphones, flat-board computers, etc., also provides a strong driving force for consumer electronics development. We are the world’s leading consumer electronics front-line market, with consumer electronics being the world’s largest in scale and consumer electronics.
In recent years, the domestic consumer electronics industry has continued to expand, diversified and innovative outcomes have emerged, and industrial chains and supply chains have grown steadily to become the world’s leading consumer electronics frontier market. Figure 542017-2023 shows the size of China’s consumer electronics market (billion yuan, %)
Figure 532017-2023 Global consumer e-market size ($ billion, per cent) (3) Smart, digitally enabled consumer e-upgrading, increasing demand for mcu in the consumer e-business sector. Global mcu is relatively high, while domestic is relatively high in consumer e-business, and in recent years semiconductor moor
The laws influence the speed with which consumer electronics are being updated, pc, mobile phone manufacturers are increasing the technological content of their products, and the demand for mcu products is increasing in the manufacturing process. The growing size of the market for smart households and apparel is also driving the demand for mcu in the consumer electronics sector.
The size of our consumer electronics market has grown steadily from year to year, with China ' s consumer electronics market requiring about 7 billion yuan in 2020, and the consumer electronics sector ' s demand for mcu is increasing with the trend towards high-end and diversification of smart hardware, and China ' s consumer electronics market is expected to reach 9.7 billion yuan by 2026.
Figure 55 2015-2026 Size and acceleration of China’s consumer electronics market (billion yuan, %) (4) Corporate mcu chips have a rich range of products and solutions in the consumer electronics field. Companies’ mcu products cover consumer electronics such as tws headphones, mobile phones, computers, smart homes, etc.
Smart screen interactive modules, ipcamera, fingerprint locks moc, portable blood oxygen machines, home-based oxygen machines, infrared hot guns, etc.
3.3. Overseas oligopolies, large national production alternatives, have a high concentration in the (1)mcu sector, with overseas producers accounting for more than 90% of the world ' s share. In global markets, the mcu market is dominated by offshore enterprises such as Ngi Pu, Risa, IA semiconductors, micro-chip technology, British fling, Texas instruments.
According to the data published by Yoleintelligence, in 2022, the market share of Mcu was the top ten cents, with British flyers, Reza Electronics and Engchipo both ranked in the top three, with 18% of the market share, and fourth and fifth, the IA semiconductor and microcore technology, with 15.5% and 12%, respectively, followed by Texas instruments, three star half-conductors, and New Tang.
Technology, core technology, and Chinese semiconductors. The top 10 manufacturers, with the exception of New Tang and China, are overseas enterprises such as the United States, Japan, the Netherlands, and Germany, with a 90% share of the city and a higher concentration of the industry market, with oligopolistic patterns. (2) The domestic mcu market is dominated by overseas producers, and domestic firms are accelerating their rise.
The market size of China ' s mcu market is about 39 billion yuan. Based on data collected by dozens of listed companies, including Mcu-led domestic Mcu-led companies, i.e. easy-to-innovation, mediocre electronics, meso-directionals, microelectrics, and national technology, we measure their respective share of the market, with Mcu innovation ranking at the top of 7.25% of the market share, with cr standing at 16%.
According to the Department’s annual report, in 2022, Mcu achieved a combined revenue of 7,584 million yuan, with a market share of about 19.45 per cent, and we expect the total share of domestic production to be more than 20 per cent. Foreign Mcu enterprises account for nearly 80 per cent of China’s market share, while Chinese Mcu enterprises account for a lower share of China’s market share.
(3) The Mcu track in the country is dominated by consumer electronics, domestic electricity, and medium- and low-end industrial controls, with medium-to-high-end layouts to be upgraded. In terms of product layout for major domestic companies, there are more high-end product lines in Mcu firms abroad, while Mcu manufacturers in the country focus mainly on medium-to-low-end products.
Distance; mega-innovation and reciprocal micro-electricity are far ahead of market value and revenue, and the mcu business application domain is broader; in the mcu category, most companies in the country are dominated by 32-bit arm architecture generic mcu. Given the long-term trend that intellectualization, arithmetic, intelligent interconnection, and demand for national production replacements will continue to release mcu chips.
The application coverage will become more widespread, and the distribution of medium- and high-end areas and the presence of municipalities will increase steadily. (4) The 32 Mcu leading producers in the country are expected to produce a full replacement for the beneficiary countries. In the case of the Mcu national production substitution opportunities, we believe that companies will have an adequate yield replacement trend, mainly in the following areas: 1) the product matrix is rich and sustained.
New products are being expanded. From 2013 onwards, the Gd32mcu family has been expanded to 41 product series, more than 500 mcu products over a 10-year period, successfully built up an integrated high-school low-end market around the arm core, using mcu ecosystems to achieve a mainstream application market for generic, low-cost, high-performance, low-power, wireless connections, etc.
(ii) Maintenance of technological innovation and technological leadership and continuous and increased investment in R & D. In the process, the company ' s mcu products currently cover 110 nm, 55 nm, 40 nm, 22 nm processes and are in the vanguard of the industry; in addition, the Department attaches great importance to building R & D teams and managing the R & D process, maintaining higher levels of R & D inputs, and 2022 corporate R & D inputs
The company, in cooperation with mainstream crystallized mills, sealing companies, has the safeguards of technological sophistication and production reliability, while at the same time, it has established a range of requirements for high reliability and low-deficiency components for industrial equipment or vehicles.
Autonomous testing laboratories for a range of reliability tests, including high-temperature shocks, electrical properties, failure analysis, emi resistance to interference, can perform 7* 24-hour testing and calibration services in accordance with international standards.
4.1. Acquisition of the Shanghai Slim microfiche sensor business and lead in the fingerprint chip industry (1) Mono-Innovation completes the acquisition of 100% of Slim's equity in 2019, and the layout of sensors.
Technology Ltd. was established in 2010 to work on multi-point touch sensors, fingerprint sensors, integrated circuit chips, and products and related electronic components. The company launched its first autonomous multi-point touch chip, gsl1680 in 2011 and created the first single-layer multi-touch chip, gsl1688 globally in 2012 and then matured multi-touch chip technology and
The programme became a market leader in 70% of the domestic flatbed development market; the first national fingerprint-based fingerprint recognition sensor-gsl162 and its integrated solutions were launched in 2014; and high-performance, low-capacity biometric chip and system solutions were continuously customized for the market and customers with advanced technological innovations.
In the field of sensor operations for touch control and fingerprint recognition, figure 60 MIG (Slim) sensor development history (2) company sensor operations (sensor) include touch control chips, fingerprint recognition chips, lcd touch control, capacitors
Fingerprints, optical fingerprints, etc. have a wide range of applications. The touch-control chip consists of two broad categories of self-compatibility and mutual tolerance, covering mobile phones, tablets, smart homes, etc., and supports Toto's big resistance, single-storey multi-point, ultra-narrow border functions, the largest supplier of ogs; the number of accesses can range from a minimum of 26 to a maximum of 72 and is the most full touch core on the market.
The company's fingerprint chips include optical fingerprints, electrocution fingerprints, and so forth. From 2014, the first 6*6mm capacitator fingerprints were launched, the first shot under the screen was launched in 2018, and over the years, the multi-ship/high/medium smartphone commercial pre-/replace/side capacitation and optical programs have become the market.
Mainstream programmers. At the same time, the layout of multi-area needs, such as mobile terminals, wearing devices, mobile medicine, etc., enhances synergies with company operations on other product lines.
The Division has been working for years in the field of touch and control, the industry is well-established, and the capacitor and chip products are mainly capacitated.
Chips, which are used to control smart terminals such as smart phones, tablets, etc., the main clients are the odm and white-card mobile smart terminal markets in mainland China, long-term stabilization of customer resources and high customer stickyness. As a result of new applications such as capacitable touch chips downstream, market size is growing, based on qyresearch statistics.
The size of the global capacitation touch chip market was $1,842 million in 2022, and global market size is expected to reach $2.813 billion in 2029, with an average annual compound growth rate of 6.3 per cent.
(4) Fingerprint recognition chip penetration is increasing and the market is expanding. Since 2016, fingerprint recognition chip rapid penetration in the dry smartphone market, with 640 million global fingerprint recognition smartphones in 2016, 43% penetration in the smartphone market, and fingerprint recognition chip in mobile smart terminals.
Continued penetration has further contributed to a sharp increase in the volume of its shipments, with high data from Sun-day predicting global fingerprint recognition smartphone market penetration by 2020, which is expected to rise to 88%, with domestic fingerprint recognition smartphone penetration reaching 91%. According to ccid, the global and domestic fingerprint recognition chip market in 2017 was $3.20 billion and $1,120 million, respectively, with ccid forecast.
The size of the global and domestic fingerprinting chip market will rise to $4,720 billion and $1,720 million, respectively, in 2020, and there will be wide scope for the development of the fingerprint recognition chip market.
Figure 63 Global and domestic fingerprint recognition cellular penetration rates, 2015-2020 (%) (v) The company has the fourth largest global market for touch chips and the third largest global market for fingerprint chips. In the field of fingerprint sensor chips, according to data from the Chinese Industrial Research Institute, our biometric products were still identified with fingerprints in 2020.
Mainly, they account for one third of the overall market for ultrabioidentification technologies; hand-shaped recognition, as a technology associated with fingerprint identification, is 26%; and more technically difficult human-face recognition, acoustic recognition, iris recognition, 16%, 11%, and 11%, respectively.
Sensor sales are increasing. According to Sadie, in 2018, the company sensor business (Smee) had a global market share of 11.40% of the touch chip, ranking fourth; the global market share of the fingerprint chip was 9.40%, ranking third, and the top two were top technology, fpc.
4.2. In the field of advance simulation, anchoring power management (1) overseas manufacturers have a monopoly and domestic producers have a wide range of alternatives. As the downstream electronic equipment industry develops, the demand for chips is growing and, according to the China-China Information Network data, the market for power management chips has stabilized since 2019.
In 2022, the size of the market was about 81.1 billion yuan, an increase of 6.29 per cent, an average annual growth rate of 6 per cent in 2019-2022, and the market is expected to reach 85.1 billion yuan in 2023. Currently, our power management chip is largely cut off by overseas producers, and the domestic power management chip industry started late, with the main players being crystalline sources, São Paulo shares, rich electronics, and Ming.
Microelectronics, cyborgs and Shanghai Bay Ridge, with market shares of 1.18 per cent, 0.74 per cent, 0.63 per cent, 0.62 per cent, 0.45 per cent and 0.22 per cent respectively, in 2022, domestic firms have begun to break through chips such as ac-dc, dc-dc, etc., and are expected to gradually replace overseas manufacturers.
Figure 65 Size of China ' s power management chip market (billion yuan, %) Figure 662022 share of domestic power management chip enterprise market (%) (2) Continued layout, enrichment of new product lines, simulation of long-term trends in product operations.
Four main product lines with dedicated power management, power drive, high-performance power sources and lithium batteries are managed, which can be widely applied in the tws series of simulation products around mcu-related ecological construction, and multi-source solutions have been developed with gd32mcu, which can create effective synergies between deep-dought and newly excavated priority vertical markets, further expanding the market by gd30analog products
(iii) Introduction of mcu-based products, such as power management chips, and the creation of a “mcu department store”. The company's gd30 series of products, built around mcu-related ecology, has continued to produce mcu-related products, such as wireless mcu, power management chips, etc.
Clients provide one-stop services. Specially designed power management products are covered. Typical applications include: tws headphones; power management solutions; tws headphone management programmes; smart watch power management programmes; hearing aid power management programmes; portable medical device power management programmes; high-performance power products, applicable to wireless infrastructure and industrial applications, which are also full.
Demand for noise-sensitive areas such as high-speed communication, radio frequency, medical, etc.; in addition, there are electric power-driven products, lithium battery tubes 5.1. Profit prediction assumptions are split up with operations that can be divided into storage chip operations, mcu operations, and business that are easily innovative, based on operations disclosed in the company ' s annual report.
Sensor operations, technical services and other operations, of which: 1) storage chips, which are the company ' s basic inventory business, are mainly divided into noorflash, slcnand and self-research branded drams, with an average annual growth rate of 27.28 per cent of the company ' s revenue from 2018-2022.
NOR OPERATIONS: Noorflash accounts for about 80 per cent of the company ' s storage operations, and demand is expected to recover continuously as customers and channel stocks are deconstructed and end-consumptions are restored, while companies consolidate their share of consumer electronics and actively expand industrial controls with annual noor revenues of 2,956 million yuan, 34,33 million yuan and 4,495 million yuan, respectively;
~105°C temperature to meet demand in areas such as business rules, industry regulations, and so on. In 2019, the company directed an additional $4,324 million worth of dram operations, continued research and development of dram technologies under a 1xnm-level process, continued product upgrading and, in addition, long-term strategic cooperation between the company and well-known leading manufacturers in the country, supply chain stabilization, dram marketing operations were discontinued in the third quarter of this year and self-owned.
The branded dram product is expected to continue to grow, and we expect to earn $301 million in 2023-2025 and slcnand, respectively: companies have achieved full product coverage in the areas of consumer electronics, industry, automobile electronics, etc.
The overall layout of the Nandflash car regulation, which is complementary to the Spinorflash, is expected to be further dynamic. 2)mcu, the company has now successfully produced 41 product series, more than 500 mcu products, the company's product composition continues to be optimized, downstream applications continue to rise in the industrial sector, and in the future, as the inventory of high-quality customers from downstream industries deconstructs and
The climate recovery, the build-up of product output in the areas of consumption and front-loading applications, the growth of mcu operations, the prospect of gradual warming, 3) sensors, companies reaching fourth place in the global market for touch chips, the third place in the global market for fingerprint chips, the second place in China, and the higher market share in the industry; and the company ' s continuous product upgrading, targeting wearables, mobile medicine, etc.
Needs in non-cellular areas, such as iot, are stymied to promote synergies with the company’s product lines, and future operations are expected to grow robustly. Given the current adverse factors, such as low global consumption, the demand for mobile end-of-life markets is weak, income from 2023 is likely to be available for technical services and others, the company’s revenues from technical services are derived from the company’s provision of specialized technical services to customers.
Revenues, companies have autonomous and complete intellectual property rights that customize the storage chip that they need to customise to their clients’ needs, and services and holistic solutions that help clients reduce the time and cost of product development and improve the efficiency of product development. We anticipate that, with regard to the Māori rate, we have also made the following projections based on business splitting:
The current consumer electronics market is generally underperforming, the demand for industrial markets is falling short of expectations, the overall demand is falling sharply, the prices of products sold are under pressure, and the Māori rate may have fallen in 2023. Looking ahead, in 2024, with the expansion of nonflash, mcu products to medium- and high-end industries, the automotive sector, and the increase in the proportion of self-research branded drams, the company Māori ratio is expected to progress gradually.
The company is supposed to enjoy a higher valuation premium as a base storage +mcu double-twin, short-term benefit cycle, long-term benefit from the synergies of horizontal and vertical development and the Matthews effect. The company, as the leading semiconductor designer in the country, builds the foundation for storage, sustains the mcu business, and the sensor business is maintained in the first echelon and starts to expand the pmic product.
Overseas operations are growing rapidly, industry is rising, cars are breaking further, and the company’s diversified business structure is further strengthened. The storage of chips and mcu are two of the company’s cornerstones.
The main business of the Orchid stock, the Pulse share, is designed for the storage chip, the central business of central electronics, core technology is designed for the mcu, innovation takes root in the storage business and the development of mcu, sensors, analog products and overall solutions, the company covers 2023 - for the first time, giving a "buy-in" rating. Companies have absolute leadership in the storage of chips and mcu in the country.
The product covers the lower end of the high school market and is expected to fully benefit from the alternative trends, taking into account the growth of the company and its ability to produce, and taking into account the further expansion and volume of its new product lines, we believe that the company is expected to enjoy a higher valuation level. 1) The macro-environment and industry volatility risk: the semiconductor sector is facing global competition and cooperation and is subject to domestic and foreign ambitions.
Observing the impact of macro-environmental factors such as the economy, industrial regulations and friction in international trade, with a certain degree of cyclical volatility in the industry 2) The risk of increased competition in the market: semiconductor industries are technology-intensive, domestic and foreign firms continue to increase chips, new technologies, new processes, more competitive industries, industry leaders in terms of capital strength, technological reserves, channels and brands, etc.
There is a clear competitive advantage on all sides, and if new entrants fail to establish effective strategies to maintain and enhance their dynamic competitive capacities, they will have a negative impact on the performance of their firms. (3) Supply chain risks: supply of corporate products using the Fables operating model, crystal-rounding plants and seal testing plants, etc.
There is a risk of uncertainty as to whether the productive capacity of the links in the chain can guarantee procurement needs and reasonable costs.Appendix: three series of statements predicting values, using data information that is legally compliant, careful presentation of findings and independent and objective presentation of the present report.
There is no direct or indirect relationship between the specific recommendations or views expressed in this report. Reflecting the personal analysis and judgement of the researcher at the time of the presentation of this report, and not representing the position of East Sea Securities Co. Ltd. or any of its affiliates or affiliates, the company may issue other reports that are inconsistent with the information contained in this report and that have different conclusions.
Reports and review articles. Where permitted by law, the company’s associated institutions may hold and trade securities issued by the companies covered in the report and may be providing or seeking to raise them.