[AG/MC] Chinese Medicines: Industrial Business Together, Main Products 100 Millions, Acapo Sugar Sales High Innovations (Kyoto)
The pharmaceutical industry has performed well, with its main product, 100% of the capsules and Acapose, out of 3.5 billion, and the pharmaceutical industry has achieved an operating income of 5.642 billion yuan, an overall increase of about 20 per cent over the same period.
The sales of 100 million capsules (single) passed the $2 billion mark, the recovery rate was estimated at about 20 per cent, and the sales of Acapo Sugar (Cabopin) passed the 1.5 billion mark this year, after last year's breakthrough, with an estimated increase of 30 per cent, which together contributed 62 per cent of the sales revenues of the pharmaceutical industry.
The Jiangdong base project for fermented winter worm summer herb powder was launched in June last year, while it was automated, stock prices were relative to market performance (nearly 12 months) The new version of the National Health Insurance Directory was adjusted, Acapo sugar was changed from Healthcare Group B to Category A, and the reimbursement rate was guaranteed
The range has been expanded, with the company Akapo's winning price being about 30% lower than the price of Bayer products (Beaton) and is expected to maintain a 20-30% increase per year. Some of the increases in the pharmaceutical industry are expected for other products of the company, such as immuno-transplants (cyclosultanene, tacmos, or non-coupol esters), digestive tracts, or platinum, etc.
In 2016, a portion of the pharmaceutical business sales reached $19.736 billion, close to $20 billion, an increase of 16.1 per cent compared to the previous year.
From traditional medicine-distributive enterprises to integrated health service providers, from product-centred marketing to customer-centred service marketing.
The business model, with a sales value of 400 million yuan for the company’s agent, has been growing at a rate of 100% for three years, making it a representative of a successful transition. In a “two-vote” environment, companies are leading regional business deployments, and the pharmaceutical business sector is expected to continue to expand market ownership in Zhejiang.
The total direct and indirect R&D expenditure of companies and holding companies over the period was approximately $264 million, an increase of 15.8% over the same period. In the product treatment of disease profile, the consolidation and expansion of immunosuppressants, diabetes and gastrointestines continued.
Development and process improvement of products in the field of pharmacology, with a focus on anti-cancer drugs, and accelerated development of hyperbiotic and cardiovascular drugs.
During this period, 13 clinical batches were obtained for the production of four production batches, such as raw materials and preparations in the western part of the country, and for the supply of vinyl tablets, completing 10 new clinical batches for the company's annual report.
I now have a 42-fold market surplus for the pharmaceutical industry as a whole, a 30-fold margin for high-quality pharmaceutical companies, such as the Lecter Group and the Tianxley Group, and 28-fold for the company’s long cycle of p-band fluctuations in the last two years.
Wang Fenghua: Master’s degree at the Chinese People’s University and currently President of the Associated Securities Institute.
The author has the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes without any third party.