The medium- and long-term benefits from the health insurance catalogue adjustment. Income growth is robust, core products are growing faster and stocks are more abundant, and the growth rate is stable.
We believe that the company ' s future revenue ends are driven by sustained growth, mainly because: 1) the company Jiangdong produced 1,200 tons of fermented winter weed powder a year (phase I) which was launched in July 2016 to address the energy bottlenecks of 100% capsules; 2) on the commercial side, the company moved 27 regions further
Main shareholders (2016y) Dismantled into 96 regions, expanding the end market for district hospitals; 3) The company obtained 13 clinical batches of brimstone Imatol and lineptamide tablets in 2016 and 100 orders of granules, platinums, etc.
Four production batches of Xeroxin tablets, geo-westerine raw materials and preparations, as well as a stock of high-quality products such as Omelazole and Tekmo Division: 4) The company intends to invest $2.25 billion in the second phase of the construction of Jiangdong project for the production of Acarbo sugar raw materials and preparations, poly-diabetes, super-antibiotics, Chinese medicine
Recovery and formulation products, export of formulation products, etc., and future approval of successful production of new products while meeting the company ' s medium- and long-term development needs, are expected to achieve an average annual increase in profits and a small decrease in financial costs in the post-natal period in 2021
In 2016, the company achieved a net profit return of 1,447 million yuan, an increase of 31.88 per cent. The management rate fell by almost 1 percentage point over the quarter, and the sales rate for the fourth quarter fell by 1.35 percentage points over the same period: 3) The company was set to raise nearly 3.5 billion yuan in 2016 to supplement the flow
Funds, significant reductions in the company ' s financial costs after partial repayment of loans, company ' s financial costs in 2016 Report No. Wy17-ct01 Beneficiary new version of health insurance catalogue adjustment
On February 23, the Ministry of Human Welfare released a new version of the health insurance catalogue, which is part of the restructuring of the company's contents: 1) Acapose sugar is raised from Healthcare Group B to Category A, and the proportion of health care payments is rising, which is expected to lead to an increase in sales: 2) a new health insurance catalogue for datomicillin, thorphine and sulfoda liver to sodium.
Datomoxin received production approvals in 2015 and academic promotions, and bofen received production approvals in 2016. Sodium sulfa is being declared for production. In the future, high-quality domestically produced medicines are expected to benefit from a larger market share, in the context of health-care payment standards.
The market surplus is lower than the industry average. We believe that: (1) the company ' s priority products continue to grow at a rapid rate, with a rich stock of products, which helps to sustain steady income-side growth; and (2) with the restructuring of the new health insurance catalogue, the sale of Capopin, 100% capsules is expected to be increased further, and the new health insurance catalogues of datomicillin,
Sodium sulfurin, sulfurda and sodium sodium are expected to be released as new targets move forward; 3) The commissioning of the Jiangdong project phase effectively addresses the production of 100% capsules, and the subsequent Jiangdong project phase II is well prepared for the production of new products, which we believe will benefit the company in the medium to long term.
In addition, any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, and will not be, associated with the specific recommendations or observations in this report.
The company is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.