Core varieties lead to high growth in the pharmaceutical industry, market integration + innovation for business stability — 2016 report outperforms expectations
Juddji, research assistant Xu Wangyang, the net profit of the owner of the listed company was 1,447 million yuan, an increase of 31.88 per cent in the same year; belonging to
The net profit of shareholders of listed companies netting off non-recurring gains and losses of $1.411 billion increased (including taxes) on a year-on-year basis, while capital funds were used to transfer 10 shares per 10 shares to all shareholders.1 There has been a significant increase in core medicines, with a strong reserve of second-line products providing greater flexibility for company development.
1) The company’s core core product of 100 billion yuan worth of capsule sales has grown by more than 20%. The company’s 100 million capsules market, which now dominates the city’s public hospitals, will continue to grow in the future, and the whole market will continue to grow as the graded clinics progress.
At the same time, the company Jiangdong produces 1,200 tons of fermented winter weed powder (phase I) which was successfully verified on site by gmp and officially launched in July 2016, as planned.
The company’s overall shift in fermented winter worm summer herb powder production to the Jiangdong base has effectively addressed the company’s lack of capacity for fermented herb powder production. In 2017, the company’s 100% capsule was expected to remain at over 20% of the end-use and overall expansion of capacity.
2) The high rate of Acarbo sugar growth is underpinned by the “Health Insurance Directory Adjustment + Consistency Evaluation + Import Substitution.” In the new Health Insurance Directory, Acarbo sugar was adjusted from class B to class A, so that the entire Acapo sugar market is growing in space as end payment adjustments take effect.
The sugar market is dominated by the original researcher Bayer, who is well ahead of the domestic manufacturer of the U.S.-American, Hwadong, and Sichuan Powder Industries. The company and green leaf products have a price advantage over the Bayel Akapo Sugar.
The company’s products, in addition to 100% capsules, had to complete a generic consistency evaluation by the end of 2018. Three of the products included Akapo sugar tablets, and the company is currently implementing the planned consistency evaluators.
In 2016, Acapo sugar was sold more than 1.5 billion yuan, an increase of nearly 30 per cent.
Large, we believe that the species will continue to grow at around 30% in 2017. In addition to the established target of $1.5 billion in sales revenue from Kabopin, with regard to corporate organ transplants, the disease-free regime, his Komo Division removed the applicable condition from the new version of the health-care catalogue, and with the organs, he was able to reduce the risk of disease.
Supply recovery is expected to yield. 4) Health insurance catalogue adjustment + product ladder construction, company stock maintenance for long-term high-speed growth.
In category A, three other products, including his Kmose capsule, have been removed from service, and the company ' s leading position in the four specialized areas of renal strengthening, endocrine, immunosuppression, digestive systems has been working to expand the three new areas of anti-cancer, anti-heavy infection and cardiovascular care, in various projects.
With the joint efforts of the R & D team, 13 clinical batches were obtained throughout the year, including Imatol sulfonic acid, lineptine tablets, 100 tons of granules, thorphins, geo-westerine raw materials and four batches of preparations, as well as a pool of competitive innovations and first replicas.
On the other hand, in the case of platinum needles, the country’s first family submitted and accepted a request for ada to the United States of America, initiating clinical research on his Kmos capsule overseas, and clinical trials are now well under way. The company’s array of product ladders for pharmaceutical preparations also provides a sustained impetus for the company’s future development.
With regard to the marketing of production capacity, the company Jiangdong Production Base Phase II project has completed planning validation and pre-design to serve as the company's future production base for Akapo sugar, multi-sulin insulin, super antibiotics, Chinese preparations and export agents, as well as for the future expansion of the company's production capacity.
The company's concentration in the pharmaceutical business in Zhejiang province is expected to increase further, and the agent business has maintained steady revenue. In 2016, the company achieved $20.1 billion in revenue from business operations, a 16.4 per cent increase.
In response, the commercial Māori rate was 7.93 per cent and remained stable at around 8 per cent for the past two years, and the current two-vote system has been stepped up, with Zhejiang as the leader of the pilot medical reform programme, with accelerated implementation expected, and the company as the regional leader in the field of medical circulation in Zhejiang province, Ben.
The policy-driven market integration is expected to lead to a further increase in city occupancy. The company has defined the strategic objective of the pharmaceutical business: to accelerate the completion of the province-wide network of pharmaceutical commercial markets over a period of three to five years, with the distribution of medicines reaching more than 25 per cent of the market in all municipalities throughout the province.
At the same time, Zhejiang Province has introduced a new platform for information flow, commodity flow, and financial flow, a “triple-and-a-half” drug purchase, which will significantly reduce the financial pressure on companies as dealers. Second, the company has been working on a business model shift, with China’s subsidiary, Ningbo, in the US and the United States.
In the field of health, the surrogate imports of beauty products have increased by more than 100 per cent for the third year in a row, with sales exceeding $400 million in 2016 and expected to continue at a rate of more than 50 per cent in 2017, while the high Maori product has increased its net profit in 2016 to $149 million.
62.53%, while companies are expected to copy the model in the future to other medically-American agents. 3. Significant increases in the + heavy profit-sharing programme by major shareholders have highlighted the company’s confidence in the development of firm M & A companies’ non-public distribution of ordinary RMB shares to specific investors on 18 January 2016 (a)
The net amount of $3.468 billion was raised to replenish liquidity and significantly ease the pressure on companies to operate. Ten shares, the first stock transfer in the company in almost 10 years, helped to increase overall liquidity.
Confidence, that the company is currently working on $2.6 billion in cash. After the company has resolved its financial pressures, the company will continue its trend of merger integration in 2017, focusing on overseas targets, further advancing its overseas placement, and continuing to seek international medical excellence.
4. The cost structure has improved the profitability of companies. In 2016, the cost of corporate sales increased by 3.3 billion yuan, compared to 19 per cent in the same year, and the marketing of basically maintained products has accelerated the marketing of the grass-roots markets.
The decrease of 120 million yuan, or 54 per cent in comparison with the previous year, is mainly due to lower financial costs as a result of the company ' s growth, with cost controls providing flexibility for performance.
The corresponding shares are $3.65, $4.66 and $5.93. We believe that the adjustment of the health-care catalogue and the bidding for medicines will lead to the release of the company's medicines, that the vast stock of varieties will provide the company with the potential to develop in the future, and that the company, as a regional leader in the flow of medicine in Zhejiang province, will bring about policy.
First-line products, such as a hundred capsules, Acapose sugar, have been promoted below expectations; “two votes” have fallen below expectations; and East Wu Securities Inc., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, has had an investment advisory on securities.