Performance growth is on track, business is on track, and key financial targets are on track. Companies have achieved 25.380 billion yuan in revenue throughout the year, mainly due to steady growth in the sale of industrial varieties and rapid business growth.
The increase in sales costs is 19.11% over the year, and we judge it to be due to the faster development of marketing teams, county hospitals, and community hospitals. In terms of costs, the increase in management costs is 5.16% over the year, and the decrease in financial costs is 54.29%, due mainly to the reduction in interest-bearing liabilities incurred by companies on repayment of bank loans.
Projects such as the Technology Park I have been consolidated, with 46.27% growth in fixed assets over 16 years and less in construction than in construction. The company reports an annual target of 10 clinical batches of new medicines.
Industrial products are clearly structured, primary Acarbo sugar varieties benefit from expansion and downfall of channels, and new chewing tablets have been approved and are expected to maintain an increase of around 25-30% in the future. Jiangdong produces 1,200 tons per year of fermented winter worm summer herb powder project (phase I) was officially launched in July 16th, with a total investment of about 800 million.
The production capacity is one-fold higher than the original site, and 100% of the capsule production is expected to rise again. The Jiangdong II project is scheduled to be built in the second half of the year, with a solid oral agent production capacity of 4 billion tablets/year, 10,000 bags/year and 6.7 million units/years expected to be completed, together with the company ' s anti-cancer, cardiovascular, super-resistance plans for the next five years.
The grass-roots layout responds to changes in medicine and the New Deal. The provincial network of pharmaceutical commercial markets has accelerated, and the business sector has collected $19,737 million a year, an increase of 0.2 to 7.29 per cent in the same rate.
Over a period of three to five years, the provincial network of pharmaceutical commercial markets was accelerated, with drug distribution reaching more than 25 per cent of the market in all the provinces and municipalities, and a transformation of the business structure supported by province-wide distribution, combined with general agency and a special large health industry.
Third, profit forecasts and investment proposals are 15 times higher. We value the company’s future space and potential, and we continue to maintain a “very recommended” rating.
1. Huadong Medicine (000963), with steady growth in the main variety, Marco, graduate from Nankai University, entered civil security in 2011 for strategic studies. From 2014 to date, he has been transferred to the household electricity industry. Oh Han-hyun, head of the Human Security Medicines Industry Research Group, Doctor of Bioengineering, University of Lincoln, Nebraska, United States of America, Master of Ecology, University of Shanghai
The author has a qualification or considerable professional competence in securities investment advice granted by the Chinese Securities Association and ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,