The low-valued flagship performance supermarket expects that in the future it will be possible to benefit from health-care payment standards that will accelerate progress in the field of medicine in Washington.
The Chinese medicine published its annual report for 2016. The company achieved business income of $25.379 billion in 2016, an increase of 16.81 per cent over the previous year.
Millions of yuan, or 32.52 per cent more than the previous year. Realising a profit distribution plan for the company is $3.00. The company announces the profit distribution plan, which reveals a gold dividend to all shareholders for every 10 shares, an increase of 48.25 per cent over the same period; the net profit attributable to the shareholders of listed companies, net profit of 227 million won against non-recurring gains and losses, an increase of 48.45 per cent over the same period.
The company’s performance increased by 31.88% over the same period, and the supermarket expected to perform better in the entire medical plate. q4 revenue ends grew by 15.95%, slightly lower than in the previous three quarters, while performance grew by 48.25%, mainly because of a sharp drop in the cost end, especially financial costs.
In addition, the company sold over 100 million species of cyclosultans (15% at pdb end), whether or not to replace McCorb esters (18% at pdb end), and his komoshis (24% at pdb end).
The chemical system-type proton-pump inhibitor, the pdb terminal, increased by 5%.
The future of sugar, driven by policies such as consistent evaluation, health-care payment standards, and so on, is expected to sustain import substitution. Second-line varieties are expected to grow by 20%.
Financial costs have declined significantly, benefiting notably from the improvement in the financial situation resulting from the fixed increase of 3.5 billion fully completed.2 Several varieties have benefited from the readjustment of the health-care catalogue, contributing new growth points to the company.
With regard to the variety in the old version of the catalogue, Acapose was adjusted from type B to category A; the cyclosultan sulfur capsule, Tkmex capsules, and the removal of the adaptive restrictions on thioglycetone tablets are all good companies. It is worth noting that in recent days Fujian recently published the Directory for the Purchase of Sunshine on the Publication of the Joint Price of Medicines (first class) and the maximum sales price of health insurance and medical insurance coverage.
Notice of payment of settlement price. For the original drug, in addition to the medication used by the special patient group, the settlement price is set at a low price of 150% of the maximum price of the competitive group and 70% of the maximum price of its own sales, while the settlement price for the counterfeit drug is equal to the maximum price of the sale of the drug.
The price is equal to the highest current price for the sale of health insurance. The difference in the reimbursement rate will lead patients to use generic medicines, and the standard of payment for health insurance will be introduced in good quality pharmaceutical companies. The Akapo sugar is now gradually replacing Bayer, and the market share is rising year by year (figure 1). If future health-care payment standards for national generic medicines are introduced in more provinces, the Akapo sugar for Chinese medicine is expected to be imported faster.
Figure 1: Acarbo Sugar Competition Patterns The Source of Eastern Finance and Surgery3 The Energetic Teams are forming and internationalization takes the first step.
In 2016, the company obtained 13 clinical approvals for brimstone Imatoni, Linenoxamide, and four production batches for granules, thiprofines, geo-westerine raw materials, and preparations. In the field of anti-cancer, the company's declared type of new drug, Myvalani, is currently developing at a normal pace and is in a clinical phase; in the field of cardiovascular vasculars, the company's important product, the liver to sodium sulfonic acid, is currently in production.
The company has taken the first step in its internationalization in 2016, when the company’s head of the company submitted a danda application to the United States of America, initiated a clinical study of his caps overseas, and is now on track. The company is expected to be the first country to pass a consensus assessment.
Price firms, product quality and R & D strength are too strong to be expected to win in the future in domestic drug bidding if they are certified overseas, such as fda or the EU. Rapid growth benefits from health insurance catalogues and consistency evaluations, business benefits from “third-class” asset improvements, and internationalization extensions are expected. We look forward to long-term corporate growth and maintain a “strongly recommended” rating.
100% of the capsule bid is under pressure, and the amount of new bid is lower than expected.
Zhang Kim Yung, head of the pharmaceutical bio-industry team, three years of portfolio research experience, three years of work experience in the pharmaceutical industry. First team leader, first list in 2016, and second non-public list in 2016. Seventh core member of the new wealth team in 2015, third team in 2015
Core member: Master of Pharmacology, Beijing University; Bachelor of Pharmacology, Beijing University; Bachelor of Economics, Beijing University; and Master of Science, Kings Business School, three years old. Served in the China Galaxy Securities Company Ltd., Min Seong Securities Company Ltd., Xi An Youngsen Pharmaceuticals Company Ltd., July 2016.
An analysis of your research views. Any part of your remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to specific recommendations or views in this report.
Our company makes no guarantee of the accuracy and completeness of this information, nor of any change in the information and proposals contained therein. We have tried to report on the objectivity and impartiality of the content, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.
Transactions, which may also provide or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants or financial products to these companies, etc.