Events: The company published its annual report for 2016: the company achieved business income of $25.380 billion a year, an increase of 16.81 per cent.
The company has continued its marketing reforms in recent years, creating different product (line) departments, while at the same time increasing its efforts to expand the marketing workforce at the grass-roots level, which has now been expanded to about 3,000 people and will provide guarantees for the sale of company products at the grass-roots level and in the community. We believe that the marketing of specialized medicines will be carried out in a manner that will guarantee the sale of company products at the grass-roots and community levels.
Unlike generic drugs, which are more professional, academic, product lined and different marketing strategies, the downfall of the channel is expected to further boost the sales of company slow-disease drugs. With marketing reforms, the Māori sales rate has steadily increased, from around 19% in 2011 to the present.
In 2016, the company’s core species of 100-million capsule sales went up by 20 billion yuan, compared to about 20 per cent, and the Acapo sugar sales revenues by 1.5 billion yuan, compared to nearly 25 per cent.
The two main varieties have grown steadily and fast on a higher base, while the company’s immune line has increased at a rate of about 30% for the sale of McCorb esters, Tecmos, and eptocin, with a projected income of about 750 million zirconium. In conjunction with this new version of the health catalogue, the company Acarbo sugar has been upgraded from class B to class A, and will be introduced in subsequent provinces.
The standard for the payment of health insurance will further accelerate the company’s process of import substitution of the products to Bayer’s research.
The company is the largest pharmaceutical business enterprise in Zhejiang province with a better coverage end, with a similar increase of 0.2 percentage points in corporate business Māori in 2016, and is expected to increase with a two-vote system.
The business Māori rate is expected to increase further. In 2016, Ningpo’s agent’s import of urinary acid broke out by $400 million, maintaining a growth rate of more than 100 per cent for the third consecutive year. With the continued heat in the medical beauty market, it is likely that the product will continue to grow at a rapid rate.
The company is well-stocked in the pipeline, and several heavy-pound products are expected to be approved. The company is well-stocked, with a total of about 27 projects in the field of major diseases, such as tumors, cardiovasculars, diabetes, including sulfadha sodium, bouldezomy, Karpofin, three species are in the production stage and the production batch has been obtained in the western part of the country.
Lower-molecular hepatocin has increased considerably, and it is a high-quality surgical anticondensant, and boron for the treatment of Zomi for patients with multiple osteoporomas, with a strong market potential of $1.6 billion worldwide in 2013. These heavy-pound products will be marketed and will further enrich the company’s product lines, laying a solid foundation for the company’s long-term development.
The company is one of the leading drug producers in the country, with its core varieties of 100% capsules and Acarbo sugar market having greater potential as a result of ongoing marketing reforms, such as the sinking of channels. With the introduction of a new version of the health-care catalogue and health-care payment standards, the company’s main product will accelerate the process of import substitution. At the same time, the company is researching a wealth of reserves, many heavy-pound products are about to be marketed, and its future growth will be more certain.
The accuracy and completeness of the information is not guaranteed, nor is there any change in the information and the recommendations contained therein. We have sought to be objective and impartial in the content of the report, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for reference purposes only, and the information or observations in the report are not made.
Securities issued and traded by visiting companies may also provide or seek to provide investment banking services or other clothing for these companies