Two-sink development (000895.sz) Eugand City.
Agriculture, forestry, agriculture, agriculture, agriculture, agriculture, agriculture, agriculture, agriculture, agriculture, agriculture, agriculture, agriculture, agriculture, agriculture, agriculture, agriculture, agriculture, agriculture, agriculture, agriculture, agriculture, agriculture, agriculture, agriculture, agriculture, agriculture, agriculture, agriculture, agriculture, agriculture, agriculture, agriculture, agriculture, agriculture, agriculture, agriculture, agriculture, agriculture, agriculture, agriculture, etc.
156.50 million tons, or 3.7 per cent of the year-on-year growth, have benefited from the optimization of business strategies and the strengthening of internal management, resulting in a modest increase in revenue and profits in the first half of the year. The company plans to continue to press ahead in the second half of the year with the development of a network that will sustain the implementation of innovative market programmes and dynamically adjust the product balance in its own business.
In addition, there has been a marked increase in new outlets for meat products, which are expected to remain high in the second half of the year.
The decline of 0.26 per cent was marked by a marked increase in the size of the company, but some of the frozen stocks had lost their profits by the same year owing to lower volatility in the prices of pork during the first half of the year. 17.6 per cent of sales, such as chained convenience channels, online channels, new retail channels, etc., showed good performance.
Other branches of business achieved operating income of $5.767 billion, an increase of 33 per cent in the same year, and a Māori rate of 3.26 per cent in the same year + 4.00 per cent. The company ' s pig-raising and poultry industries continued to increase in the same year, and the performance of farming improved markedly, with total costs falling steadily.
New business, such as prefabricated vegetables, is steadily moving forward and is expected to contribute to higher performance. In recent years, the company has stepped up the prefabricated plate layout, set up the Catering Department in 2021, and has now formed a professional research and development team and a professional cook's team dedicated to the development of prefabricated vegetable products.
Prefabricated and semi-finished foods such as casseroles, casseroles, casseroles, red meat, double exchange development (000895, sz) 2024: net profit is down by 1% on the same scale.
Food products, with better market feedback, are expected to open up further room for growth in corporate performance. Companies have raw material advantages, processing advantages, channel advantages, and a good basis for development in the new business area of pre-planting, Double Exchange Development (000895.sz)-2023: Business Performance 2023
Two-Sink Development (000895.sz) - High-dimensioned slaughtering and meat products taps, sustained investment proposals: the company is the leader of the country's slaughter industry, with high cash dividends. We maintain profit projections, 2025h1 increases in net profit from mother to child, and overall sales increase robustly.
The Māori rate was 4.90%, a 0.26% decline in the same year, and the company achieved a marked increase in size, but as the prices of pork remained low during the first half of the year, some of the frozen stocks lost more value than others, resulting in a decline in profits from operating raw items.
Other branches of business achieved operating income of $5.767 billion, an increase of 33 per cent in the same year, and a Māori rate of 3.26 per cent, an increase of 4.00 per cent in the same year, the same size of the company ' s pig-raising and poultry industries, a marked improvement in farm performance, and total figure 1: double-sink development of operating income and speed of increase (in billions of yuan, per cent)
Figure 2: Double-sink development single-season operating income and increase (in billions, per cent) Figure 3: Double-sink development net profit and increase (in billions, per cent) Figure 4: Single-sink development net profit and increase (in billions, per cent)
Figure 5: Double-sink development revenue structure (in billions of yuan) Figure 6: Two-sink development major business profitability Figure 8: Double-sink development cost rate change
The net operating cash flow was reduced by the same year, and the number of days of inventory turnover was significantly reduced. The net operating cash flow of 2025h1 was significantly lower. Figure 10: Double-sink development of major liquidity liquidity.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject