Income growth was robust, q2 earnings improved + 3.0%; mother ' s net profit was 2.23 billion yuan, i.e. 1.17% of the year; net profit withheld was 2,215 million yuan, i.e. 0.71% of the year. For the first quarter, 25q2 achieved business income of $14,208 million, i.e. + 6.31% of the year; mother ' s net profit was net.
\triangleright tons, corresponding to 9.04 per cent, mainly due to a decline in sales through traditional channels; 2) price: 25h1 ton at $17,000, 1440 million in revenues and 12 per cent of meat products, resulting in sales of 65,000 tons and sales as compared to meat products
The King's words are 10% heavy; the new canal sales are equal to + 21% and the sales are 17.6%, with leisure snacks and electricity outlets showing a bright spot. 25h1 meat products generate operating profits of $2.98 billion, or 10.4%; and ton profits.
Zhang Lingyu 25h1 slaughter business earned +3.3% of revenue and other business lost the same amount.
Large-scale client development, increased network networking, active exploration of potential efficiency, and improved production and marketing synergization have led to a marked increase in size, owing to the large differences in the pork market this year from the same period, the lower and lower prices of pork last year, the continued downswing this year, and the larger variation in stocks and impairments over the same period, which has affected the same decline in profits for fresh products.
The 25h1 company ' s other operations generated revenue of $5.767 billion, compared to +33.14 per cent, and the company ' s pig farming and poultry industries continued to grow in size, with a marked improvement in farm performance and a continuous decline in total costs, leading to revenue increases for other branches, and the development of double-sinks (000895.sz) in mid-2023:
Support, active participation in competition, and enhanced promotion of high value-for-money products are expected to sustain higher levels in the second half of the year. A slaughtering operation takes advantage of the second half of the year’s consumption of meat and speeds up the opening of new customers’ development and networking, and improves the quality of the shop’s operations; and well-processed product clusters, such as end-of-product roll-out, meet the demand of emerging channels;
We expect that the methodology and analytical logic will lead to findings, that the report will be presented independently and objectively, and that we will be responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of researchers, that the conclusions will not be inspired or influenced by any third party, and that researchers will not receive any direct or indirect recommendations or views for, or for, the purpose of this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.