It is strongly recommended (maintained) that the increase in the cost of short-term overseas financing influences the growth in the company ' s performance by 49.9 billion yuan, or +20 per cent, and that the net return to the mother is 2 billion yuan, or + 11.9 per cent.
The growth in corporate revenue is slightly higher than expected, and the large client, Promax, whose mobile phone assembly business provides a better increase in corporate profits, is being held up by higher offshore financing costs, and 23q1 net return profits are being affected by the rate of increase.
It is not easy to maintain a better level of profit in a situation where the cost of financing has risen significantly, through the upgrading of the product structure and strong cost-control capabilities of the company. It comes from the contribution of consumer electronics, in which we measure the main increase from the module business.
High-speed growth: In view of the overall 23-year growth trend, we project continued growth in the operations of large clients, including large clients, mr and Topmodule, whose revenues are expected to increase by more than 16 billion over 22 years, while zero components and modules are expected to increase by nearly 14 billion, while airpods and applewatch
The company’s business structure has continued to show a trend of improvement over the past 23 years, with new mr operations generating an increase in the volume of revenue generated mostly by modules and components, and a higher level of water for the Mäori rate than assembly, which has facilitated further growth of the company’s roe.
In the area of communications, the company ' s 22-year earnings, which are equal to +293 per cent, have benefited mainly from the company ' s overseas expansion of its operations in core zero components such as electrical connection, light connection, light-module wind/liquid cold evaporation components, where the company is expected to maintain growth capacity of more than 30 per cent per year over the next few years: in steam.
[electronics] Precision (002475.sz): The company's inventory is closed with limited impact of order-down repairs, as the number of operations such as car wires, connectors and vehicle domain controllers is released in the course of the year.
In the area of computer connectivity, corporate income also grew at a rapid rate of +44%, but was affected by computer sales for 23 years, with downside risks in this part of the business.
In iPhone assembly, the company continues to benefit from new machine expansion and share enhancement, and is more flexible in its contribution to profit. We measure the 23-year build-up as a proportion of large customers, which is expected to outperform " Electronic Precision" (002475.sz):
A 20% positive impact on corporate home-to-home profits. The turning point is clear, mobile phone elasticity is becoming apparent, the company will be warming up the external environment in the second half of the year, and we'll still be able to measure the income for the year.
Double-digit growth. The company suffered from weak macroeconomics in the first half of 23 years, iPhone 14 series.
Net assembly operations have increased by 20221020 (2022.10. As a result of factors such as the low number of new items worn in the direction, it is expected that 23q2 will continue to be under some pressure, with the overall battalion `[electronic] high alert (002475.sz): complete
In particular, the company is expected to enter a strong upward cycle in the new mr/vr-related products and the iphone 15 series. Considering the impact of the financial cost component, we adjust the company’s 23-24-year return to the parent’s profit expectations.
The risk of volatility in sales by large clients, economic and political risks, and internal controls resulting from business expansion, the growth in corporate revenue is slightly higher than expected from the data, while the large client, Promax, assembles mobile phones to provide a better increase in corporate profits, but is hampered by higher offshore financing costs, with 23o1 being affected by the rate of net profit growth. According to the financial report, the company ' s 23o1 has a better real overall profitability.
The company’s business model, however, determines that companies need large amounts of offshore financing, while the Fed’s continued high interest rates result in a sharp increase in that portion of financial costs and affect corporate profitability, which, in one quarter, directly affects companies by more than $200 million per quarter. Follow-up expectations are that companies will either enter interest-reduction cycles or improve their profitability effectively.
It is not easy to maintain a better level of profit. It comes from the contribution of consumer electronics, where we measure that the main increase is due to the rapid growth of the module; from the overall 23-year growth trend, we predict that the large client business continues to grow, including the large client mr and Topmoodule, which are expected to grow by more than 16 billion in 22 years.
The revenue increase for the zero components (haptics, vcm, dongle, acoustics) and modules (sip, main charge, etc.) was close to 14 billion, while the airpods and applewatch assembly operations remained stable. The company’s business structure continued to show a trend of improvement over the 23 years, with new mr operations in the assembly business increasing, while the revenue added was mostly to the modules and components, and the Maori level was higher than that of the assembly, allowing the company to grow further upwards.
In the area of communications, where the company ' s 22-year revenue is the same as +293 per cent and is the fastest growing plate, it benefits mainly from the company ' s overseas expansion in core zero components such as electrical connection, light connection, light module cool/liquid cold radiating parts, where the firm has developed a deep technological accumulation that will sustain over 30 per cent of its growth capacity in the coming years; in the area of automobiles, the company ' s layout for many years has begun to work gradually, with 22 years of income equal to 48 per cent; and 23 years with 23 years of growth.
In the area of computer connectivity, the company’s revenues have also grown at a rapid rate of +44% over 23 years, but this part of the business is at a downside risk. In the iPhone assembly, the company continues to benefit from the expansion and increase in its share of the new aircraft, with greater flexibility in its profit contribution.
In the second half of the year, the company will experience a clear warming of the external environment, and we will still measure double-digit growth in its income. The company has experienced a weak economy in the first half of the year, the iPhone 14 series is becoming flat, the consumer is waiting for the iPhone 15 to slow down the purchase machine, and the big customers are wearing the direction.
During the second half of the year, the external environment was warming, especially when large clients began to market new mr/vr-related products and the iphone 15 series, and companies were expected to enter a new round of strong upswings. The rise in the financial costs of corporate offshore financing had a greater impact on corporate profitability, if that component could be reduced through fixed increases and other forms of financing.
This, in turn, has a very positive impact on corporate profits. But we do not think that the current problem is a normal one and does not change the company's long-term business.
Corporate Māori/net interest rate changes Corporate roa/roe changes Risk of volatility in sales of large clients: a company ' s relatively concentrated downstream customers, if the close tied large clients have poor end equipment sales or new products
Economic and political risk: downstream end demand may perform poorly in a depressed global economy and uncertain future conditions, thus affecting corporate demand and corporate performance. At the same time, corporate customers are concentrated abroad, with multiple subsidiaries in Taiwan, Hong Kong, China, the US, Vietnam, etc.
The environment is influenced by factors such as large-scale games, or creates uncertainty about corporate profitability. The risk of internal management associated with business expansion is that firms are operating rapidly in the consumer electronics sector, but also in the automobiles, communications, etc., and are relatively fragmented.