luxshare (002475ch) resilientfy22/1h23despiteindustryheadwinds buy (maintain)
I'm not sure what I'm going to do, but I'm not going to do it.
It's not like I'm going to have to do this, but I'm not going to do it.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, ma'am, ma'am, ma'am, ma'am, ma'am, ma'am, ma'am, ma'am, ma'am, ma'am, ma'am, ma'am, ma'am, ma'am.
Oportunitiesinautomobileier-1bisandar/vrproductcycle.weadjusted fy23-25eepsby-2%/+2%toreflectmacroheadwindsandacleratedauto claudialiu
I'm going to have to do something about it, averagep/e. maintainbuywithnewtpofrmb48.0basedonlowered 28x fy23ep/e.upcomingcatalystsincludeapplemrunchune. stopdata
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, excuses/ npgrothof 39/30% yoy.bygroupment, compute/automotive/communities/consumeractsrevenuegrew 44/48%/293/33% shareholdingstructure
Yoy, whillegpmwaslargelytableat 12.2% infy22.inparticular, its subsidiary, luxcaseprecision (casing & toopmodule), reportedreveue/net profitgrodhof49%/102%andnpmimproved0.7pptyoyto 2.6%infy22.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm not sure if you're the only one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one.
If you're going to do it, you're going to have to do it again, and you're going to have to do it again.
12-mthpriceperformance oem/componentshareallocation 24/25e.benefyingfromapple's suplychainexpansionstrategy, luxshareplanstoacceleratecapacitity
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
efficencywillcontinuetoimprovewitheconomisofscaliphone/source: factset macbook/ipadoem/components, andnewopportunitiesinautotier-1and
A/vrwillboostrevenueupsideinfy24/25e.thestocknowtradesat withnewtpofrm48.0basedonlowered28xfy23ep/eforsofter consumerlicsmarket.catalystsincludeiphonesharegain, apple
I don't know, mrlaunchandautotier-1businessprogress.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Webeliethisjustifieasluxsharecontinuestodelesterstroverningyearsrowth, marketsharegainand.
I'm not going to be able to do this, but I'm not going to be able to do it.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about.
Theresarchanalhysprispyresponsibleforthecontentofresresearchreport, inholeorinpart, certifiestwhatect to the securities orissuerthattheanastcoverinthiport: (1) theloftheviewsexpressaccuratelyreflectisorherpersonviewsaboutthesubjectscirities oris; and (2) nopartofofhisorhercompensationwas,is,orwillbe,directly,relatesspecialviewsexpressedbythatatstin
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I'm not sure I'm gonna do it, but I'm gonna do it, but I'm gonna do it, so I'm gonna do it.
This is the first time that you've ever been in a state of emergency, a state of emergency, a state of emergency, a state of emergency, a state of emergency, a state of emergency, a state of emergency, a state of emergency, a state of emergency, a state of emergency, a state of emergency, a state of emergency, a state of emergency, a state of emergency, a state of emergency, a state of emergency, a state of emergency, a state of emergency, a state of emergency, a state of emergency, a state of emergency, a state of emergency, a state of emergency, a state of emergency, a state of emergency, a state of emergency, a state of emergency, a state of emergency.
♪ And bigmratings forgot: stockisnotratedbycm
Outperform mark-perform underperform
"and internationalglobalmarketslimited and internationalglobalglobalmarketslimited" ("cmbigm") iawhollyownedsubsidiaryofcmbinternationalcapitalformationmed (awholly reported subsocialofchinamerchantsbank)
Importantdiscussions doesnotprovidindividuallytailoredvementadvice.thisreporthasbeenpreparedwithoutregardtotheindividualinvestives, financial position orspecialrequirements.pastperformanceehasnoindicationoffutureperformation, dactuatedeventsmayifferrealfromthatwichiscontainedthe
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know, this reportoranyinformation containeherein, hasbeenpreparedby the cmbigm, solelyforpurposeofsuplyinformationtotheclientsofcirentsorgm oritsaffiliate(s) thomitistbureted.thisportisnotototandsouldnotconstruedasanofforsolicitationtobuyorsellanyscienceornyinterestin secritiesorienterintoanytransaction.neith and bigmnonyofofsaffialates, shareholds, agents, delegates, directors, officesorsorsoremployoyèsallbe.
I don't know if I'm the only one who can do this, but I'm the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's got the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one.
I'm not going to be able to do this, but I'm not going to be able to do it.
I don't know what you're talking about, methhodswhencompiling.
I'd like to thank you, Mr. President, for your attention, on behalf of the European Union, for your cooperation with the European Union in the field of human rights, and for your cooperation with the United Nations in the field of human rights, and for your cooperation with the United Nations in the field of human rights, and for your cooperation with the United Nations in the field of human rights, and for your cooperation with the United Nations in the field of human rights, I would like to express my gratitude to you for your cooperation with the United Nations in this regard.
I don't know what you're talking about, reprinted, sold, redistrickedorpublishedinwholeorinpartforanypurposithoutpriorwrittenconsentof bigm. additionalformationrecommened secritiesisavailableuprequest.
(asamended Fromtimetotime)or (ii) aeropersfallingwithinarticle49(2)(a)to(d)("hhnetworthcompanies, unincorporated associations, etc.)oftheorder, andmaynotprovidedtoanotherperson without thepriorwrittenconsentof and Bigm.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
Idendedtoenstaintythenalysprotenfectoriesbypostentialconfactssointerestthatcoud certainoriabilityofothersesearchreport.thisreportis invertedfordstoriesthestatestatelyto"majorusinstitutionalinvestors”, asdefinedintilile15a-6undertheus, securitiesexchhangeactof 1934,asamended,andmayyotbefurnishtoanyotherpersonsentstates.eachmajorustitutionalinvestivesatresativesystemsactatives.
I don't know, by sacceptanceherofrepresentsandadagreesthatshathaltshathaltridiorprovidethisiporttoanyotherson.anyu.s.recipientofthisportwishingto effectanytransactiontobuyorselsecuritiesbasedontheforformation providedthesisresportdosoldsonlythroughau.s.-registerbroker-dealer.Forcificentsofthisdocumentiningaporeinsin
This reportistributedinsaporeby pte.mited (cmbisg) (companyregn.no.20171928d), anexemptfinancialadviserasdefined in thefinancialadvisersact (cap. 110) ofusingaporeandreguilaedbythemonetataryauthorthorityofspore.cmbismaydistreportsproducedbyits researchiveforignitities, affiliatesotropotherworldhousehousehousespooltoarrangementunderundersourceration32Cofthefinciancianciadvisersregulations.
If you're going to do it, then you're going to have to do it, and you're going to have to do it, and you're going to have to do it.