The quality of the assets improved steadily, the cost of the deposits delayed the net difference, the net profit increased by 6.1% over the year, and the cost of the liabilities continued to drag the net difference.
The net return profit achieved by the Safe Bank during the quarter was $6,595 million, an increase of 6.1 per cent over the same period; before the provision was made, the profit was $19,255 million, a decrease of nearly 7 per cent over the same period. The net profit growth was mainly due to a reduction in the impairment loss of assets, changes in the calculation were recorded directly into the undistributed profits and did not affect current profits.
The performance was better. Business income was 28.26 billion in the first quarter, a 1.1 per cent increase in the same year.
At the end of the asset, the overall return on loans rises by 18bps over q4. Structurally, the return on business loans rises, resulting in faster business growth and longer interest-free periods. At the end of the liability, the cost of public and retail term deposits rose by 11bps and 29bps, respectively, by 3.16 per cent and 3.16 per cent, respectively, as a result of an increase in the cost of deposits by 16bps.
3.85% of deposits are highly competitive, with companies issuing large numbers of structured deposits, clearly raising the overall cost of deposits.  Loans continue to tilt to the retail end, and some pressure remains on the deposit end. At the asset end: Loans are tilted to the retail side, and peer assets have increased significantly.
q1 loans were added by $68.3 billion, a 4 per cent increase from the end of 17 years. Of this amount, the retail portion (including credit cards should increase by 19.64 per cent by the end of 17 years).
The three categories of income-bearing financial assets and financial assets measured at amortized cost, totalling 806.5 billion at the end of March, remained largely stable compared with the beginning of the year (restated). At the end of the year, there was still some pressure on the deposit end. At the end of March, the deposit of hundreds of millions was increased by 45.5 billion, and the average daily balance of current deposits was 4 per cent lower than in the fourth quarter.
The balance of assets (including structural deposits) at the end of the month was $439.926 billion, an increase of 26.7 per cent from the end of the 17 years. The size of structured deposits has increased significantly, causing overall savings costs. The average daily balance of property records has remained generally stable compared to the four quarters; the “co-operability + peer liability ratio” is less than the regulatory requirement of 33 per cent.
▪ Quality of assets: Poor disposal has continued to increase and asset quality has improved steadily. Overdue loans have improved significantly, with balances and ratios showing a double drop. The balance of late loans dropped by 3.95 billion by the end of March compared to the end of 17 years.
In addition, the rate of failure in credit card operations has fallen by 4bps to 1.14%. In addition, the pace of collection and disposal has continued to increase.
The changes in the rules have had some impact on banks and are expected to result mainly from the increase in the provisioning billing due to the switch of the 19th standard.  Profit forecasting and investment rating: the smooth banking retail financial transition has worked well, the number of customers and one of the topics in the aum3.ifrs9 series:
Rapid growth in scale, with a steady increase in performance contribution; good credit card operations, and how high growth in bank financial assets under ifrs9 is driven; steady improvement in asset quality, declining balance and ratio of overdue loans, poor rates, concern for subprime loans
In addition, the increase in the cost of deposits has delayed the performance of net interest differentials. We expect a steady deepening of the retailization of safe banks, which continues to promote accelerated integration and innovation from the front-line to the Internet. The application of new technologies such as big data, block chains, artificial intelligence, etc. to develop retail operations to provide the client with a lean product.
By the end of March, the number of retail customers (including debit and credit card customers) at the Bank of Peace had exceeded 736.3 million, an increase of 5.3 per cent from the end of 17 years; the size of the aum continued to rise to 119 trillion, an increase of hundreds of millions from the end of 17 years, a significant increase of 85.2 per cent over the same period, and the retail financial transition continued to deepen.
At the end of March, retail loans (individual loans + credit card receivables) were $928,682 million, an increase of 9.4 per cent compared with the end of 17 years;
The total amount increased by only $68.3 billion, retail loans (individual loans + credit card receivables) increased by 79.6 billion, and resources continued to stagnate. The size of personal deposits at the end of March was approximately $386.5 billion, an increase of $45.5 billion from the end of 17 years, representing an increase in deposits, the quality of assets: a steady decline in bad rates and a slight increase in the balance of non-performing loans.
At the end of 17 years, retail loans (excluding credit cards) were at a negative rate of 1.01 per cent, continuing to fall by 0.17 percentage points from the end of 17 years. Credit cards were at a poor rate of 1.14 per cent, down 0.04 percentage points from the end of 17 years. In absolute terms, the negative balance of individual loans (including credit cards) was approximately 983 million, a net decrease of 186 million from the end of 17 years.
2. From the first statement prepared in accordance with the new accounting standards, the following points are of concern following the introduction of the first version: 1) Reclassification of assets: significant increase in transactional financial assets and future fluctuations or slight increases in performance
Following the implementation of the new accounting standards, former statement 1) is a financial asset measured at fair value and its changes are recorded in the current period ' s gains and losses; 2) financial assets available for sale; 3) investments held to maturity; 4) investments in the accounts receivable category have been reclassified to 1) financial assets measured at fair value and their changes recorded in the current period ' s gains and losses (hereinafter: fv-pl); 2) are fairly accounted for.
Financial assets measured in value and accounted for in other combined gains (fv-oci) and 3) measured at amortized cost (ac)
Category totals, which we believe will result in a slight change in net book value as a result of the switch in the guidelines, with a significant increase of 98 per cent in the fv-pl heading and a slight increase in performance fluctuations or changes in the price of financial assets in the future. For other items, the expected holding of the original statement to maturity and most of the investments in the accounts receivable category are included in section ac
(b) Differences in the book value of balance sheet items at year-end in the context of old and new guidelines can be observed in most asset accounts.
The decrease in face value compared to the pre-exchange is due mainly to the increase in the provision rate due to the new guideline switch. Of this amount, $3.899 billion and $1.703 billion were reduced in the loan release and advance and investment asset classes respectively. The increase in the book value of the loan to the reserve pool is static, and the impairment switch leads to an increase in the coverage of the provision by approximately 13.5 pc.
The switch that led to the overstatement is not prepared to enter into the profit scale, but directly through the “undistributed profit” lump sum, which is now in the owner's interest (undistributed profit at the end of the 17th year under the new guideline is 4,935 million less than at the end of the 16th year).) The switch results in a net reduction in the owner's interest.
In terms of owner-equity, there has been a net reduction of $4,533 million as a result of the switch in the guidelines. Specifically, changes in the reclassification of assets have resulted in a net increase of $402 million in other combined proceeds.
As a result of the net reduction in ownership rights, static calculations and the 17-year conversion of the guidelines from bvps to $11.51/unit, a decrease of $0.26/unit; an increase of 0.11pc in roe at the end of the period; and a decrease in undistributed profits resulting in a 17-year core level
(a) Retail transformation has not worked as well as expected; 2) financial regulation has been too strong to be expected and may have had a negative impact on market sentiment, leading to a shift in investment style;
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board