Quality of assets, first implementation of medium-term credit - performance rating for the semi-annual report of the Bank of Agriculture 2024 21/08/2024
Agricultural comptoirs (stock code: 601825) Revenues and net profits maintained positive growth: 2024h1, companies achieved business income of 13,917 million yuan, a 0.23 per cent increase in the same year, and mothers ' net profits of 6,971 million yuan, a 0.62 per cent increase in the same year.
Debt cost optimization and faster expansion of credit in the priority areas of the real economy: 2024h1, net corporate interest collection at one latitude, expected savings cost optimization for the second half of the year is gradually releasing interest differentials. As of the end of June, total corporate assets were gradually released.
This growth was 0.93% at the beginning of the year, driven mainly by financial investment and the growth of assets of peers. Corporate assets, economic priorities, with green credit, technology-based enterprises, inclusive micro-credit balances, respectively, increased by 26.85% of the revenue at the beginning of the year, a decrease of 1.87 percentage points from the first quarter.
As of the end of June, the company’s retail sales amounted to $7,733.37 million, an increase of 6.81 per cent. Other non-interest income increased by 29.41 per cent over the same year, benefiting mainly from property collection.
372.42% coverage, a decrease of 9.42 percentage points from the quarter. Among these, real estate, rental services, and non-investment in the industry, are recommended: companies farming deep in Shanghai, based in the developed regions of the long-triangular economy, with strong regional advantages, sustained growth in the priority areas of the economy of large service entities, strong technological and financial characteristics, and active promotion of the retail financial war.
A slight and light capital transformation accelerates the release of results. Assets are of sound quality and there is sufficient risk offset capacity. First, the risk of nim pressure; risk of reduced scale orientation leading to slower growth in scale and harvests. First, revenue and net profits are growing in a positive way.
In 2024h1, the company achieved business income of 13,917 million yuan, an increase of 0.23 per cent in the same year, and net profit for the mother of 6,971 million yuan, an increase of 0.62 per cent in the same year. The company ' s net profit for the second quarter of 2024q2 fell by 3.13 per cent and 1.18 per cent in the same year.
II. Debt cost optimization and faster expansion of credit in the priority areas of the real economy, with loan returns and deposit cost rates falling by 31 and 12 bp, respectively, from the end of the previous year, with savings cost optimization expected to be gradually released in the second half of the year as a positive contribution to interest differentials. By the end of June, total corporate assets had increased by 0.93 per cent compared to the beginning of the year, driven mainly by financial investment and peer asset growth.
Figure 10: Portfolio structure of farmers' comptoirs III. Middle-income pressure, other non-interest-bearing income increases, deeper retail transformation and continued construction of products and services centred on diversification of customer asset allocation, characterized by sound wealth management
By the end of June, the company ' s retail sales aum aum arum arum az 7.3537 billion, an increase of 6.81 per cent. Other non-interest income increased by 29.41 per cent on a year-on-year basis, benefiting mainly from the proceeds of asset disposal and investment from property collection compensation, which increased by 1473.28 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
The technological and financial niche is relatively strong, actively promoting retail financial strategies and the transformation of light capital operations and accelerating the release of benefits. Assets are robust in quality, with sufficient risk offset capacity. For the first time, the middle-term bonus rate rose to 33.07%, focusing on enhancing shareholder returns.
I am committed to producing this report independently, objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete the appropriate matching of investors, and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service, and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.