The market's mouth is blocked only by a surge. Industry is still growing, profits are 26%. What's the story?
Adjustments like that, but in fact, if one is to look at an industry, it is essential to look at microdata and policy changes, but, more importantly, at the big drivers and directions of development. For tax exemption, the big drivers are a few:
1. The number of people travelling out of the country and out of the island depends on the number of high-end tourists, and then on the number of middle-income people. 2. Single-person tax-free consumption increases in space depending on the growth in disposable income. 3. Single-person consumption limits are raised depending on the regulatory incentives for consumption. 4. Number of new duty-free shops. 5. Single companies in duty-free markets.
No matter how many questions there are, it is only the fourth to the ceiling and the fifth to be broken that the time to worry is right. And it is not. The only thing you need to understand is whether the current valuation is expensive or not.
On the afternoon of 30 October, the company published a three-monthly report - $35,584 million in operating income, an increase of 4.35 per cent over the same period, $3,417 million in net profit from non-repatriation, an increase of 26.90 per cent over the same period, and $3.589 billion in net cash flow from operating activities.
In the past 2019, the consumption plate showed remarkable performance, such as a 166% increase in the five grain fluids and a 117% increase in the Panzhou cellar, the name of which is China National Travel, which is a tax-free business. There are currently four companies with tax-exempt shop plates in the country.
On September 4, 2019, Fry Russell announced a quarterly change in the Fuch time index of China, such as a 50-year review of the index. Of these, Fux was newly incorporated by China into the Hong Kong and Shanghai airports, and the Bank of Teh Jian and Beijing was removed.
Shinwon’s shares, Wanhua chemistry, China’s heavy jobs, and Jingdonga were added to the optional list. According to the SNSR, China’s tax-exempt revenue in 2018 was about 80% of the country’s share, and the world’s tax-exempt industry ranked fourth, the country’s absolute leader in duty-free retail sales.
The year 2018 was the year of its outbreak. Its revenue surged nearly twice, as it acquired tax-free shops in Shanghai, Japan, and China, causing it to boost its current revenues significantly. But, after the performance boom and the stock price hike, we need to think: What does this business use to support development in the next 20 years?
Today, the world’s largest tax-exempt groups are dufryag, dfs, ecstatic tax exemption, neo-tax exemption, and daily tax exemption. Duffryag operates about 2200 duty-free shops in tourist areas such as airports, cruise ships, seaports, railway stations, and urban areas.
The number of employees is 29,000, operating in 63 countries around the world, and is currently the world’s leading tax-free retailer. However, as the largest tax-free shop, the net interest rate for dufry is poor, with net interest rates from 2016 to 2018 being -0.52%, 0.03%, 0.09%, and its stock price is on the following trend:
In the present report, the Merger Mergers will update their financial model Excel tables on the basis of the new three-quarterly report, and will summarize the core elements of the three-quarterly report: in terms of the quality of growth — 4.35 per cent increase in revenue-on-year, 26.90 per cent increase in net profit-on-year growth and business-on-year growth in the third quarter of 2019.
Cash flow from activities increased by 5.53 per cent over the same period. The median increase in revenue was lower (15.46 per cent), mainly due to the fact that the country’s travel began in March 2018 and went to Shanghai, which led to a sharper increase in the first quarter of 2019. Moreover, excluding the impact of the severance of tourism operations in 2019, tax-exempt operations in the Q3 Brigades increased by around 21 per cent in 2019.
The annual report 15.86 per cent) shows 10.17 per cent of operating cash flows as a percentage of operating income (10.17 per cent for the six-month period). According to the new three-quarters report, the Māori rate fluctuates little, with net interest rates falling by two hundred due to the rise in rent in the Bay of Sea. Overall, the three-quarters report a better operating capital than the median, with a significant decrease in the occupancy of funds.
In terms of the return on inputs – in the third quarter of 2019, we measured roic of cash at 74.3%, based on rolling data – the reason for the change in data is that the denominator, mainly undistributed profits, has risen significantly, with the target being reported for three quarters increasing by 32%. To sum up this three-quarterly report, it should be said that the growth in tax-exempt operations is in line with expectations, and that the rise in rents in the Gulf has lowered net interest rates.
To study here, before the valuation modeling is done, a few questions come up that merit our reflection: 1) What are the factors worth analysing after the release of the three-quarterly paper? From the modelling perspective, what are the factors of these changes, how will they be projected? 2) The performance of the three-quarterly report in 2019 is much different from the previous estimates. What are the data assumptions that need to be updated?
Today, we study the fiscal modelling logic of tax-exempt areas, for example, in the case of the Chinese National Travel. For companies with related industrial chains, we also study Song City Shows, Jinjiang Hotel, etc., and buy a professional version of the valuation report, and look at the company's in-depth reports.
The three-quarterly report updates what exactly is the key point? According to the three-quarterly report, which relates to the valuation assumptions that we need to update, there are the following:
1) The rate of income increase - in the first three quarters of 2019, business income of $35,584 million was realized, an increase of 4.35 per cent over the same period, and the income of the same year fell due to the separation of tourism operations in 2019 due to the non-disclosure of the airport's tax-exempt income and tax-exempt income from the island, taking into account the fact that it was removed from travel agency operations at the beginning of 2019.
So the same-year data are not very referenceable, so focus on the three-quarter ring data, and in the third-quarter, the ring increase was 5.51 per cent, and when we reported on the modelling of their valuations, we divided the revenue drivers into three main factors: the rate of increase in passenger throughput on international flights, the rate of increase in passenger unit prices, and the penetration rate.
The difficulty of splitting this is that the factor of penetration is not easy to judge. First, the question of how to quantify penetration, and secondly, whether the assumption of the unit price component is too optimistic. So, when we update it this time, we will take another look at the indicator of penetration and adjust the projections accordingly.
Consistency forecasts are negative, as a result of the stripping of former tourism operations. If tourism operations are not taken into account, tax-exempt operations are consistently projected to grow at 32.33 per cent.
The difference is higher for accounts receivable, accounts payable, inventory, etc. Taking into account the fact that the country’s main operation of tax-exempt shops after the trip, the capital-related subjects are dominated by the data characteristics of this semi-annual report.
Here, with the updated modelling report and the adjusted Excel table, you can compare the update with the previous data in some detail, and feel in depth -- according to the three-quarterly report, what minor changes have occurred in the fundamentals? How will these subtle change factors affect the intrinsic value?
China’s travel brigade was established in 1954 and is part of the tourism industry. It is based on two major lines of business: travel agency operations, such as in-country trips, and travel abroad.
In the third quarter, the combined Māori rate and net interest rate increased significantly, and the data here jumped because last year’s profit margin was held back by the travel agency’s business compared to last year’s full year’s data. The data is stable compared to what was reported.
What about modelling? In fact, when you look at the structure of business in recent years, the problem is solved: until 2018, the country was involved in two operations, one by the travel agency, by the General Hostel, and the other by the tax-free shop, by the exempt company under the flag.
1) Travel agency business - In the case of out-of-country and in-country operations, the National General Hotel develops tourism products, sets sales prices and sells them to tourists through such channels as the Corporate Markets Department, e-commerce or travel agency agents; in the case of in-bound tourism operations, the National Hotel makes tourism products and pricing, then sells them to agents through the tour wholesaler and then sells them to agents abroad.
Directly speaking, the travel agency operates on a straight-line basis for domestic users and on a sales basis for overseas users. The 2018 annual report shows that the top five clients sold $763 million, or 1.62 per cent of the total annual sales; the top five clients sold $195 million, or $195 million, of the sales.
In addition, its total revenue includes other income, such as interest. 2) Tax-exempt operations - when the company's own purchases of duty-free shop products from suppliers are consolidated, all types of exemptions are granted to the respective duty-free shop.
Taxes, in turn, are sold by tax-free shops for arriving or departing passengers. In terms of the share of major businesses, tax-free shops contribute to the core, with annual reports in 2018 showing 73.04%, tourism services 26.15%, and semi-annual data in 2019 show that tax-free shops contribute 97.99%, and tourism services 0.55%.
51.76 per cent of the Māori rate for tourism services is 11.44 per cent. After looking at the above income and profit structure, we can identify two things in terms of valuation modelling: first, the former income structure, in which the hotel income is already low, and second, the tax-exempt business, in terms of profit structure, has become the absolute majority in recent years.
Detaching the travel agency’s business, but still making reasonable assumptions about future revenue, profits, and then modeling the valuation, we go on to look at the structure of this case report: 24.68 per cent of the operating costs were spent on sales, 3.41 per cent on management costs, 2.98 per cent on income tax,
Then we look at a basic chart: For travel agency operations, the details of the stripping are as follows: 24 December 2018, revealed by the Chinese National Brigade, which transferred to the country by a private agreement.
On 17 January 2019, the company considered and adopted the bill at its first provisional shareholders meeting in 2019. The travel agent’s income was shown in February 2019. So, before the valuation was modeled, we stopped considering the travel agent’s revenue, just considering it.
So, the key to the problem is: tax-free business, how do we predict the future? Before we make its income projections, we dismantle its income structure. According to the treasury's financial statements, it collects tax-exempt stores, which can be broken down into four majors — 1) airport tax-exempt revenue; 2) tax-exempt income from the island; 3) traditional revenue channels;
Well, when the revenue structure of the country travels is broken down, one question comes to mind, where is the driving force of each piece of income? According to the logic of the past, income can be divided into two variables: volume and price, which in this case represents an increase in the rate of entry/exit passengers, and price per capita.
1) Exits (57% in the first half of 2019) - the future revenue drive of duty-free shops in and out of the country includes throughput (the number of people travelling abroad), per capita unit price (akin to disposable income, tax policy, tax exemption policy).
2) Out-of-island (21% in the first half of 2019) - Future earnings from off-island duty-free shops are driven by through throughput (sea travel), per capita unit price (related to disposable income, tax policy, tax exemption policy). From off-island duty-free shops, no point is required, depending on whether other cities will add off-island duty-free shops.
The market is expected to change significantly as a result of the movement.3 Other (22 per cent in the first half of 2019) — since the share is low and it is not possible to provide an exhaustive list of revenues from the various ports, docks, and second-line urban duty-free shops — packaged together a simplified forecast.
Taking into account the revenue drivers of the country's travels and their relevance to the wider environment, we focus here on the new fundamentals of tracking: point one, per capita disposable income — the capacity to consume, the indicator of which is the rate of increase in the disposable income of urban residents. That is, the higher the income, the higher the capacity to spend.
However, M & As suggest that some adjustment is needed here, although the rate of growth of disposable income per capita will slow, it should be slightly higher than that of gdp per capita. In terms of disposable income/gdp, all countries of the world are in 50-60% of the region, with the United States at the forefront, historically.
At around 70%, compared to 76.75% in 2018, but China's current level is only 43.67%. That is, as long as the data rises to other national mean levels, the per capita disposable income will also increase at a higher rate than the per capita gdp. So, we assume that China's per capita disposable income/gdp will rise from the current 44% to the international level during the forecast period.
Point two, zero growth - due to price stability in duty-free shops, the increase in short-term unit prices is mainly attributable to consumption, so we can track the aggregate equal value of the “commodity goods” in the social zero indicator. By contrast, it can be seen that the structure of the social zero has changed considerably as a result of the tax relief stimulus, with daily supplies, makeup, etc.
The product, the tobacco, and the alcohol show a strong performance, and the goods that are the subject of the tax-free shop are in these three items. Let's look at the sales of cosmetics alone: the three-quarter ring increase was -289% in 2019, the income of this case was 5.5% in the same period, and the travels were significantly higher than the industry average.
The same synchronized data can be used as a reference, but we believe that there are still two comparisons between using a zero-growth projection and, first of all, considering the explosion of a double-11 power source, the U.S.B. does not actually come directly from the U.S.A.
Second, since the country’s daily products are mainly imported, there is little correlation with the country’s travel if the high growth brought about by the cosmetics boom.
So we're looking for a new tracking indicator: the volume of cosmetics and skin protection imports and the amount of imports. Imports of cosmetics take about two months to be registered for sale at the Customs Department. So, when the climate rises, importers are more keen to pre-position them.
High point, usually in August/September, we guessed it was related to the hoarding of 11 major branders. And we focused our attention on the ring comparison data in the above chart, which grew high in early 2019, and the travels of the same period, which were more than anticipated. So, we can follow up on this pre-indicator to prejudge future domestic imports of cosmetics.
- At present, there is no policy on the opening of new ports.
There is currently no information on the increase, but a subsequent increase will have a direct impact on the unit price factor.
Here, we have to look at the first block of business, the airport duty-free. The logic of this business is relatively complicated, and when you understand it, you can see it, you can see it. As analysed above, the airport tax-free shop has two drivers of income: the number of tourists, i.e. the number of passengers on international flights at the airport, and the price per person, i.e., the price per person.
Thus, its income formula can be quantified as: airport tax-exempt income = last year airport tax-exempt income* (1 + incremental rate of throughput)* and we look at it one by one -- first, by reference to historical acceleration. We take the annual throughput of the four airports mentioned above for nearly three years.
Tax-free shop business in the United States of America, usually only international airline passengers are eligible to purchase goods in the tax-free shop. Therefore, for Beijing Capital Airport, Guangzhou Bai Yun Airport, Shanghai Airport, all we choose are international passengers, but Hong Kong, China, Airport International Airport, we choose all tourist traffic, because as long as we land at this airport, whether it is international or not.
According to the above data, international flights at Beijing Airport have grown at an average rate of 6.6 per cent over the past three years, international flights at Guangzhou Airport at an average rate of 16.21 per cent over the previous three years, international flights at Shanghai Airport at an average rate of 8.20 per cent over the previous three years, and Hong Kong International Airport in China.
The average rate of increase is 2.93 per cent over three years, and the second step, the classification and search for a target airport, is to observe the size of the ceiling for the airport's throughput. With regard to future throughput projections, we look first at the volume of throughput in major international cities:
In 2018, the Beijing airport, Hong Kong airport, China, and Shanghai Pudong International Airport were ranked in the top 10, with the exception of Sanya Airport, which is ranked first. Step three, looking for links between airport throughput and macro-indicators. With regard to first-line airports, let's take it.
(b) Beijing Airport - between 2016 and 2018, the airport upswings were 84.29 per cents related to gdp;
(b) Hong Kong Airport, China - 2.97 per cent between 2016 and 2018;
For Beijing, Shanghai, and Guangzhou, it is reasonable to assume that the gdp acceleration is used as a measure to predict the future acceleration of their throughput. For Hong Kong airport, China, we choose the other relevant reference point: Hong Kong airport, China, as an international economic centre, where the rate of throughput increases are 0.73 per cent.
When we look at this, with regard to the projections of future throughput at the major airports covered by the national hotel: 1) Beijing airport, Shanghai airport, Guangzhou airport, using the Chinese gdp as a reference point: Hong Kong airport, China, has reached 2028 with the world gdp revenue forecast for the country's travel, and the world gdp has been growing at a more stable pace in recent years, so we estimate that
From 2022 to 2028, the world ' s gdp grew at the same rate of 2.80% in 2021. The World Bank ' s projections here have not changed, maintaining the original projected levels.
Shanghai Airport-Shanghai International Flights have experienced an historical average increase in throughput over the last three years of 89.25 per cent of the average increase in gdp, so the net assumes an increase of 89.25 per cent in gdp between 2019 and 2028: Beijing Airport-Beijing International Flights have seen an historical increase in throughput over the last three years of 72.32 per cent of the average increase in gdp.
Therefore, the rough assumption is that the rate of increase between 2019 and 2028 will be 72.32 per cent of the gdp rate of increase; and the historical average of the international flights at Guangzhou Airport — Guangzhou Airport — is 176.50 per cent of the average of the gdp rate of increase over the past three years, so the rough assumption is that the rate of increase between 2019 and 2028 will be 176.50 per cent of the gdp rate of increase;
Hong Kong Airport, China — Hong Kong Airport, China, has experienced an historical average increase in throughput over the past three years, amounting to 106.09 per cent of the world average increase in gdp, so it is assumed that the rate of increase in the next 2019 to 2028 will be 106.09 per cent of the rate of increase in gdp; the rate of increase in the above-mentioned airport through the three-quarterly update is as follows:
Shanghai Airport - 4.35 per cent increase in international passenger traffic in the first three quarters of 2019, higher than the projected value (4.23 per cent); Beijing Airport - 4.17 per cent increase in international passenger traffic in the first half of 2019 (not available for three quarters); Guangzhou Airport - 9.1 per cent increase in international tourism traffic in the first half of 2019 (not available for three quarters);
Hong Kong Airport, China — In the first three quarters of 2019, passenger throughput increased by -1.02 per cent, less than the projected value (2.59 per cent): For the factor of throughput, the concentration is that its rate of increase is similar to that of gdp. The actual data for 2019 are lower than our forecast, mainly because of the total number of flights controlled by the Civil Aviation Authority.
The policy requires that the normal rate of release at the main airport reach 85% in 2019. Since it is expected that the airport will also suffer from the impact of the policy in the second half of 2019, we assume that the volume increase in 2019 will be maintained at the level of real growth in the third quarter of 2019 and at the rate assumed for the next nine years.
When the airport throughput forecast is completed, we then predict the next income variable, the penetration rate. Airport penetration data — airport penetration — the indicator is that the number of incoming and outgoing passengers is purchased in tax-free shops, and since we can't get data on the actual transformation of the various airports, we can only use Sanya tax-free shops for which data are available.
By way of reference (i.e., how many of the total number of people going to Sanya would buy in a tax-free shop), there is currently no direct data available for this indicator, and we can only measure it on the basis of the 10.1 inter-period data disclosed by the Hainan Tourism Development Committee.
From 1 to 6 October of this year, the Hainan province received 4,477,000 visitors. Of the total number of visitors received by the Haiguchi, Sanya and Bojang tax-free shops, the rate of penetration of the tax-free shops (total number of persons receiving the tax-free shops/tourists) was reported to have been monitored by the Haikou Customs from 1 December 2018 to 30 November 2019.
On the basis of these data, the Mergers and Purchasing Merit calculated that per capita tax-free consumption was RMB 3921.
At present, penetration is at a relatively low level, but it is noted that the rate of increase in tax-exempt penetration is not accurately estimated. So we set up a scenario analysis here: conservatively — the level of penetration in future tax-exempt shops will remain constant, i.e. zero per cent.
In the course of the previous modelling, we found that the penetration rate of duty-free shops was an extremely critical indicator, but one of the major problems is that it is difficult to quantify accurately the projections from the lack of data and the differences in statistical calibres. In this update, we still try to analyse the driving force, but in the calculation part, we combine it with the unit price.
The reason we're doing this is that, in the case of the unit price scenario, we're referring to the zero growth rate of the society, the zero growth rate of the society, which in itself includes both "volume, price" drivers, so extra recalculation of penetration rates could lead to double counting. In addition, we need to analyze the tax-exempt business, which is more central to the rise -- than any other one.
The driving force such as penetration is not a linear growth process, and the fundamental driving force behind it is whether the goods that consumers buy from tax-free channels are cheaper. So, in this quarterly update, we will see whether tax-free competitiveness is stronger by comparing tax-free prices with those of other channels, namely, tax-free prices vs. “two-nil”, “South Korea sub-purchases”
For example, in the case of the Arschlande Illustration 200ml series, the sales price on the Arschlande network is $860, the surrogate price is $838, and the tax-free shop price is $654.
If you look at 11% this year, we can see that it is actually lower than a tax-free shop in absolute terms. From a comparison of sales promotions of 11% and 11% in 2019, the price of the two power suppliers is higher than the price of the tax-free shop.
There are many easy restrictions, such as “first 1000”, “first two hours”, “full xx minus xx.” Then we look at the tax-free industry in Korea. According to the KTA, China’s tourist trips to Korea reached 5.01 million in January-October 2019, a year-on-year increase.
South Korea's tax-free shop sold US$ 1,570 million in October, a year-on-year +36.54% (September + 31.78%) and continues to grow faster. 18,062 million foreign buyers in October, a year-on-year + 13.20% (September + 13.79%), with per capita consumption of +20.62%.
Here, M & As simple calculation: As 80% of foreign tourists in Korea are Chinese, China ' s per capita consumption in January-October 2019 was tax-free, amounting to about RMB 2742. (If this figure is compared with the per capita consumption data in the previous tria, there is already limited room for a significant increase in individual consumption.) It is likely to be possible in the future.
The increase in the amount of income that dominates it is growing. So, in the future, the increase in the free track will be mainly in the form of “volume”, such as the new out-of-island policy, the new duty-free shopping malls, the growth of the human flow, etc.) In terms of prices, for example, in the case of the one hundred-ml mini-brown bottle of the Ashlande, the daily sale price is $864, and in the case of the Korean tax-free shop, the price is discounted.
According to information from the tax-free industry on April 11, 2019, Korea’s tax-exempt stores – the three largest shops in China – offer cash card concessions to Chinese tourists. To restore their performance, they maintain a market share, starting in March, and are selling gold cards.
War. In March, Lotten gave customers buying cosmetics and fashion products at Mingdong General's store a credit card equivalent to 10% of the purchase value. The tax-free industry usually provides about 20% of the commission to Chinese travel agencies that bring customers to shop, and if the cash card is added, tax-free 30% to China's Shelli.[3]
On the basis of the three comparisons, we can see that, firstly, during the two-by-one period, tax-free channels are not good, and secondly, after the introduction of the South Korean free goods promotion policy, domestic tax-exempt is not good. But note that in both of these types of shocks, it is actually South Korea’s tax-free preference, which is a simple principle.
Cheap, but short-lived, second, two-thirteen cheap, based on brand-based profit-making space, so there is no possibility of widespread expansion. And South Korea’s tax-exempt policy, which includes a part of the policy element, duration, is logical: when a business is too profitable to take over another’s business, it is impossible for anyone else to ignore it.
If someone else can’t take your market, either you have a resource advantage like a poo-pot or a piece of power, or you have a technological advantage like that, or you have a web effect like tweaking Ali. If China’s tax-exempt leader is very profitable, then we have to think about it at all times; because there is no other person who could rob it.
So, the predictions of Maori rates, unit prices, penetration rates should not be overly optimistic, and follow-up should look for reasonable data as far as possible. Thus, the performance of the National Brigades in the second half of the year is actually under some pressure, and in the light of the new situation, the country is at airports and off-island channels.
On the whole, we have reflected on the model: predicting a rising penetration rate might be too ideal and far from reality. So, in this update, we have removed the driver of the penetration rate growth and incorporated it into the unit price considerations.
(a) Long-term: per capita disposable income growth; (b) short-term: tax abatement policy, extraneous factors; and (c) tax exemption.
First, long-term disposable income per person — which we have analysed earlier — will slow down over the next decade, but at a higher rate than per capita gdp. Second, short-term factor tax reduction policy — since the tax changed in October 2018, the trend in our tax revenue per person is as follows, and the trend is clear.
This change, which is reflected in the quarterly increase in the disposable income of urban residents, is also significant in the short term. Moreover, given the reduction, tax cuts will have an impact on the structure of product consumption — starting in 2019, cosmetics, daily goods, tobacco and alcohol products led the entire consumer goods industry, with cosmetics at the top, rising from 8.9 per cent in February 19 to 8.9 per cent in the same year.
Food, tobacco, alcohol, etc. are the main products of tax exemption in the country, which explains why it is growing faster than expected – tax reform – and the tax-free shop consumption limit: the airport is currently exempt from the RMB 5,000 per month limit, and there are no adjustments at this time. If we go up, we will adjust the model.
Since it is not possible to predict accurately the stimulus of a tax reform policy for the consumer sector, we follow the forecast based on the tax-free consumption structure, which represents the growth of commodities. The cumulative ratio of cosmetics is the reference point (taking into account that tax-exempt stores in the country are dominated by cosmetics, tobacco, and alcohol), as of 2019.
In November of that year, the cumulative rate of increase in cosmetics was 12.7 per cent, based on the cumulative rate of new cosmetics, which remained unchanged from the previous model. Thus, it is assumed that the rate of increase in passenger unit prices in 2019 would be 12.70 per cent, while the projected rate of increase in passenger unit prices between 2020 and 2028 would continue to be the same as that projected for 2020 and 2028 per capita.
Based on these projections of throughput, penetration rates, and increases in unit prices, the following optimistic projections of revenue from first-line airport duty-free shops have been obtained: so far, the first block of revenue (first-line airport duty-free) has been analysed and we have come to see the second block of business, leaving the island with a clear logic of airport revenue, leaving the island with a clear logic of forecast.
Similar to the airport duty-free shop, there are three factors of throughput, unit prices, and penetration rates. Therefore, we continue to follow the above-mentioned formula for income: Tax-exempt stores in Sanya Island = tax-exempt stores in the previous period * (1 + rate of increase in traffic) * (1 + rate of increase in unit prices).
On a case-by-case basis, look at the two variables: how many people go, how much each spends. 1) The rate of throughput increases - we mentioned in the previous model that the rate of throughput at Sanya airport was not highly relevant to the gdp increase (-1.92%), but 92% to the rate of income growth in Sanya tourism. Therefore, we are in accordance with the general regulations for tourism development in Hainan Province.
By reference to historical data, San Phoenix Airport has experienced a historical average of 40.30 per cent increase in tourism revenue over the last three years, thus assuming a 40.30 per cent increase in tourism between 2019 and 2028; and a 13.9 per cent increase in cumulative tourism revenue in October 2019, with an increase of 5.6 per cent higher than the increase in consumption.
Forecast value (8.20%); but considering that the actual intake data are not significantly different from the projection, here we change the 2019 projection to the actual acceleration, while for 2020 to 2028 we maintain the original assumption that the unit price increase is not, as analysed above, directly cited here. The only thing that needs to be noted is the limit of the island, the future.
There is a possibility of upgrading, depending on whether there is a demand to stimulate consumption at the regulatory level. There is a need to track policy changes here. In December 2018, the tax exemption was raised to $30,000 a year, an unlimited number of times.
Here, it is important to note that its tria off-island project, which is currently under construction in phase II. Tria on-air Bay, which is expected to open in 2019, is not only tax-free, but also a business that is characterized by tax exemption.
It is expected that the 1st to 2nd floors will be used to open tax-free shops, 3rd floors for perimeter support, catering, etc., covering 45.7 million square metres of land, and that we will predict the revenue situation in Sanya Bay II. In predicting the effectiveness of the second stage, we will refer to the first phase: the tax-free shopping centre at Sanya Bay in 2018.
In the amount of $8.01 billion, an increase of 31.66 per cent over the same period, with a commercial area of 72,000 square metres, it has a pedal effect of $11.13 million per square metre. That is, it generates $11.12 million per square metre.
Square metres, $11.13 million per square metre, or 10.81 per cent, 29.31 per cent and 31.66 per cent of the same rate of improvement. According to information disclosed by the General Shareholders Meeting of the Chinese National Brigades, Phase II of Sanya Sea Bay is expected to open by the end of 2019, and we conservatively assume that Phase II is expected to commence.
Ten thousand yuan per square metre, $8.45 million per square metre, $11.13 million per square metre. Subsequently, the maturity phase reached Korea's tax-exempt shop performance level in 2028. According to the State letter, the tax-exempt site in Jeju Island in 2018 was 104,000 United States dollars per square metre, or 728,000 yuan per square metre. (This figure is impressive, as can be seen from the fire in the South Korean tax-free market.)
After that, the income projections are as follows:
So, we're looking at two core businesses (airports, off-islands) that we're looking at. And then we're looking at the third largest revenue-free market in the city, and what's the future?
According to our recent research on the downside of the tax-free shop in Shanghai, the flow is very low, and the current boost on income is weak. Foreign tourists, with extremely limited income, take the case of the mature tax-free market, Korea, which is tax-free.
70% of total revenue comes from within-city tax-free shops, but 80% of South Korea's tax-free shop income is from Chinese tourists -- so, if the non-open-country people spend it duty-free in the city, it's hard to increase that part of the income. We need to keep it going. Now, the business is just starting. There's no data. In May 2019, China's travel was in Xiamen and Qing.
On 23 August 2019, the tax-free shop in Shanghai opened, covering 874.4 square metres. In the future, the Chinese government is planning to open a tax-free market in Hong Kong, China, Macao, China, etc.
Here, we make a simple calculation of the tax-exempt store income using a pedigree method. The current tax-exempt site in Jeju Island, Korea, is 728,000 square metres, while 80% contributes to Chinese tourists. Here, we are based on the 20% of the current pedigree effect level in Jeju Island (i.e., the proportion of Chinese tourists, other tourists consumed).
According to the available information, the size of the city’s tax-free shop is 2073 square metres (four cities), estimated at $302 million on the basis of the market value. Here, we predict income for the time being when it is good, but also considering that the city’s tax-free shop has a diversion effect on the airport’s tax-exempt and is in absolute terms small and not included in the model for the time being.
When the city's tax-free shop is cleaned up, we look at the remaining large part of the revenue forecast, the traditional tax-free shop, how to analyse the traditional tax-free shop, which accounts for 22% of the revenue in the 2018 annual report - airports, aircraft, borders, passenger stations, railway stations, and the outside world.
There are more than 240 duty-free shops, such as wheels, diplomats, cruise ships, and the city. The traditional duty-free shop channel, which is much smaller in size than in the major areas (Beijing, Shanghai, etc.), is growing at a rate that varies from one channel to another, so here we look at it as a whole.
In 2018, the historical rate of tax-exempt income from traditional channels rose by 13.14%, compared to 5.82% in 2017. Given that it has a license plate to open a tax-free shop at a national airport, it may still be in second-line cities, and it will penetrate in future areas such as a third-line, four-line city airport, cruise ship, train station, etc. The future rate of growth is based on the growth rate of the tourism industry.
Taking into account the spread of tax-free shop shopping, including foreign tourists travelling to China, as well as foreign tourists, the tourism industry here is growing in income, and we are using the global tourism market as a standard.
According to the World Travel and Tourism Council, global tourism has been expanding and diversifying over the past few years, increasing global tourism market revenues from $4.5 trillion in 2013 to $5.5 trillion in 2017 and $1 trillion in Cagr. We have a rough forecast that the future growth of traditional channels will be consistent with the growth of world tourism revenues.
Data from the semi-annual report for 2019 show that traditional sources of tax-exempt income amounted to $5,281 million, an increase of 88.78 per cent over the previous year, a significant increase due to the expansion of tax-exempt shops on the second and lower lines, such as Hangzhou and Chengdu.
The rate of increase is 41.84 per cent, 15.20 per cent, and 14.63 per cent, respectively – though, is the rate of increase adequate? A single method is used to determine the speed of the increase, which is less referencing. Here, we combine the speed method, the market method, and so on, to deliver 1) quarterly reverses — and backsliding the 2019 income increase through the historical relationship between the quarterly, the middle and the annual reports.
Given the fact that the country's travel agency has been stripped of its business, we are only collecting tax-exempt income for the last quarter of the year. Since tax-exempt and tourism income has not been separately disclosed in the history of the three-quarters of the country's travel report, this quarter reverses our historical growth rate - the Chinese travel has increased at a compound rate of 30.21 per cent in the last three years, achieving business income of 24.34 billion in the first half of the year.
RMB, which grew by 15.46 per cent in the same year, with tax-free operations growing by 52.21 per cent.4 Market-based increases — according to the country's securities forecast, the size of China's duty-free industry was about 33 billion yuan in 2017 and is expected to reach a market size of 50 billion yuan in 2020, with a combined rate of about 15 per cent projected.
So, the details of the revenue projections in this case have been studied. Although much has been analysed, they are only the first step of a long journey. And then, when we look around, we get the income, and where it's spent.
Predict the net profit, first ebitda, and we split the projections of ebitda into three parts, one cost, one cost of sales, and one administrative cost. Note that all three of these costs will be depreciated and amortized.
First, look at the cost component — the cost of the country travel consists mainly of duty-free goods such as tobacco and alcohol, perfume, and fine goods. Here, goods, the country travels directly to upstream branders for duty-free goods. From 2009 to 2018, the Māori rate was 37.15 per cent for national hotel goods, and the tax shop, which is essentially a retail business, while the retail representative company Walmart (wmt.n) has a Māori rate.
25.10% in Cost.0% in Cost.01%. Here's a detail: Why is retail business in essence, and the Māori rate in the U.S. is so high? The difference is on duty-free goods.
We have chosen a commodity, for example, 50 ml for sea-blue restoration, at a price of $3179 for a tax-free shop, $4,100 for a special counter, and $3,949 for a private shop on the Jingdong Network. As a tax-free shop operator itself, China’s travel, it does not have to pay for this part of the goods, and with the same value added, it costs relatively.
Low, leading to a higher Māori rate. Historically, Māori has also shown a rising trend with the opening of tax-exempt operations in the U.S., which can be roughly divided into three phases - the first Māori rate to break 40 per cent between 2009 and 2011, as Sanya Island was exempted in 2011
Stable between 40% and 45%. This is a period when the country's main travel is the Sanya Sea Bay tax-free shop, traditional channels like the second-line airport, and the acquisition of Japan's Shanghai (Shanghanghai Rainbow Bridge, Shanghai Po Dong Airport), which together contributes 30.43% of the tax-free shop's revenue. So, where is its future limit on the Maori rate?
Big, with a Swedish-based and Swedish-listed dufryag (dufn) company: Between 2009 and 2018, the dufryag (dufn) rate stabilized at between 56 and 59 per cent and remained relatively stable. As a result, we use the current dufryag (dufn) rate of 60 per cent as the upper limit for the next five years of our country's travel.
The Māori rate has risen from year to year to the level of dufry, i.e. in 2023 in 2019, the Māori rate has risen steadily from 53.7 per cent to the cost of sales, which is the key variable in the next profit table, after the end of this projection.
For the last three years, the cost of sales in the United States has increased threefold. So, the key question here is: why has its sales rate increased so fast in recent years? We've taken its sales costs apart. Its sales costs include, among other things, employee remuneration (14.23% of the total sales cost in 2018).
Rental costs (77.08 per cent of total sales costs in 2018), advertising and promotional costs (1.61 per cent of total sales costs in 2018), depreciation and amortization costs (1.01 per cent of total sales costs in 2018), transport and logistics costs (0.61 per cent of total sales costs in 2018), office transportation costs (total sales costs in 2018)
The proportion is 3.56%. In these subjects, the change in the share over the last three years: The long trend is that the rental fee was 77% of the sales cost in 2018, the first major subject. The rental fee for the country's travel is the cost of the space it pays for opening a tax-free shop at airports, cruise ships, docks.
Calculating is at the heart of understanding the business of the United Kingdom. This is a crucial message: airport tax-exempt stores have very limited revenue, and the net profit of the parent is very limited, because the vast majority of Māori are turned into rents, handed over to airports like Shanghai Airport, Capital Airport, etc., and are international, which is also a common pattern, despite the fact that they appear to be large in terms of income.
On 31 December, the National Brigade will have to pay the airport a rent of $43,071 million over the next seven years.
The board of directors and the entire board of directors of the company shall ensure that the contents of this bulletin are free of any false or misleading statements or material omissions and that they are authentic and accurate.