Three-quarterly company reports continue to maintain high growth, Eastern wealth (300059) 2021q3 performance rating, and the company disclosed three-quarter 2021 reports. In the first three quarters of 2021, the company ' s gross operating income was $9,636 million.
Lulitien has sustained high growth in revenue and overall performance is in line with expectations.
Fund sales contributed to high growth in operating income. In the first three quarters of 2021, income was 4,051 billion yuan, an increase of 75.19 per cent over the same period. According to the Chinese Securities Industry Association, the size of sales in the second quarter of the daily fund plus mixed public fund was 441.5 billion yuan in sales and the non-monetary market public fund.
The market as a whole, as of 30 September, the market-wide non-monetary fund had reached 14.48 trillion yuan, compared to +20.62 per cent at the beginning of the year, of which equity plus mixed funds had reached 847 trillion yuan.
The significant increase in securities brokering is mainly related to the rapid increase in the same turnover, and the same rate of growth in company fees and commission revenue is significantly higher than that of market size and may be related to an increase in the company’s market share. In the first three quarters of 2021, companies achieved a net interest income of $1,702 million, the same rate.
Investment recommendations: the business performance of companies continued to be high and profitable in the first three quarters of 2021; the establishment of the North Exchange Agency is expected to further increase the volume of corporate transactions, fees and commission revenues, while the Fund ' s market is inundated with incremental capital to facilitate corporate financial e-commerce services
Business development; the company, as an Internet voucher dealer, is expected to perform well, driven by a variety of factors, with 300 indexes for the “market index” of this rating system.
This report is produced with knowledge. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.