Growth continues to be proven, and future growth is expected to continue with a sustained replenishment The company released its three-quarter report in 2021, which achieved gross operating income of $9.6 billion in the first three quarters, a 62 per cent increase over the previous three quarters, and a net return of $6.2 billion over the same period, a 83 per cent increase over the same period.
In the first three quarters of the year, a gross operating income of $9.6 billion was achieved, an increase of 62 per cent over the previous three quarters, a net profit of $6.2 billion for mothers, an increase of 83 per cent over the same period, and a net profit on income and repatriation that exceeded the level of the year 2020.
The benefits of the three-quarters stock market were sustained, with an average of $1.30 trillion per day and 2.5 billion yuan in single-season net profit returns, with 38 per cent and 58 per cent increases in ring, same-year ratios, respectively.) The net profit rate for the first three quarters was 65 per cent and 8 percentage points in the same period; and the annual rate of roe was 22 per cent, a significant increase in the same year.
There has been an increase of 5 percentage points, the highest since 2016, in the three core operations of the Fund, namely, fund sales, brokerage, and blending.
The Fund’s share of 2.32 trillion shares drives the important driving force of corporate fund sales. On a one-quarter basis, the portfolio performance has become more visible, driven by high stock-market enthusiasm, with commissions and net interest income increasing by 50% and 54%, respectively, exceeding the growth rate of operating income (43%).
Growth continues to be proven and will be sustainable. 1) At the end of the three seasons, the company made up $40.8 billion, an increase of 39 per cent from the end of the previous year, far faster than the market-wide expansion, estimated to be over $1 billion in offshore bond issues, and continued replenishment helps support the company's "circumstance."
Two Breakpoints: Eastern Wealth: Sustained Growth of Core Business, Fund Management and Discipline+Replacement” Troika and Fund Management+International Operations, Long-term Delaying Speed of International Business Development 202,10725
Eastern Wealth: The first half of the year has been growing, the Fund has been investing in the sails, 202,10711 Eastern Wealth: Three Quarters Overperformance, Transferring Debt to Help
The ability of companies to grow is constantly being proven and it is expected to contribute to sustaining high performance by constantly enriching funds to support companies to improve the wealth management chain in the 20201023 era.
The impact on the industry of the introduction of the policy is more than anticipated; market fluctuations have a double impact on industry performance and valuation.