The increase in the share of brokers in the city has been further increased, with holdings contributing to higher proceeds of substitution: Eastern wealth published its three-quarter report in 2021, operating revenue of $9.64 billion in the first three quarters; Eastern wealth (300059.sz)
The first three quarters of the year saw an increase in revenue from operating revenue, leading to an increase in revenue from financial e-commerce services. At the same time, the volume and size of stock exchanges in brokering services increased.
There has been a significant increase in the same-year ratio, with securities-related income achieving a significant increase in the same-year ratio. The firm size effect has continued to show a positive trend, with sales rates of 1.6 ppts to 4.3 per cent in the previous three quarters, compared to the postbox at the end of the second quarter: zhuding@cii
Non-fund holdings boosted the Fund’s surrogate income. With the strong growth in revenues from financial e-commerce operations, the previous three quarters recorded revenues of +75.2 per cent on a year-on-month basis and +43.1 per cent on a single season.
56.8% of them, q3 equity + mixed-type funds issued 44.6 billion yuan, the ring + 17.1%, the same as +43.4%, with tail maid-led fund sales income rising against the market, facilitated by back-end non-base holdings.
The non-base holdings are in fourth place in the industry, with ring ratios + 26.4%, +30.6% to $441.5 billion, and 507.5 billion, respectively. Given the continued leadership of the Sky Fund in covering the Fund's products and foundations, the size of the competition and the absolute advantages of user flow and stickyness, the resale industry
The market q3 market has seen an upturn in the stock market, and the brokerage business has performed well. The 21q3 securities industry has a comparison of +4.0%. Its Middle East treasury has a balance of 40.820 billion yuan, or +36.7%, and the two-mix market accounts for two-mixed markets.
The strong growth in brokering has had a mixed lag effect, with companies issuing $15.8 billion in debt swaps and 12 billion in open corporate debt to be issued, contributing to business development, and a mixed market share of business potential.
Cindasecuritiesco., Ltd. Profit forecasting and investment rating: 21q3 securities business based on online flow advantages, low commission rates and 9th House of the City of the West Side in Beijing.
Low-cost financing, combined with debt-transferable issuance, keeps growing steadily. Third-party funds have a strong leader in sales and, in the context of the slowdown in the issuance of new funds in the third quarter of the year, have led to higher back-end revenue and stronger corporate performance stability by increasing the volume of non-capital insurance.
Developments in wealth management for entry-led dealers, timely placement of companies, investment in Eastern securities with the hope of further increasing wealth management with high-quality service capacity and a strong product line advantage
In November 2019, he joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for non-monetary financial research.
Judinin, Master of Arts, Graduated in Finance, University of Glasgow, United Kingdom, worked in Taiwan's Fu State Securities and Silver Securities, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in April 2020 for research in the non-banking financial sector. Wang Jing, Master of Arts, Graduated in Finance, Boston University, United States, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in November 2019 for research in the non-banking financial sector
Win Shrebang, Master of Arts, Graduated in Finance, University of Gangan, formerly worked at the Pacific Life Insurance Company Ltd., joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Corporation in May 2021 for research in the non-banking financial sector. Sun Siu, Master of Arts, Bachelor of Economics, University of Hong Kong, Master of Economics, April 2021, joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre for small and medium-sized businesses.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.