Eastern wealth (300059.sz) Brokering, surrogate revenue increases faster than expected, and heavy capital operations are reported in three quarters of 2021. The company achieved a gross operating income of $3.856 billion in the third quarter of the year, compared to the same period.
+47.85 per cent net profit of $2,507 million, or 57.76 per cent, which is 0.51 percentage points higher than the same period last year, while securities and sales operations are increasing at a high rate. 2021q3a shares make a sustained leap, with an average daily turnover of $1.3 trillion. As of the end of 2021q3, market non-monetary funds were managed on a large scale.
Sustainable financing strengthens capital strength and increases capital operations. After the company completes the roll-over of $15.8 billion, total assets amount to $182.4 billion, an increase of 65 per cent from the beginning of the year, net parent assets amounting to $41 billion, an increase of 39 per cent from the beginning of the year, and net interest income of $1,702 million (interest income on finance coupons), compared to the same amount.
+55.11%, or 2.2% of the market; the company ' s traded financial assets are $28.8 billion, up from the beginning of the year, and the company continues to increase its R & D investment and expand the moat. Companies continue to increase their R & D investment, enhance product R & D innovation, increase user stickyness, and improve core competitiveness.
With 478 million yuan, the same amount is +12.734%. Companies continue to increase their investment in financial terminals, including databases and structures, while strengthening the functions of the Sky Fund, Eastern Wealth Appai, data analysis, etc. Companies continue to implement one-stop Internet financial services strategies, develop a more robust wealth management layout and optimize each other.
The main platform for online financial services continues to expand the competition of the industry for the Protector River.
The securities investment advisory business is the activity in which the institution and its consultants obtain the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority to provide securities investors or customers with information, analysis, prediction or advice on portfolio investment and direct or indirect charges for services.
The data used are from compliance channels, the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding, and the report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views and seeks to be unique.