The securities business continues to grow at a high rate, and profitability has increased significantly.
The company issued its three-quarter report for 2021. The company realized its operating income of $9.636 billion (yoy+62.07%) in the first three quarters. The net return profit was $6,234 million (yoy+83.48%). q1-q3 realized fees and commission revenue of $3,883 million (yoy+53.11%), far beyond two market days.
As real-estate investment cools, residents’ wealth is expected to shift to capital markets, and reforms in capital markets continue to deepen. Market trading activity is expected to increase further and continue to benefit corporate securities brokering.
There has been a significant increase in profitability and a sustained increase in R & D inputs: the sales and management rates for the first three quarters of the company have decreased by 1.62 pct and 3.61 pct respectively, with significant scale effects, leading to a net profit rate of 64.7 per cent for the company, an increase of 7.55 pct over the same period, showing that the company is profitable.
At the same time, firms increased their R & D investment, raising R & D costs by 127.34% on a year-on-year basis in the last three quarters, further strengthening the firm’s core competitive edge in technology. Capital strength is rising, and the two-pronged business is growing: the company released in April 2021.
“Trill East 3”, raising $15.8 billion, of which up to $14 billion will be used to scale up the financing coupon business. On September 11, the company replenished its subsidiary's treasury securities, amounting to $2,425 million, and registered capital for the replenishment to $8.8 billion.
Capital operations effectively complement the net capital of Eastern securities, helping to expand the size of the two-way business, and to boost the capital strength and resilience of Eastern securities. We believe that future companies will have two-fold profit projections and investment proposals: the expansion of corporate securities and the excellent structure of fund sales.
The resonance of the two will bring high performance elasticity. As a result of the growth of securities operations, the impact of corporate size, and the flow effects of superimposed corporate Internet platforms, companies’ profitability has been significantly reduced, mobile end-to-end flows have been reduced, and corporate brokerage and market penetration has not risen as much as expected.
Qing-hoon Ha.