Three-quarterly review of 2021: the higher the performance driven by wealth management, the stronger the leading retailer of the Internet, Ju Jie Yu.
In the first three quarters of the year, we achieved business income of 62 per cent to 9,636 million yuan and net profit of the mother of 83 per cent to 6,234 million yuan. Of this, 2021q3 achieved business income of 48 per cent per ring of 33 per cent to 33 per cent.
We believe that an increase in corporate R & D investment will further enhance its technological power. The market climate is driving a steady increase in securities, and wealth management is growing.
2021q1~3 market base days are valued at $111.82 billion (the same year + 22%). In a context of high market activity, the TEPs are dependent on their large retail user size and flow conversion capacity, and the TDR market has reached 3.26% in September 2021 (the overall TEP market share).
The market balance on 30 September of that year was +25 per cent to $1841.5 million over the same period last year, which allowed the transfer of capital to replenish the operating capital and boosted the growth of the market share of the two branches of business.
By 30 September 2021, the equity fund ' s net assets amounted to $8.5 trillion compared to +18 per cent at the beginning of the year, and we expect to see the financial and non-monetary holdings in the third quarter of 2021.
Amounted to $55 billion. About 60% of the operating income of the corporate fund comes from tail maids and sales uniforms that the fund replaces, and we expect that revenue from corporate-based gold sales will continue to rise as the wealth of the population continues to grow and Internet users expand.
▪ Replenishment highlights the continued expansion of the two-consolidated operations, observing that the three replenishments in wealth management under the corporate 2+2 business layout have contributed to a steady increase in corporate market ownership, thus contributing to the continued high growth in corporate portfolio performance; (ii) since the first three quarters of 2021, companies have accelerated their placement and overseas operations.
Although there is no apparent profit-making contribution in the short term, we believe that both of these operations will become the future blue sea and will grow into a second-tier business pillar of the company. Corporate 2 (Secures + Funds) +2 (Contribution + Overseas) business layout can better support robust performance in the medium and long term.
Mid-year review: Continuing high performance, stock, we appreciate the ability of wealth management operations to continue liquidity. Powered incentives to increase the dynamics of development.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: we expect the acquisition of license plates and multi-platform flow conversions to accelerate as the current domestic capital market enters the gold development week, corporate wealth management business 2, Eastern wealth (300059): brokering,
The two-fold growth rate has been high, and the ownership of the license plates has been approved, and the management of wealth has been large. 3. Macroeconomics have fallen short of expectations; 4) market volatility has hit the return on self-employment investment.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what to do with it.
Figure 7: Net profit and increase in Eastern European securities 2015-2021h1 Figure 8: Sales and revenue from Eastern Wealth Fund 2013-2021h1 East Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, has a portfolio investment advisory board