Corporate Stocktaking Report - Non-Bank Financial Sectors Performance Continues to be a strong asset management advantage Eastern Wealth (300059.sz)
The business environment for the benefit of Wuping has increased to a good company, the platform size effect has continued to show a positive market for beneficial interests, the size of the public fund has expanded and the business environment has continued to improve.
Performance increased significantly. In the first three quarters of 2021, companies achieved gross operating income of $9.636 billion, an increase of 62.07 per cent over the same period, net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies of $6.234 billion, continued increases in corporate R & D inputs, lower management rates, and platform scale effects.
In the first three quarters, the company spent $478 million on R & D, an increase of 127.34 per cent in the same year, representing an increase of 127.34 per cent in the total turnover of the market, which contributed to the growth of securities revenues in the first three quarters of 2021, which generated $5.58 billion in corporate securities, an increase of 53.71 per cent in the same year, representing a share of total operating income.
In the first three quarters of 2021, companies realized a net increase in interest rates. Market risk preferences increased, pushing companies to keep working together.
• Growing demand for wealth management among the population, roll-out of funds to promote corporate fund sales, roll-out of the now beautiful fund-raising fund, company as the leader of Internet fund sales, full benefit fund development dividend, third-party sales service fund turnover of corporate funds, and
By the end of the third quarter of 2021, the market ' s net total fund value stood at $23.76 trillion, compared to $4.051 billion in the first three quarters of the year, representing an increase in corporate revenue from financial e-commerce services.
In an environment of declining returns, residents’ asset allocation is expected to shift further to equity markets, and demand for residential equity-type wealth management is expected to grow. The company’s Internet service platform’s high-motivated clients, relying on diversified products and services, is expected to continue to consolidate and strengthen industry leadership at zero.
Building the foundations for the long-term growth of the wealth management business, a restrictive equity incentive scheme was issued on 23 March to provide incentives for senior managers, technicians and business cadres in the company, based on the 2020 net profit base
The company’s Internet service platform, with the Eastern Wealth Network at its core, has a large, sticky number of users and a significant client advantage. The low-server strategy and flow have helped to consolidate the credit card lead and boost the market share.
Market allocation, corporate fund sales, will fully benefit from the Fund’s market development and branding advantages. We look forward to the company’s development prospects, combining the company’s fundamentals and equity elasticities, and maintain our commitment to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
It has not been, is not and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.