In the first half of 2019, China announced a revenue of 352.93 billion yuan, an increase of 14.23 per cent over the previous year.
The net return to the mother was $9,284 million, an increase of 15.93 per cent compared to the previous year and $8,527 million net non-returned to the mother, an increase of 19.36 per cent compared to the previous year.The reported positive performance was positive, profitability increased, cash flows improved 14.23 per cent in the first half of the year, and the net return to the mother increased by 7.2 percentage points compared to the same period last year.
The rate of increase has decreased, but the rate of net profit not attributable to the parent has increased by 1.32 percentage points, and the overall performance has risen steadily. The percentage points of the fractions, the increase is more marked, with the real estate block revenue of $9,835 million, a slight decline in the same year.
Financial costs were properly controlled, with a decrease of 0.09 percentage points over the same period. Cash flows improved, resulting in a net cash flow of $32.472 billion from operating activities, which is higher than in the same period last year.
In the molecular industry, the railways/roads/other categories (including municipalities) turned positive and significantly improved over the past year, and capital works such as municipal and urban track construction grew rapidly. The company signed a new one, 18-19h1.
The company is a capital-led company, and the strong and powerful under capital-based recovery are of great value. The expected net profit share for 19-21 years is the Chinese company Iron Construction (601186) research report: Capital-head business, railways co-exist and industry co-sponsorship.
Development report on iron construction in China (601186): Beneficiary ppp with "one-way " . Stable performance growth. Summary of data projections for corporate financial statements
Wang Kai-hyun, a consultant (investment), a senior engineer, and a first-level builder. For almost eight years, the metal and construction industry has been working as editor-in-chief of the steel industry, gb/t18916.31, has several patents (inventory patent 1, successively as technical director, director, project manager, and has been involved in overseas “one-way” engineering projects, with considerable experience in the steel industry and in national and international project management.
As Fifi, a Master of Science, Risk and Finance, Southampton University, joined the civil securities industry in 2017 to conduct construction-oriented research. The author has a qualification or considerable professional competence in portfolio investment advice, as granted by the Chinese Securities Association, to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels. The logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, seeking, through reasonable judgement and conclusion, objectivity, impartiality, and not being influenced by any third party.