The increase in the desired order for the performance growth reported by China has significantly increased, and in mid-2019, iron construction (601186) reported an event: iron construction in China (601186) published a mid-2019 report showing that it achieved business income of 3,52,934 million
In the first half of 2019, the company achieved business income of $352.93 billion, an increase of 14.23 per cent: in the first half of 2019, the net profits of shareholders of listed companies were $9.284 billion.
The growth in profits of each business was expected. Of the company’s operating income, engineering contracted out amounted to $31,098.68 billion, representing an increase of 9.37 per cent over the same period, with a Māori rate of 31.95 per cent; industrial manufacturing earned $8,987 million, with Māori growing more in real estate development than in the previous year, mainly as a result of higher Māori property sales.
This is due to an increase in gross profits from real estate development operations, which increased by 134.89 per cent over the same period the previous year, to 24.53 billion, mainly as a result of higher rates of Maori and increased returns on investments recognized in cooperative real estate development projects. The total profits from industrial manufacturing also increased by 30.9 per cent.
Of this amount, $646 billion was awarded for new contracts for domestic operations, representing 89.89 per cent of the total number of new contracts. Of the new contracts, $61,892.4 million was awarded for new contracts for engineering contracts, representing 85.14 per cent of the total number of new contracts, representing an increase of 23.14 per cent.
This is due to the fact that several urban orbital transport plans have been approved as the pace of urbanization accelerates; the higher volume of new contracts for housing construction works is due to the fact that the Group has followed closely the national development strategy and has increased its operations and achieved some results in the upgrading of shanty towns and old urban and rural areas.
At the end of the reporting period, the outstanding amount of the contract was $2.94 trillion, an increase of 12.59 per cent over the previous year. With nearly four times the annual settlement income in 2018, performance is expected to rise steadily.
In the first half of the year, the rating agencies rated the company's main credit rating at aaaa, with a stable rating outlook, and the debt credit rating at aaaa. The company's interest guarantee multiplier for ebitda was 4.65 times, an increase of 6.65 per cent over the previous year.
The increase in quarterly new contracts has risen significantly from the end of the season, performing better than the industry as a whole; in order-to-order abundance, orders are nearly four times more secure than in the past, with companies benefiting first from the benefits of stable capital growth in the country. The current capital financing environment is warming, and the company’s cash flow is higher than expected.
The “market index” of this rating system is based on 300 indexes of depth. I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association to produce this report in a diligent and professional manner, independently and objectively and to the extent that I know it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the company’s relevant business sectors, issuers, listed companies, etc.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report.