In the same period, the net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies rose by $9,284 million, up from the same period in the previous year.
During the reporting period, corporate engineering contracting continued to grow, achieving operating income of $31.968 billion, which was higher than the corresponding increase in real estate interest rates. The combined Māori rate for companies increased by 9.8 per cent, or 0.1 percentage points, during the reporting period.
The rate of gross interest on real estate development was 28.44 per cent, an increase of 5.76 percentage points over the same period. The combined rate of increase was partly due to stable Māori rates during the period of real estate operations and a slight decrease in the cost of sales and financial services.
(c) The company signed a new contract of $718.7 billion in the first half of the year, an increase of 18.01 per cent.
New contracts amounting to $61,189 million, an increase of 23.14 per cent over the same period: new contracts for surveying design consultancy amounting to $7,776 million, a decrease of 34.83 per cent; new contracts for industrial manufacturing business amounting to $9,850 million, a decrease of 6.89 per cent. Logistics and materials trade.
The technological leadership of the country continues to grow, with companies in highland, cold and high-speed railway design and construction technologies already at the top of the world. The products of autonomous intellectual property rights are emerging, large diameter earth shield/tbm double-draw, large diameter hard-rock tunnels, etc.
Underground engineering equipment, such as hard-rock tunnels with double shields, fills the domestic void, and large-scale road maintenance machines, such as narrow-track solid vehicles, narrow-tracked orthopaedic vehicles, have reached international leadership levels and products have moved out of the country.
Maintenance of the “buy-in” rating Global competitiveness in the iron and municipal infrastructure areas, low valuation and maintenance of the “buy-in” rating. Macroeconomic risks; production security risks; cash flow risks; raw material price risk
Xu Jialin.
The author has the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes without any third party.