Incidents: On 30 October 2025, the three-quarterly report on the energy of the mine was released, and in the first three quarters of 2025, public energy sources of the mine (600188) recorded a steady increase in sales & a steady recovery in prices & enhanced cost controls, with strong resilience in coal operations.
\triangleright Production \triangleright: In the third quarter of 2025, the company achieved 13,589 million tons of commercial coal production, a difference of 1.54 million tons from coal production and sales, mainly due to the consumption of internal chemical power.
11,490,000 tons, or 2.05 million tons at the end of the third quarter. Looking ahead, the company’s target for coal production is expected to be a historic breakthrough of 180 million tons, an increase of more than 40 million tons in the same year.
Faced with downward pressure on coal prices in the previous three seasons, the company has demonstrated a stronger role by releasing superior production capacity, strengthening cost controls, benefiting from lower costs, and significantly increasing the profitability of the coal industry.
In the \triangleright quarter, 7.346,000 tons of chemical products were produced, an increase of 11.6 per cent in the same year; 6.44 million tons of chemical products were sold, an increase of 8.7 per cent in the same year, of which 33.774 million tons of methanol were produced, an increase of 3.1 per cent in the same year;
The volume realized sales revenue of $18.53 billion, a decrease of 3.2 per cent in the same year; the unit price for methanol sales was $1801 per ton, a decrease of 1.9 per cent in the same year; and the unit price for acetic acid sales was $2160 per ton, a decrease of $1932 per ton in the same year, a decrease of 17.7 per cent in the previous three quarters.
The industrial sector achieved a gross profit of $4,881 million, a 24.7 per cent increase over the same period.
The company’s performance is expected to improve considerably in the short term.
For three reasons, the price of coal has recovered steadily in the last three quarters, and in the fourth quarter, it will be further in the Golden House.
Since 2025, Qin has experienced a “v” trend in the price of 5,500 calories of coal, and there has been a steady increase in coal prices since the q1 to the last three quarters. Looking ahead in the fourth quarter, we expect the supply of coal to remain tight and demand to rise seasonally, adding to the current stock of ports and terminal power plants.
In the low state, coal prices are expected to rise further in the fourth quarter. Second, given the impact of the price settlement cycle, the financial performance of the coal Australia (a subsidiary of the mining energy control) often lags behind the coal price wave, and the positive impact of the three-quarter rise in coal prices on the company’s performance is expected to be gradual in the fourth quarter.
Now. Third, by the end of the third quarter, the company’s inventory of coal was still 2.05 million tons higher than at the beginning of the year, and as the price of coal recovered, coal stocks were either to accelerate de-eradication, leading to a further four-quarter sales of the ring. North-West mining was completed, with long-term prospects for company growth.
\triangleright takes over the Northwestern mining industry, adding 6,352 million tons of coal and 3,652 million tons of recoverable coal, laying a solid foundation for the forward development of the company.
An open-air mine of 10 million tonnes per year has been decoupled from coal, and the second phase of the production process was completed in 2026; the forward company still plans to build the Holin I, the Liu Sandan coal mine, the oil trenches, etc., which will be completed in the next five years as oil trenches and the Holling I mine will be completed in the region.
The company is expected to meet the planned target of 300 million tons of raw coal by 2030, and there is much room for future growth. In addition, the controlling shareholders still have more coal.
Carbon production capacity has not been injected into listed companies, and future M&A growth space is expected. Profit predictions and ratings: as intra-company production continues to be released, group shareholders’ good assets are sequenced \triangleright
\triangleright and expectations; risk of major coal safety incidents; force majeure in the company's asset injection process
Zhog Ming, PhD, registered consulting (investment) engineer, member of the China Geology and Minerals Economics Society, member of the China International Engineering Advisory Corporation (CIEAC) expert bank, member of the China Price Association ' s coal price ad hoc committee, former Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Office of the China Coal Industry Association (which chaired the work), research consultancy in coal and energy-related fields for more than 10 years and chaired the “13th Five” national coal survey and development planning and coal research
Industrial technology policy revision and enterprise-related consultancy project in hundreds of cases. In June 2016, the Union ' s Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research in the coal sector, is currently the head of the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre.
In June 2022, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, working in the fields of coal, iron and steel and upstream and downstream, Li Chunzi, cfa, cpa, Master of Finance, Shanghai University of Finance and Economy, Nanjing University of Finance, formerly a member of the Carbon Central and Professional Committee of the China Environmental Science Society. He was a member of the China Institute of Economics and Technology in petrochemicals.
The expert, assistant director, led a study on medium- and long-term projections of energy consumption, and the editor-in-chief published and published China's Energy Outlook 2060; completed a study on “Category and Implementation Paths for Carbon Reaching High in the petrochemical industry” and participated in the preparation of relevant policy documents such as the national ministry's plans for the hydrocarbon industry, the construction of a new energy system, industrial carbon peaks and high-quality development.
Qin Ho, Master of Electricity Systems, University of Texas, Austin, United States; Bachelor of Arts in Electrical Engineering and its Automation, University of Tianjin, with three years of experience in industrial research, electricity marketing reform, virtual power plant application research, joined the Sunda Securities Research Development, June 2022
Wu Bo-jin, Master of Industrial Economics, Jilin University, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for public-use environmental research. Hu Xiao Yi, Master of Economics, Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, University of South-West Finance and Economics, Bachelor of Finance, July 2022.
Liu Xuan, Master of Arts, University of Hong Kong, Bachelor of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022, Li-Wing, cpa, Master of Accounting, Esen University of Economics and Management, Germany, September 2022, and joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in coal and coal mines.
Li Dung, Master of Architecture, University of Southern California, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in January 2023 for research in the coal industry. Tang Jiaoyu, Master of Social Sciences, University of Science and Technology, Hong Kong University of Economics and Trade, Bachelor of Finance, University of Foreign Economics and Trade.
Liu Po, a management student at the Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2023 for research in the coal and steel industries. The components are not, are not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analytical opinions or views in this report.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.