A significant increase in performance, cloud service strategy plus events: recent annual report of 2017 issued by Purple Shares, which achieved an operating income of $3.907 billion in 2017, an increase of 41.00 per cent compared to the previous year; realization of a parent company, Purple Shares (000938.sz)
Performance grew rapidly and profit levels increased. The company ' s performance grew rapidly throughout the year, mainly as a result of the increase in the Xinhua triads and schedule, with business income growing by 20.34 per cent in the second half of 2016 compared to the second half of 2016, and net profit returns increasing by 39.93 per cent compared to the second half of 2016, and still growing at a considerable rate. Also, thanks to the Xinhua tributaries, the company ' s main financial indicators were effectively raised, and the sales of Māori and net interest rates increased by 3.26 and 2.42 percentage points respectively.
This also led to a rapid increase in the cost of sales and management costs, but a slight increase in the cost rate, with sales and management rates increasing by 0.24 and 0.09 percentage points respectively.In terms of income structure, the share of base-structure products and services with a high Māori rate reached 40.90 per cent in 2017, compared with 31.54 per cent in 2016
In contrast, the share of Māori in the distribution of IT products has declined significantly, and the company’s income structure has been optimized. Major product markets have increased and the industry’s dominance has been consolidated. Companies have maintained a leading role in the domestic enterprise-level IT equipment market based on years of industry accumulation and customer base \triangleright
The market share of company h3c branded products in the domestic enterprise market in 2017 was 34.7%, 26.2%, 30.9% and 2.7 - 1.8 and 3.9 percentage points respectively, compared to 2016; the market share of servers and storage equipment in 2017 x86 was 13.7% and 7.3% respectively, compared to 2016, respectively. The market share of most of the disaggregated products was higher.
Wang Sayu’s research assistant, covering technologically leading new products and solutions for many product lines, such as routers, switchboards, servers, etc., has further consolidated his position in the government, finance, education, transport, electricity, etc.
On the product side, the corporate cloud service strategy has been steadily moving forward. On the product side, the overall upgrade has been directed towards urban clouds and cities. Xinhua's performance has increased and the cloud service strategy has continued to advance.
For the second year in a row, the market share was first, the service virtualized market was first, the market share for the cloud management platform was first, and the super-integrated product, uis, ranked first in the Chinese region for the second year in a row. In March 2018, the Purple Clouds Group issued the “Twilight Clouds Strategy” to invest $12 billion in the publicly owned cloud market, and the Sindar Securities Company Ltd.
Xinhua has become an important player in the Group’s cloud strategy, thanks to its accumulated and practical experience in private and mixed clouds. Considering the current public cloud market, cindasecuritiesco., Ltd.
The future development of the purple cloud is a matter of concern. Profit forecasts and ratings: between 2018 and 2020, we expect company operating revenues to be 487,4 and 98.7 and 70,890 million yuan, respectively, attributable to the parent company’s net profits \triangleright
Risk factors: Increased competition in the market; less than expected expansion of cloud operations: \triangleright, Master of Business Administration, eight years of experience in software development, pc product management, etc.
In 2016, he joined the Shuda Institute of Physics and Masters in Condensed Physics, Beijing University.
This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSCP, which provides support and reference in investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above. It is not intended to the public that the report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the CSCR, but the CSV does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the points of view and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the report, and the securities or investments referred to in this report are not addressed to the public.
The price, value and investment income of the capital may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.