Utility shares (000938), accelerated year-on-year performance, with high q1 R & D strengthening leading competitiveness, billion people, 41.0 per cent more than year-on-year and 1.58 billion more than year-on-year net profit, 93.4 per cent more than year-on-year net profit of 9.9 per cent less than after-year net profit of the mother.
\triangleright (1) returns and net gains in 2017 were in line with performance forecasts and benefited from the growth of Xinhua San (h3c) performance and the increase in timing.
Net profits increased by 40 per cent in the second half of the year and by 21 per cent in the second half. (2) In addition to the high growth factor in R&D inputs, performance increased by 90 per cent for 2018q1. 18q1 shows a decrease in the apparent rate of growth, while some government grants were granted late, with non-recurrent gains and losses falling by about 48 per cent (42,330,000).
With a 90% growth in performance, the firm’s business performance is very high. Companies are well ahead of the industry, and continued high R & D will further consolidate their competitive advantages.
(1) Networking, computing, storage, etc., basic architecture product services are well ahead of schedule: according to idc statistics, H3c branded products in the domestic enterprise-level market have 34.7 per cent (first), 30.9 per cent (first), 26.2 per cent (second), x 86 servers, stored market occupancy rates, respectively
Reorganization of the Department of Safety Products, with the introduction of the new security subsidiary, the core product of the security defence system, the “Step Awareness System”, which ranks third in the domestic firewall market and is expected to continue at a rate of over 40 per cent in the future; (3) expansion of the operator market to form a new network (sdn/nfv) strategic layout: companies and companies
Three major operators have entered into strategic partnerships, vbras virtual broadband is the largest commercial, and China has the winning bid to move the largest data centre, phase two of the sdn project. Technology layout and market commercial advantages are evident, and management comes from the operator, and it is expected that more new projects in the operator market will emerge.
On March 30, 2018, at the Xinhua Trinavigate Pilot Summit, the Purple Light Group launched "The Purple Light Research Assistant: Sun Kai-Ling."
The Chinese Institute of Information and Communications Research’s Report on the Development of China’s Public Clouds in 2017 predicts that the market will reach 60.36 billion yuan in 2020, and Xinhua’s three-star group is expected to help develop 10 billion cities.
In the transition to cloud integration, the three main clouds are pushing for a full-scale move toward a public-private cloud integration under the Group's Cyclops strategy. The purple cloud is focused on corporate-level markets.
The three-quarter review of Purple Shares (000938), which focused on urban and industrial clouds, was the first market in two years in a row. In Qinghua Holdings and Purple Clouds, performance grew on schedule, and industrial cloud and object networking became the foundation of real development.
The mission supports and builds on a solid foundation of traditional private cloud markets, the company will succeed in the production of mixed cloud operations. 2017 20171025                                                                                          *
With a 41% increase in revenue, the initial transformation has been successful in growth and business structural validation.iii. Profit forecasting and investment proposals are based on a wealth of basic products and solutions such as company computing, storage, networks, etc., and industries are competitive.
And the cloud computing industry will maintain a high rate of growth and a “highly recommended” rating. Increased competition in cloud services markets; impediments to overseas market expansion; deviations in performance reduction model estimates.
Hu Sam, Director of Media Internet, Master of Finance, University of Foreign Economics and Trade, July 2011 to date, has been a member of the media Internet industry for many years, Yang Si-heung, head of the computer team. Chinese University of Science and Technology, China, has been a visiting scholar at the University of Science and Technology in Hong Kong since 2010, a senior research scientist at the Intel Academy, and in 2016, a member of the Chinese Civil Society.
Sun Xiang, Associate Research in the Computer Industry. B.A., University of Electronics and Technology, Master of Finance, Shandong University; two years of experience in software development and implementation, in 2017 the author of the Association of Chinese Securities Industry, with the qualification or considerable professional competence to offer securities investment advice, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels, and the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, through reasonable judgement and conclusion, objectivity, impartiality, and the conclusion is not subject to any third party's approval or influence.