In the second half of 2023, the company achieved a high yield and a steady profit level. In the first half of the year, the power cell level remained stable.
The volume of company power cells has increased by 79.46% over the same period, and the number of power batteries has been the fourth highest in the country, with a market share of 4.35%. For energy batteries, the volume of company exports in the first half of the year was 8.98gwh, an increase of 102.30% over the same period the previous year.
In the first half of the year, the company’s overall Māori rate was 16%, largely stable. Large cylinders are expected to lead the company’s power cells back to the steps, and overseas markets are expected to open up.
Production offline, expected to complete 20gwh production capacity in 2023 and planned construction arrangements for Shenyang, total equity/flow (millions of shares) above 50gwh in Hungary, etc., 46 series of large cylinder batteries are now available
Total market value/flow (millions of dollars) Total customer-intentional orders for the next five years total approximately 472.31 gwh. We believe that large cylinder batteries have an advantage in terms of energy density and manufacturing costs.
Big cylinder battery technology and volume production are ahead of schedule, with the prospect of further upgrading by large cylinder batteries of the billion-latitude lithium energy (300014). For overseas markets, companies build 450,000 in Debressen, Hungary.
The three quarters of 2022 report the production base of the square metre, the place of purchase signed with pkl and its holding companies at the billion latitudes - overperformance, triple advantage opened.
Agreement, Cooperation Agreement with United States Clients abs, Battery Prospective Growth Space with US Client Powin - 2022/10/31 billion Lithium (30014) Profitability Recognition
Investment Recommendations: Considering the increased competition in the industry, we're lowering the profit forecast, and we're predicting that the turning point, the medium- and long-term performance, will continue upwards.
We've got an increase in mobile storage batteries, and large cylinders are expected to drive the company's power cells back to the steps.
The company ' s uniform social credit code is: 91530007557165982d.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.