Power equipment and new energy lithium cell iii power + storage power is growing at both speeds, 46 being the commercialization process for large cylinders, and power + storage power is increasing the company’s performance. Company 23h1 power cell and storage battery output is increasing.
In the sub-operation, the consumer battery generated 3,737 million yuan, the same year fell by 19.12 per cent, the power battery generated 1,119 million yuan, the same year grew by 71.92 per cent, the storage battery generated 79.46 per cent, and, according to the China Automotive Battery Innovation Alliance, the company power battery installed.
The volume is the fourth largest in the country, with a market share of 4.35 per cent; storage battery output, with an increase of 102.30 per cent in the same year, is the third highest in the world, according to data released by Infolink. In addition, the net cash flow of the Department ' s operations is $3.300 billion, representing an increase of 82.39 per cent, mainly in operating capital liquidity efficiency.
The Māori rate has remained stable and investment in R&D has increased. The Māori ratio of company 23h1 has increased by 15.93%, compared to 0.97 ptt; but Zhang Wenchen
+0.05 pc, management cost 1.98 per cent, same-0.24 pc, mainly due to cost increases such as the expansion of the company's operating size and staff remuneration, financial cost rates of 0.14 per cent and 0.11 pc., same-year, mainly due to increased interest costs.
R & D costs 1,261 million yuan, a $40.00 per cent increase in the same year, mainly in the salaries of the company's multiple laboratories and mid-testing line employees, and Lithium at 100 million latitudes: 23q1 performances were as expected, with a phased outcome from the commercialization of 46 large cylinder batteries. At the end of this report, the company completed 46 dollars.
Lithium billion: 22 years of performance meets expectations, storage is fast, high-energy batteries are partially productive, production lines are working well, 1 million 46 batteries are produced offline, and commercial delivery and applications are officially realized. Companies have obtained important orders from leading overseas cars and more at home and abroad.
In December 2022, the company considered issuing a swapable company debt to a non-specific audience.
The bill, which raised funds for part of the 21gwhh Cylinder Motor Batteries project, is currently under construction; on 8 June, the company considered and adopted a bill for Sun to invest in a Cylinder Batteries project in Hungary, with an amount not exceeding 9.97 billion yuan.
New product lf5600k, the first single largest super factory, is officially launched. The company takes the lead in issuing technology products lf5660k, lf5660k, using a super-capacity ctt core program, which is twice as much of the 280ah core capacity that is now commonly used in the industry, with more than 12,000 loops, effectively reducing the entire life of the storage system.
Circulatory costs. If 560k, balanced with safety and economics, is well received by clients and has now gained over five years of interest in over 140 gwh for sex clients, and the company's first single-size 60gwh super-worker has continued to expand its capacity. In January 2023, the company considered three capacity-building projects: Civil affairs with Jane Yang.
The Ministry signed an investment cooperation agreement for the 20gwhh power storage cell production base project, which invested approximately $10 billion, of which fixed investment was no less than $6 billion; and for the construction of the 23gwhh annual lithium phosphate storage power cell project, which invested approximately $5.5 billion, fixed capital, in the CEC region.
Investment in production is about 4.5 billion yuan; affiliates are investing in the construction of 60gwh power storage batteries, production lines and support facilities in the Qingmen High Zone, with a total investment of about 10.8 billion yuan, of which fixed-asset investments are about 8 billion dollars worldwide, and continue to open overseas markets.
A subsidiary of the debrecen government signed a land purchase agreement for the construction of a 450,000 square metre production base in Debressen, Hungary, for the large-scale construction of the capacity of lithium ion-powered batteries in large-scale cylinders and vehicles; and a land acquisition agreement was signed with Pkl and its controlling companies for the construction of a “lithium-cylinder-making project”.
The company also continued to expand its high-quality overseas customers. During the reporting period, the company and the United States client abs entered into a cooperative agreement to produce and deliver 13.39 gwh square phosphate lithium batteries to the abs, and a subsidiary company, billion latitude power, and a United States client, Powin, entered into an agreement to purchase battery products to produce and deliver 10 gwh to Powin.
The investment proposal is: a company actively layouts 46 large cylinder batteries and continuously expands its overseas market.