Chemical and chemical products, 4th quarter with a massive increase in the performance of the apes and a huge elasticity in the price of titanium powder: company ' s 2016 performance report released on 27 February and operational during the reporting period
The price of titanium powder continued to rise during the year, with four quarters and a dramatic increase in the performance of the python. Since 2016, the growth of titanium powder exports in our country has been evident, thanks to the continued withdrawal of the country’s backward production capacity, the impact of the foreign giant’s production-restrictive offer, and the favourable outlook for the downstream real estate sector, the impact of the growth of the country’s titanium powder exports, the overall annual gold bonus.
The price of titanium titanium has risen more than a dozen times, from a minimum of 10,000 yuan/tonne at the beginning of 2016, while the price of titanium concentrate has risen from about 500-550 ton at the beginning of the year, and has been affected by the increase in freight costs and the suspension of production due to environmental factors since the beginning of the three quarters. The price of titanium powder has soared from 1,450-1,550 ton/t at the end of the year.
The cost end strongly supports titanium powder prices. The company ' s Māori rate for the first three quarters of the year reached 22.54 per cent, the highest level in almost five years, owing to the continued spread of titanium powder and titanium concentrate.
At that time, after four quarters, the company had a combined capacity of 560,000 tons, becoming the world ' s fourth largest industrial oligarch in Asia, with a capacity of 600,000-7 million tons/year of titanium concentrate mining.
Highest/minimum 12-month recovery cost of approximately 400-500 yuan per ton, well below the current market price for titanium concentrate.
"Looking at the price of titanium powder continues to rise, the company's leading position continues to benefit." We've calculated that, with the price of titanium powder rising again since 2017, the company now has a single ton of money.
The price increase and the impact of environmental shutdowns in titanium ore, with Tenor buying Kost becoming the new global leader of titanium powder, has increased industry concentration again.
Tenor, the two giants of the international titanium industry, will cover $1.673 billion in cash and part of equity -- 2016/12/07 face-to-face acquisition of Coster ' s titanium powder business, and when the two giants are combined, the company ' s capacity will be realized
Together, the dragon acryllium is on the ground, with a year-round performance of 1.3 million tonnes/year, accounting for about 15.74% of global total capacity, and becoming the global leader in titanium, the white industry. And, after 2017, the international titanium powder giants rose again, in February.
On 9 March, Komum announced an upward revision of global titanium prices from 1 March, including $150 per ton for Asia and the Pacific, $160 per ton for global titanium from 1 April for Asia and the Pacific, and 1 March for Kost from 1 March for Global titanium for Asia and the Pacific.
Prices of powder, with Asia and the Pacific increasing by $200 per ton. We believe that a further increase in global concentration in the titanium industry will be a powerful boost to a further rise in the price of titanium powder, and we believe that the concentration of domestic titanium and powder markets will increase again, and that the price of titanium powder will continue to rise.
Valuation and rating. We expect the company ' s net profits to be four quarters in 2017 and 2018, with a significant increase in the apes ' performance, and a high risk of high-performance elasticity in titanium powder prices; the company ' s chlorination project is not progressing as much as expected.
The Pacific Securities Corporation Ltd. is qualified for securities investment consultancy and has portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.