The performance forecast is over-expected, titanium powder continues to look good.
\triangleright q4 single quarter net profit of $349-405 million, exceeding market expectations. The reason for the significant increase in the round-up ratio is that companies complete 100% of stock acquisition in the undistributed stock sector.
Four-quarter profits are on the table: second, titanium powder prices continue to rise, fourth-quarter compost and clairconium titanium prices increased by $1,000 per ton on 2 November and 6 December, respectively, with a four-quarter average of $14,500 per ton, a strong export rate compared to the three seasons.
Export data remain strong, with exports of 658,000 tons of titanium powder exported in January-November, 59.2 per cent in November and 36.2 per cent in the same month, with a cumulative increase of 36.2 per cent in the same year and a significant increase in exports throughout the year.
With the start of real-estate warming, mainstream titanium powder companies, such as dragons and guilds, raised their prices about 12 times in January 2016-2017, with a cumulative amount of more than 6,000 yuan/tonne, with a significant increase in profitability. The current market supply of titanium powder is still tight, the manufacturer’s inventory remains low, and the company maintains only normal swing stocks.
The company has taken a huge step in its size, the titanium powder industry still has room for integration, and the company is expected to grow: higher product quality and more environmentally friendly production processes are eternal themes, chlorination.
Fan Jingzon, titanium powder is the way forward, there's still much to be done in the field of titanium chloride technology, and the company's titanium chloride is now a relatively good development in all domestic projects and is expected to lead the way. We keep looking at the company.
Long-term development of scale and technology.
1-Little League Dynamic Report: Increased Meetings, q4 Super-expected, continued to watch the price of titanium powder rises, 2 supply side reform depth - Watch the chemical cycle sub-lines
Industry: titanium powder, pta, pure alkaline, pvc, rubber 3 titanium powder industry rating: international giant price increases. titanium 4 UBP report: industry bottom positive and
Accomplishing, building global titanium powder, synthesizing data projections of corporate financial statements, B.A. in high molecular material science and engineering, Qinghua University Department of Chemical Engineering, Master of Materials Science and Engineering, General Engineer, Central University of Technology, Lille, France
The rubber, titanium powder, new materials, compost, and populist sub-sectors.
Zhang Ming-hyun, Bachelor of Chemical Engineering, University of Qinghua, Master of Industrial Catalytic and Reaction Engineering, 2 years of experience in chemical engineering, development and engineering of coal-rich acetylene, kerosene oils, basic chemical industry analysis from October 2015, and joining the Chemical Industry Team of the Institute of Civilization and Securities in May 2016. Authors with qualification or considerable professional competence in securities investment consulting, awarded by the China Securities Association, ensure that the data reported are derived from compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,