Chemical and chemical products watch the price of titanium powder continue to rise, and companies continue to benefit from the status of domestic leaders. The price of titanium powder continued to rise during the year, with four quarters of the year and a dramatic increase in the performance of the python.
Since the beginning of the year, as a result of the continued withdrawal of the country’s backward production capacity, the foreign giant’s production-limiting offer, and the improved landscape of the downstream real estate industry, the marked growth of our exports of titanium powder, the price of which has risen more than a dozen times throughout the year, from a minimum of 10,000 yuan/tonne at the beginning of 2016.
The price of titanium concentrate rose from about $500-550 per ton at the beginning of the year to $1,450-1,500 per ton at the end of the year, as a result of increased freight costs and environmental restrictions after three quarters. The price of titanium powder was strongly supported at the cost.
Expansion, with the company ' s Māori rate reaching 22.54 per cent in the first three quarters, the highest level in nearly five years. At the same time, the company ' s combined capacity reached 560,000 tons in four quarters, making it Asia ' s first, total equity/flow (million shares)
The world's fourth industry oligarchs, with a capacity of 600,000-7 million tonnes/year of titanium concentrate mining, have a total market value/flow (millions of dollars) at a cost of about $400-500/t, well below the current market price of titanium concentrates, and so on.
We expect a significant increase in the company ' s Māori rate in four quarters, which is a major reason for the company ' s upward performance in 2016.
The price increase and the environmental shutdown effect of titanium, some of which are still looking to keep the titanium industry high in the future. In early 2017, the international giants continued to contribute to the rise in titanium powder prices.
Mu, Tenor, Kost, Ishihara and others have successively announced that titanium sales prices continue to rise, and we - 2016/12/07 - believe that the rise in international prices will be conducive to the continued growth of our exports in the titanium powder industry, 2016
"Association and landing, year-to-year performance, our exports of titanium powder increased by 36.38 per cent in January-November, effectively driving domestic growth without fear" -- 2016/10/28.
The company's inventory is driving the reversion of the industry. Looking ahead, in 2017, we think that with the strong support of titanium powder prices in the first half of the year, corporate hair, titanium concentrate costs, the access threshold for the titanium powder industry has been raised, and environmental concerns are increasing.
Interest rate hikes are significant - against the backdrop of a tight 2016/08/22 environment, where SMEs ' survival space has been further reduced, supply side reforms have been effective, supply and demand relationships have improved continuously, and titanium powder prices have been driven to continue to rise.
Valuation and rating. The company combines Sichuan dragons with 560,000 tonnes/year of titanium powder.
We expect a net risk for 2016 and 2017 after the company merges Sichuan dragons: the company’s chlorination program is not moving as fast as expected. Given the price of titanium powder continues to rise, the company’s domestic leader continues to benefit.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.