In recent years, the company has been one of the three major power-generating enterprises in the country, mainly through the development, design, manufacture and sale of advanced wind power, solar power, hydroelectric power, nuclear power, gas power, fire power, and other clean and efficient energy power plants.
In 2021, the company achieved operating income of $47.82 billion, an increase of 28 per cent in the same year, and a net return of $2.29 billion to the mother, an increase of 23 per cent in the same year. The company continued to optimize the industry landscape of “Six Powerworks, Five Industries Synergy,” with Roe, Roic, and Roa rising year by year and increasing profitability, reaching 7 per cent.6 per cent in 2021.
With the full use of new power systems, pumping capacity will double over the next 15 years, and with medium- and long-term development plans for pumping capacity, the capacity of pumping capacity will increase exponentially, from 31gw in 2020 to over 62gw in 2025, with new start-up projects expected to reach 270gw during the “XIV” period. Pumping energy equipment will enter the development fast track, with an average additional value of over $45 billion per year between 2021 and 2035.
In 2021, the company sold 8.1gw of water turbines, which accounted for about 40% of the measured market share. In the field of pumping capacity, which is characterized by higher qualification, finance, and technological barriers, the company produces one of the two oligarchs as a large pumping reservoir, which is developed to the world's first-class level to meet the demand for “high-water head, high-speed, high-capacity” power plant equipment, and is expected to benefit directly from windbase storage and State-support policies in the future.
Wind power has developed on both the sea and the sea, and large wind machines have achieved significant efficiency gains, and the domestic wind industry has achieved a good economic pace of growth by 2022-2025 as a result of the steady progress of the two-carbon policy. Land-based wind power will grow from 45gw in 2022 to 85gw in 2025, cagr based on large power installations, 13mw class offshore wind units will be in the lead in Asia, and demand for large-scale offshore wind units will continue to rise as the sea wind project moves to a far-reaching sea.
The company’s megawatt wind turbines are growing faster and market rates are expected to rise. Valuation and investment proposals: for the first time, coverage is given as an “uptake” rating.
New poles, due to the high technical barriers to the production of large pumping storage units and the company’s development and production of extra-coded water pumping storage equipment, are expected to take advantage of the industry’s rapid growth in the eastward wind to enter the lift-up corridor; with the wind engine process accelerating, the winding-down efficiency process has opened up a large-power bidding process, the company’s large-scale power generation equipment will continue to benefit from changes in the industry, and market occupancy is expected to increase.
Eastern Electric is one of the world's largest contractors for research, development, manufacturing, and power plant engineering, known as Halbin Electric, Shanghai Electric, and three major power plants in the country. The company produces more than 600 million kilowatts of electricity equipment, and its annual production is the world's highest in 18 consecutive years, with nearly 80 countries and territories, and has been selected for 27 consecutive years as one of the world's 250 largest international engineering contractors.
Relocation of first-line plants and others to set up the Eastern boiler plant and the Eastern Wheeler Plant; establishment of the Eastern Power Plants, with the three main mainframes of the Eastern Power Plant, the Wheeler Plant and the Boiler Plant, in 1984, which established the status of the national “three main power units”; internationalization of the company's main contracting service for the supply and engineering of hydroelectric/fire power/gas power plant sets in 1994 and their subsequent listing in Hong Kong and Shanghai; acquisition of other core assets under the flag of the Eastern Electric Group, which holds shareholders, resulting in the company's existing “hydropower, electric power, nuclear power, wind power, solar power generation” and “energy conservation, engineering and international trade, modern manufacturing clothing” in 2018
As of 2022q1, the State Finance Committee held 55.40% of the company's shares through the Eastern Electric Group, and the top 10 shareholders held 68.46% of the company's shares, with foreign investors holding 10.83% more shares than domestic public funds holding 2.23%.
There are more than 70 second-tier subsidiaries in 15 and sub-enterprises, indirectly holding or participating, in 18 provinces and cities in China, namely Sichuan, Guangdong, Tianjin, Zhejiang, Hubei, and in six countries abroad, India, Laos, Indonesia, Ecuador, etc.
Table 2: Corporate senior management profiles and holdings (as of 31 March 2022) 2007 and 2018 targeted additional corporate fund-raising mainly for the acquisition of the parent company ' s core assets and the optimization of the company ' s industrial structure; in 2008 and 2009 the bulk of the additional fund-raising was for post-disaster reconstruction projects and some of the new and technological adaptation projects related to the Wenchuan production base.
In the context of the “double carbon” scenario, the renewable energy sector offers great opportunities for development. The “14th Five” Modern Energy System Plan proposes: (1) to accelerate the development of wind power, solar power generation. Full-scale and high-quality development of wind power and solar power generation is being promoted. In areas where wind and solar energy resources are better endowed, construction conditions are favourable, conditions for sustainable reassembly development are in place, and regional eco-environmental protection requirements are met, wind power and photovoltaic centralized development is being promoted in an orderly manner, with an accelerated focus on desert, Gobi and desert areas.
By 2025, the capacity of conventional hydropower units will reach about 380gw, and the capacity of pumping water to transport 60gw. In order to ensure safety, nuclear power will be developed in a safe and orderly manner. In addition, the construction of coastal nuclear power plants will be promoted in an orderly manner, with a steady pace of construction and a rational deployment of additional coastal nuclear power plants. By 2025, the capacity of nuclear power plants will reach about 70gw.
Figure 3: The scale of renewable power investment (in billions of yuan) in the “double carbon” context, the renewable energy sector presents great opportunities for development, based on the planning of the country's 455gw new energy base, the long-term planning of offshore wind power and the energy characteristics of our new industry, we expect to have 683gw and 683gw light-voltage and wind-loading capacity, respectively, by 2025
680gw; by 2030, our photovoltaic and wind installed capacity will reach 1281gw and 1280gw, respectively. According to the National Climate Centre, our photovoltaic and wind installed capacity will reach 2670gw and 2,500gw, respectively, by 2050.
In the context of our medium- and long-term new energy loading outlook (gw), the renewable energy sector has great development opportunities.
As a result of the steady progress of the two-carbon policy, the domestic wind and power industry, with its good economic performance, has achieved a pace of growth on land and sea for the next four years. The land wind power will grow from 45gw in 2022 to 85gw in 2025, cagr 24%; the sea wind power will grow from 6.5gw in 2022 to 18gw in 2025, cagr up to 40%; and the domestic wind and wind equipment production will fluctuate between $170 billion and 200 billion due to the strong wind and wind engine precipitation effect.
In the “double carbon” context, the renewable energy sector offers great opportunities for development, and we expect that, as wind engine single power increases, the share of material and manufacturing costs per unit of capacity will decline significantly, and wind unit kw costs will fall below $1,600; and wind engine prices will also allow for full downswings due to market competition in the price-free age, the expansion of installed aircraft will boost business leverage, and the industry unit kw Mäori will decline, from $400-800 to 250-500.
Around US$; the sea wind unit kw Māori fell from $1,500-1800 to $600-9000 in the subsidy era. Figure 8: Prices, costs and Māori forecasts ($/kw, free of taxes) of wind and wind machines on land. New energy loaders benefiting from pumping capacity will grow rapidly
With the rapid growth in the capacity of new energy sources and the increased random volatility of power side-generation, the capacity to pump water is becoming more visible in the power grid at its peak and frequency.  The total amount of water-pumped energy resources in the country is 1604gw and is currently included in the total amount of 814gw in the planned site, with a focus on project 421gw, which is planned for a reserve of 305gw. > According to the National Energy Agency ' s Medium- and Long-term Development Plan for Pumping Energy (2021 - 2035), the capacity to pump water will yield 62gw or more by 2025 and will be invested in about 120gw by 2030. > According to the National Energy Agency ' s Medium- and Long-Term Development Plan for Pumping Energy (2021 - 2035), the capacity to pump water will be invested by around 2025.
>It is expected that in 2022 the construction of pumped water storage will be authorized on a scale greater than 50 gw, with an additional production level of 9 gw, with a total installed capacity of around 45 gw at the end of the year and 270 gw for new start-up projects during the “145” period. > Figure 10: Resources for pumping water storage sites in our country (gw) Large-scale pumping energy storage equipment is in high demand and high concentration of manufacturers
In 2021, the average unit static unit price of the pumped energy plant was approved at $5,367/kw, with mechanical and electrical equipment and installation works taking the lead. Individually, the construction conditions for the pumped energy plant varied significantly, and the level of construction was closely related to the construction conditions and the size of the unit. In general, the unit cost of the pumped energy plant was significantly reduced with the increase in the size of the unit.
>The level of construction costs will continue to rise in the future as project development becomes more difficult. >The demand for large-scale pumping energy storage equipment is high, with a high concentration of manufacturers expected to reach 270gw for new start-up projects during the 14th Five-Year Plan, based on a price estimate of 5,500 yuan/kw and an estimated investment of more than 1.4 trillion yuan in pumping energy during the 14th Five-Year Plan.
Large-scale pumping equipment is in high demand, with a high concentration of producers, and the country’s pumping equipment is growing rapidly, and it has largely been replaced by national production. The production of pumpers has increased rapidly, from less than 1 per cent in 2016 to 32.7 per cent in 2021, and there are more than 10 large- and medium-sized hydropower producers in the country.
Among domestic enterprises, the East and Harbin Electrics, which are large-scale backbones for hydroelectric units, have the capacity and performance to produce large water pumping reservoirs. > In foreign and Chinese joint ventures, Foit, General Electric, and Toshiba, which are more competitive and influential in the domestic market, have the capacity to design and manufacture 400mw large pumping reservoirs.
Figure 14: In 2021, the company achieved business income of $47.82 billion, an increase of 28 per cent in the same year, and net profit of $2.29 billion for mothers, an increase of 23 per cent in the same year. In the first quarter of 2022, business income of $14.11 billion, an increase of 30 per cent in the same year, and net profit of $930 million for mothers, an increase of 46 per cent in the same year.
The company continues to optimize the industry landscape of the “Six Power Together, Five Industries Synergy.” Roe, roic and roa are growing year by year, increasing their profitability, reaching 7 per cent/ 6 per cent/per cent/per cent in 2021.The company focuses mainly on the provision of equipment and related services for all types of energy production and use. Renewable energy equipment, clean and efficient energy equipment operations have a greater impact on overall profitability, with a 14 per cent and 22 per cent Māori ratio for these two operations in 2021.
The company ' s new subscriptions grew steadily from 56.4 billion yuan in 2021, a 14 per cent increase in the same year, and renewable energy equipment, clean and efficient energy equipment, engineering and trade, modern manufacturing services and new and growing industries accounted for three records, respectively, of the company ' s single-manufactured, single-manufactured, high-capacity land-based and high-altitude production of wind products, the development of 13mw offshore wind units that were officially downlined, 10mw offshore wind units that delivered and delivered bulk and 7mw wind-power volumes and operated online. As wind turbines accelerated the process of large-scale mitigation efficiency, the process of adding wind-equivalence at sea to a large-power machine tender, the company ' s large-scale power generation equipment will continue to benefit from industrial change.
In 2021, the company sold 3.4gw of wind turbines, which is estimated to be about 6% of the market. The company’s renewable energy equipment business is deep-farming large-scale water turbine generator technology, with hydropower products at the highest overall level in the country.
Some of the key technologies are leading the world by setting new industry poles. The company has developed the highest water-capable long-drawn mountain pumping storage project unit in the country, and the maximum capacity of the maximum capacity of the water-pumping project unit, with excellent performance on various parameters. The company has continued to promote full product coverage of the pumping conservator product model, which has been designed to develop various types of pumping reservoirs in the range of 200-800 metres, 40-375mw levels, 150-500rpm rotations, product-types leading in the diversity industry.
In 2021, the company sold 8.1gw of water turbine generators, with a ratio of production to the market of about 40 per cent. Company clean and efficient energy equipment operations. Company clean and efficient energy equipment operations, mainly steamer generators, power station turbines, power station boilers, etc., were used mainly for power generation such as nuclear power, electric power, etc. Corporate turbine generators, power station turbines, power station boilers, etc. 2021
The company has a strong scientific and technological innovation capability in clean and efficient energy equipment, leading the technical industry, and the first autonomous intellectual property class F50mw heavy burner has obtained a demonstration project order and has been used at the manufacturing end to automate small blades in steam turbines, to make unattended modules, to conduct online testing, automatic compensation, etc.; to complete the construction of the boiler container collection system for digital ray detection, and to develop the first domestic application for ultra-light tube control arrays. The company's clean and efficient energy equipment is mainly for turbine generators, power station turbines, power station boilers, etc., and is used mainly for power generation, such as nuclear power and electric power. In 2021, the company's turbine generators, power station turbines, power station boilers, etc.
The company has a strong scientific and technological innovation capability in clean and efficient energy equipment, leading the technology industry, and the first autonomous intellectual property class F50mw heavy burner has been awarded a demonstration project order, and technical applications such as automation of small blades at the manufacturing end of the engine, de-loading of unattended modules, on-line testing, automatic compensation, etc.; completion of the boiler container block welding digital ray detection system and the development of the first domestic application for ultra-distant tube control arrays The company has steadily increased its operating income, with wind and power operations growing faster. The overall Māori rate is in the middle of the industry, as compared to its counterparts, due to the lack of higher rates of relay protection and soft transmission, transformer equipment operations.
Level; the decline in the Māori rate in 2021 was mainly due to a decrease in the new size of the fire and electricity business, a decline in contract prices and an increase in the price of raw materials such as steel. Figure 31: Comparable corporate operating income (billion yuan) Figure 33: Comparable net corporate interest rate (%)
Figure 34: Net gains/total profits from comparable corporate activities (%)
Figure 38: Comparable corporate financial cost ratios (%) Operating capacity: Corporate fixed asset turnover, receivables turnover are higher in the industry, receivables are low as a percentage of receipts, inventory turnover is average in the industry and overall operating capacity is excellent. Figure 39: Comparable corporate fixed asset turnover (sub-total)
Figure 40: Comparable corporate inventory turnover (sub) Figure 41: Comparable corporate accounts receivable turnover (sub) Figure 42: Comparable corporate accounts receivable as a percentage of receipts (%)
In terms of solvency, contract liabilities, which account for a relatively large share of the company ' s current liabilities, have increased year by year, mainly because of the increase in the size of the business, the increase in commodities to be paid to customers by the receipt or receivable of a customer ' s value for money; liquidity, which is dominated by items such as monetary funds, receivables and advances, is more repossible, is closely linked to the company ' s operating business of current liabilities and is at the industry average; on a growth-oriented basis, the growth rate of corporate operating income and net profits from parentage is at the forefront of the industry and remains at a high level of roe. The net cash flow generated by the company ' s operations in 2020-2021, together with the corresponding rate of increase, is mainly negative.
This is due to the large amount of normal operating net outflows of financial subsidiaries, after which net cash from operating activities amounts to 2,402 million yuan and 705 million yuan, respectively.Figure 48: Comparable net profits from companies increased at the same rate as net profits from the parent (%) The focus during the “145 period in the country was on the implementation of the “two-to-two-hundred project”, which will start construction in 200 municipalities and counties for more than 200 pumping energy projects, with the full potential of pumping water to support the development of large bases, 1455
From January to May 2022, a total investment of $604.1 billion was made, representing an increase of $155.4 billion, or 34.5 per cent, over the same period last year. From 2022, stock-pumping projects are expected to accelerate construction and project projects are expected to enter the bidding stage ahead of schedule. Companies, as pioneers of water-pumping equipment, will continue to benefit from higher income growth in the industries and actively develop and implement technology-protected rivers to maintain a good level of profitability.
The company’s main business model is to develop, design, manufacture, market, and sell state-of-the-art wind, solar, hydroelectric, nuclear, gas, electric power and other clean and efficient energy power sets, as well as to provide engineering support packages and services to global energy operators, relying on large-scale electrical equipment for production and operation, which in the future will lead to the full-scale rapid development of gold wind and water pumping. Using the fcff valuation method, we will be awarded three listed companies that are also engaged in the development, manufacture and sale of electrical equipment, Shanghai Electric, Goldwind Technology, and State Electric Swe, based on the following main assumptions.
In terms of industry, Eastern Electric, Shanghai Electric, Golden Wind Technology, and National Electric Nanxie are the main products of the equipment and secondary equipment required for each part of our electricity system. The annual operating income of Eastern Electric, Shanghai Electric and Golden Wind Technologies is close, with three enterprises mainly involved in the sale of power generation kits, and Eastern Electric and Shanghai Electric is engaged in various traditional and new energy sources, such as electric power, hydroelectric power, wind power, nuclear power, and has a dominant share in the traditional field of fire power and hydroelectric equipment. The market is close to or above 30%.
In terms of prospects for industrial development, the wind and wind power of the Golden Wind technology, as well as the fire and hydropower industries of the Eastern and Shanghai Electrics, have increased their construction needs on a larger scale in the 14th century to meet the country’s goal of building a new electricity system. The three enterprises’ gross-origin ratio is consistently around 15-25%, and the three companies are valued at a comparable value between the conventional profit zones of the electricity primary equipment.
The leading equipment companies, which are mainly engaged in power-control systems, smart distribution equipment, research and development and marketing of super-high voltage main equipment, are more concentrated in the market pattern of the country’s electricity grid, with a total investment of about 500 billion dollars per year in the construction of the country’s electricity grid, with companies earning more than Eastern Electric, Shanghai Electric, and Golden Wind technology. At the same time, the country’s software and high-end equipment operations are relatively high, with an overall Māori rate higher than that of one equipment company and greater stability in the industry.
In the light of the above, we believe that these four companies are comparable in terms of industry, size of collection, customer nature, profitability, etc. We believe that the company is a large domestic head of electrical equipment, deep-farming large-scale water turbine generator technology, and that its pumping reservoirs are developed at an overall advanced level in the industry, with some of the key technologies leading internationally and setting up the industry.
New poles, with high technical barriers to the production of large pumping reservoirs, and company-plus-discharged equipment development and production, are expected to take advantage of the industry’s rapid growth in the future to enter the lift-up route; as the wind engine process accelerates, the wind-down efficiency process collates the wind-pitching process to open a high-power tender, the company’s large-scale power-generating equipment will continue to benefit from changes in the industry, and market occupancy rates are expected to increase. It is the company’s calculation of free cash flows, the calculation of equity-fund costs, the assumption of a sustained growth rate, and the choice of valuation parameters for comparable companies over the next few years, all of which include a large number of individual judgements, which will lead to an increase in valuation rates.
Risks of deviation, as follows: 1. Prospective estimates of future better earnings and profit growth for the company over the long term, leading to high value of free cash flow calculations over the next 10 years, leading to risk of valuation bias; 2. Equity fund cost ke has a greater impact on the company ' s valuation, with the risk-free interest rate of 3.0 per cent, the equity risk premium of 5.0 per cent being used in the calculation of ke, which is likely to be low, resulting in lower value of the calculations of ke
The risks of overvaluation of companies;3 We assume a 2.5 per cent growth rate of company tv after 10 years, and that the company's main industries, including wind power, water pumping and other forms of energy, are now growing well and downstream demand is high, but in the future there is a potential for industry growth to slow down or even decline, resulting in the risk of continued real low or negative growth of companies, leading to overvalued companies;
There are risks to the above valuation methods: comparable firms selected, companies with different downstream applications, market competitive elements and patterns, and industry-wide valuation levels. Price/morigin rate declines: based on judgements about industry patterns and industry characteristics, we believe that the subsequent share of revenues will be higher, and that there may be a significant risk of price decline if competition in the subsequent industries increases.
There is a lower than expected risk of industry growth if local support for the development of pumping energy projects and the construction of industrial chains falls short of expectations. Frequent and recurrent outbreaks in domestic and foreign markets may affect the normal production and delivery of companies, as well as the construction of energy projects of all types, thereby causing companies to sell less income and profits than expected.
Schedule: Financial forecasts and valuations Authors of letters of credit Authors of reports ensure that the data used are from compliance channels; analytical logic is based on the author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality through reasonable judgement and conclusion, without any third party ' s approval or influence; authors have not done so in the past, now or in the future