002415.sz. Smarthead, alot continues to open up electronics. Other electronicsii.
In the short term, the epidemic has affected the pace of growth and intelligence has given new impetus to security. The company is a video-centric smartness network solution and a big data service provider that has been leading the video surveillance industry for eight years. In 2022, it was affected by the epidemic, with overall performance under pressure, and in the last three quarters, it was public service.
The industry (pbg) is largely flat, the enterprise (ebg) and the SME (smbg) are falling; overseas operations and innovation are growing well. With the technological advances of the new generation of iti, in particular, the breakthrough of the ii technology, companies have gradually expanded into “pan security” areas, and intelligence has become a new growth.
According to third-party projections, our smart security market is expected to break by 250 billion yuan by 2026; a continuous increase in camera penetration will be observed, with the Chinese share exceeding 40% by 2023. A full range of changes and innovations will continue to open aiot’s new market.
The core product, which is also the first commercialized area of the 'i' era, has, with the diversity of the scenes, also characterized the industry as fragmented and long-tailed. Since 15 years, the company has been targeting its business shelf with a 52-week maximum/minimum price.
The architecture, the technology architecture, the R & D system, and the production system have been systematically streamlined and transformed. These major changes will support companies’ continued growth in the alot era.
Business and investment mechanisms provide a solid foundation for intra-employee entrepreneurship. The company has now hatched eight major new business directions, and innovation has grown better, becoming an important engine of business growth. In the first half of 2022, the company generated $7.08 billion (+25.62%) of total revenue.
Government-level inputs are expected to recover gradually, and cost-controlled profits are expected next year. As the numbers continue, the demand for digitalization of industries remains strong; after the party’s 20th birthday, government-level inputs are expected to recover gradually.
Haeconway (002415.sz) - Growth of 7.4 per cent in the previous three quarters on a year-on-year basis Prospective and Valuation of Profit: Through a multi-dimensional valuation, we believe that corporate stock is reasonably valued between Haeconway (002415.sz) - the resilience of overseas operations, and innovation opens up new business
Considering the company's continued placement of the track, its strong ability to innovate has helped it to break through the industry ceiling, the steady growth of Hayconvey (002415.sz)-21 and 1q22, and the launch of the Smart Group, the tri-quarter review of Heconway-002415-2021: steady performance growth, innovation industry
"Heconway View-002415 - Deep Report: Light as Axis to the New Era." Heconway sees himself as the world's leading intellectual visual service provider.
The company is a smartness network solution and big data service provider with video at its core. The company focuses on intelligence networking, big data services and smart business, building open cooperative ecology, providing services to users in public services, businesses and small and medium-sized enterprises, and working to build cloud edge integration, conflagration, intellectual convergence.
According to the Omdia report, the company's eight-year-long video surveillance industry is the world's first in a four-year series of a &s “Global Security 50” rankings. The company was originally founded in 2001 with decoding technology to produce and sell back-end products such as dvr and card.
The H.264 algorithm was introduced into the industry, and the product line was gradually expanded from the back end to the front end and central control of the product, enabling video surveillance of the entire product line layout, which became the first global video-monitoring city in 2011. After the 2010 close-up, industry solutions were placed at the centre, and network and heights were constantly around.
From 2015, the company began to be intelligent, with the release of aicloud, the Proto-Intelligent Integration Platform, etc., all-round transformational security and intelligence. The company has gradually expanded its business boundaries from a single security product to smart goods, networking, big data services and smart business, driving the machine's video senses to see and see the way.
To understand, video technology has built a full value chain from R & D, manufacturing, and marketing. Heikang also grew from the 12th largest global security firm in the world at the beginning of the market, with a market value of over 40 billion dollars, to the absolute leader in the world’s 1st global security, with a market value of 300 billion dollars, for many years now.
Figure 2: Operating layout of the company: China-Heacon Group Limited, with 36.08 per cent shareholdings, 1.92 per cent shareholdings through its 52nd study of the China-China Electronics Section, 2.46 per cent investment holdings in its fully-owned electricity sector, and China-China Electronics-Technology Group, Inc.
The company's founder, Chairman Chen Jong, was the first shareholder of the company, the chairman and statutory representative appointed by the Electric and Haikang Group Ltd., and did not hold a share; the company's founder, Vice-President Goon Yong Jae, held 10.20% of the company's shares; and the company's founder, General Manager Hu Yangzheng, held 1.65% of the company's shares.
Equity incentives cover all levels of core talent. Since 2012, companies have developed 10-year and biennial equity incentive schemes, which have been awarded five times, with equity incentives covering all levels of management and management.
At the same time, the company continuously improves its performance appraisal mechanisms, combining recruitment, promotion, training, development, remuneration, and full motivation and creativity of its staff, resulting in pay benefits and shares.
High equity payments keep shareholders enjoying the dividends of the company’s rapid growth. From the start of the company’s listing, it has maintained a high rate of interest payments, and the share payments have risen steadily, with a slightly lower rate of equity payments in 2021.
Sliding, still at 44.39%, allows shareholders to enjoy the dividends of the company’s rapid growth over the long term. The quality of the company’s operations remains healthy, resilience is evident in adversity, the effects of the epidemic are repeated, and the performance of 2022 companies is affected.
Well, corporate growth was also disrupted. In 2021, the company recovered relatively well from the epidemic, achieving business income of $81,420 million, an increase of 28.21 per cent in the year, and a net profit of $16,800 million in the mother, an increase of 25.51 per cent in the year. But the impact of the epidemic was further exacerbated in 2022, with q3 generating revenues of $59,722 million in the year 2022.
The company’s traditional business has grown steadily and its innovative business has performed well. After 2001, the company started with video cards and dvr products, and at the beginning of the market, the company’s back-end product contributed more than 60% of its revenue, along with the company’s business side.
In 2021, the company adjusted its revenue disclosure structure to incorporate traditional front-end and back-end products into its main products and services, and refined it by disclosing its entrepreneurial activities such as smart homes, robotics, thermal imaging, auto electronics, storage, and others.
The company’s Māori rate and net interest rate are significantly ahead of industry counterparts. The company’s supply chain management capacity continues to improve.
In the broader context of supply-chain tensions, companies have stabilized at the cost-side, their Māori rate declined slightly in 2021, their concentration in the industry has increased, and the company’s leadership has been highlighted, leading to a sustained increase in Māori rates. The company’s Māori rate and net interest rates have had significant advantages compared to market competitors.
The company’s sales/management/fiscal rates range from +0.29/+0.49/-1.18 pcts for 2022q3 to +0.29/+0.49/-1.18 pcts. The company’s sales costs are higher than its revenues: management costs are higher as a result of staff growth; financial costs are the result of an increase in current exchange rate earnings.
The net operating cash flow has declined considerably, to $160 million. Since the second half of last year, companies have been actively preparing their goods, continuing to maintain a high inventory strategy, and stock turnover days have increased.
Post-Scientific Research Workstations, with Hangzhou at the centre, set up a system of R & D centres in Beijing, Shanghai, Wuhan, Xian, Chengdu and Montreal, Canada, and London, United Kingdom, with planned R & D inputs in Chongqing and Shijia. By the end of 2021, the company had over 52,000 employees worldwide, including R & D staff and technology service providers.
Figure 14: Corporate R & D staff and percentage (persons, %)
The epidemic has had a short-term impact on the security sector, which for many years has been the world’s leading security industry in China. The security sector has evolved around the upgrading of video surveillance technology. Video surveillance systems have enabled remote surveillance sites to capture and process video, manage, control, and conduct emergency operations.
The full video surveillance system consists of a large part of five video cameras, transmissions, controls, displays, and records registers. China’s security sector has undergone five stages: simulation, digitization, networking, high-cleaning, and intelligence.
Figure 15: Development of the security sector in 22 years affected the security environment. With the outbreak in March 2022 in some parts of the country, the country's industries have suffered a certain negative impact. According to the statistics of the Security Association, 22q2 of the country's security sector has been affected.
In the medium- and long-term, the security sector has continued to grow steadily, and our smart security market is expected to break by $250 billion by 2026. In terms of total industry output, the overall security sector grew steadily, with a compound increase, between 11 and 19 years.
In 2019, the total output of the industry was $826 billion, an increase of 15 per cent. In the video surveillance market, the size of the market was 20 billion yuan in 2017. As the construction of the City of Peace, the City of Wisdom and so forth progressed, the demand for the market for the control of equipment and high clearance equipment would be opened further, and the size of the video surveillance market was projected for 2020.
Over US$ 13.6 billion, expected to exceed US$ 20 billion by 2023. As the security industry moves towards intelligence depth, the size of the smart security market will continue to grow, and the market is expected to break out by 2026.
Programners, downstream operators/integrators. In the safety chain, product manufacturers in midstream are primarily responsible for the supply of market-based products, including video surveillance products, building-to-house products, etc., and are an important link in the direction of the entire industry. Solution providers are specific scenarios or applications.
All the products needed for the system are: video surveillance, a restricted system, an organic combination of building talk, intrusion alarms, etc., which provides users with complete, systematic solutions. Video surveillance is the most important component of the security industry, with products accounting for more than 50% of the market for the whole security product.
Figure 19: An industry chain map of the security sector shows two super-highly strong global security markets, with Heikang leading the world for eight consecutive years. According to omdia, global security market concentration has gradually increased, and in 2020, Heikangway was ranked 8 consecutively.
The New Year's League video surveillance industry is the world's number one, with 29.8% of the city, the second largest shareholding industry, and the second largest. Smartness prompts the industry to move in the direction of general security.
Rapid applications blur the boundaries of defensive products, and techniques such as recognition, video analysis, living body testing, etc., are gradually integrated into the security products, which are starting to extend to all aspects of people's lives, and to integrate with the telecommunications, transport, construction, property, etc.
Artificial intelligence is an important development in general security. Aai+security uses computer visual and cognitive knowledge mapping techniques to structure video, i.e., the identification and extraction of video data features, bioidentification, and the use of physical and behavioural characteristics of the human body for personal identification, object identification.
Ai camera penetration will continue to rise, with a 40% rate in China by 2023. According to Morgan Stanley's projections, global camera penetration is projected to be 35%, network cameras 53% and analog cameras 12%.
By 41%, the network camera was 58%, while the simulation camera was only 1%. Global change and innovation, aiding the sea’s Constance flying alot of new video surveillance, as the most central product of pan-security, was also the first commercialized area of the ‘i’ era, as the scene unfolded.
Diversifying also allows the industry to become fragmented and long-tailed. Thus, companies need to adapt to continuous changes in the industry through a full range of changes. Since 2015, firms have systematically streamlined and transformed their business structures, their technological infrastructure (computing architecture and data architecture), their research and development systems, and their production systems.
These major changes will support rapid corporate leapfrogging in the alot era. Business architecture: three major clusters of high-synergy, rapid response to demand, more effective coordination of internal resources based on a more targeted approach to different types of markets and customers
Different business models have been divided into three major groups. In the past era of high-level video clearance and networking, the security sector has been at the heart of solutions, with Heconway starting in 2009 and creating a vertical business zone between more than 40 subsectors in the seven major sectors of public security, transport, justice, finance, humanism, energy and buildings.
In order to better respond to client needs and improve internal operating efficiency, in 2018 the company launched a restructuring of its business structure, dividing more than 40 industries in seven major industries into three clusters of public service (pbg), enterprise (ebg), SME (smbg) businesses that help to digitize users and fight.
In the first half of 2022, the domestic market was affected by the epidemic, which slowed down the growth of the three main lines of activity. In the first half of the year, the Pbg project collected $6,975 million (1.40%) and ebg.
In the first half of 2022, businesses were under pressure because of the impact of the epidemic on government spending, the closure of property and delays in commercial purchases. But, with the digital economy, the digital transformation of government, industry, and industry is continuing, pbg and ebg are expected to return to steady growth.
Figure 25: Changes in the company’s three major clusters of 18-22h1 (millions of dollars) Public service community (pbg): location of tog clients, data enabler public service. The company’s pbg operations are based on the perception platform, data platform and application platform, urban digitalization, intelligent transformation, etc.
The creation of a number of intellectual bases for intelligent cities, which provide the foundation for the development of such smart urban operations as public safety, urban governance, transportation, natural resources, eco-environmental protection, and the deepening of the coverage and value of public services, as well as contributing to the digital transformation of industries and cities, and supporting the management of intelligent cities.
The demand for security products for business users has shifted from simple hardware deployment to products and solutions centred on video networking and i-vision technology. The company uses visual perception as a central digital tool around the application and management of business operations.
Tools for business extension to help business users innovate business instruments, improve management efficiency, and continuously expand digital enterprise solutions that integrate traditional informatization, equipment facilities, landscape intelligence, and in a variety of lines, such as coal oretals, commercial property, manufacturing enterprises, tobacco and alcohol, logistics, retail chains, education and teaching
The public Yunsaas platform under the company’s flag, as the leader of the “Video+ai” cloud services market, extends from retail industry to a wider segmented industry, such as community, epoch, logistics, providing a digital transformation solution for chain users, management, intelligence, and insight. By the end of 2020, cumulative services had exceeded 150,000.
Retail outlets, 1.6 million community owners, 1.3 million parents of students, over 10,000 offices, 450,000 logistics nodes, 2,000 developers; cumulative access to nearly 1.6 million equipment terminals; SME enterprise (smgg): location of mid- and long-tail clients and creation of a pan-security industry Internet for small and medium-sized enterprises.
There is a growing demand for digital construction, with companies forming a smbg business team based on a channel distribution management team. The smb market is a very representative long-tail market, with a large number of micro-enterprises, microparks, shops, factories, small areas, landscapes, farms, etc., with a wide market space, but a large project particle.
Small, and highly dispersed users, it is difficult to achieve direct and efficient market coverage. Companies invest in integrated business cities, trade, communities, programmes, content, services and tools-based industrial Internets, covering millions of defense practitioners and users, and work to build one-stop-optimal products and services that meet output.
The company’s general anti-industry Internet product matrix, consisting of two main platforms, Haikang Interconnection and Haikang Clouds: Seacom Interconnection: Positioned at b2c, Support Engineers, Installers, etc.
\triangleright implemented to enable users to easily use equipment, browse content, respond to needs, etc. Seacom interconnection equipment management, application configuration, solutions, value-added services and content acquisition capabilities for SMEs
Users provide one-stop-shop solutions, online interactions, content marketing and services.
A wide range of capabilities for linking professional content, connecting clients, linking employees, business analysis, etc. Figure 27: Corporate Pan-Asymmetric Internet Product Matrix
Why do you need aicloud's computing architecture for cloud-side integration? Isomer-based data are produced on a large scale in the age of object networking, but simple cloud-based computing models based on the Internet are not suitable for object-networking. This is mainly because of network bandwidth, storage resources, computing capabilities, and rapid operational response.
For example, a video network with 100,000 cameras can produce about 30 pb per month, and if the raw data are brought together to the center of the cloud, it will not only greatly enhance the build-up, but also affect the agility of the business response.
Controlling costs also ensures business efficiency and becomes an important issue in the age of the Internet. Thus, there is a need for an intelligent architecture that allows for both marginal calculations and the central processing of big isomer data as required, in order to achieve the organic integration of artificial intelligence, big data, cloud computing and terminal equipment. In short, from a computational point of view, "The cloud is melting."
Convergence is the computing structure for the most appropriate intelligent object networking application, and it is the aicloud of the computing resources advocated in the intelligent age — “marginal perception, needs-based convergence, multi-layered perception, hierarchical application”, which was released in October 2017 by aicloud, which provides a “clomatic convergence” computing structure to “marginalization”
Sensitization, needs-based convergence, multilayered cognitive and hierarchical applications are the main technical features that make the smartness network architecture generally accepted by industry. The aicloud structure of the Sea Convergence is based on marginal nodes, marginal areas and cloud centres.
\triangleright margin area: focuses on perception data convergence, storage, processing and intelligent applications; Cloud Centre: focuses on business data integration and large data multi-dimensional analysis applications.
To build an intelligent computing architecture that is consistent with the alot era is not simply a cloud + edge, in which the marginal domain plays an important role. The margin area decides when, what data is to be processed, to what extent, to be sent to the cloud centre, to achieve "convergence on demand."
Accumulation of applications, etc., has constructed a stereo-based intellectual architecture for networking -- alcloud. Figure 28: The company's three-storey computing architecture for cloud-side integration Data architecture: how to organize data in the age of alot
In March 2019, the company released its "Intelligent Integration" data platform, "Intelligent Integration," which, by definition, is the integration of intelligent objects with information systems, which is the data channel between intelligent objects and information networks.
From a perspective, it is only by organizing the data in the smarts network in accordance with the models needed in the information network and integrating them in the information network that the joint data can be well used by the information system and by the users. Only by integrating the smarts network into the information networks such as the Internet, industry information networks, etc., can it really be achieved.
To interact fully with people. So, “Technology integration” is more like a data flow for the intelligent age. Figure 29: Corporate “Technology New Integration” data platform, Probative Integration Data Platform, which provides data services across intelligent networking and information networks
The corporate “fiscal integration” data architecture supports cross-intelligent networking and information network resource governance, data governance, data integration, data services and data applications, and the main competencies can be summarized as: perception resource governance capacity, multi-source data pooling capacity, integration data governance capacity and data service capacity.
Perceptive resource governance capacity: Building on the accumulation of technology over the years in the field of physical networking, companies have built a system of joint perception resource-building evaluation indicators, provided knowledge resource governance and evaluation tools, enhanced perception data quality through source management, and provided important support for industry users in building and upgrading their perception systems.
Multi-source data pooling capacity: through access to and intelligent processing of multiple types of perception data, first of all, the integration of current multi-dimensional perception data collisions; at the same time, the provision of a data collection tool for information network data to support the expansion of data types, data formats and data interfaces; and, lastly, the use of data and information network data in combinations,
In-depth integration through integration and aggregation. Integration data governance capacity: more than 30 components, including data standards, uniform authentication, data competence, resource management centres, strategy centres, operations centres, data security, etc., that comprise a data governance tool for integration of property.
The package can be adapted to the data governance landscape of different projects as required. At the same time, data business application studies, data research, access programme design, data integration, data governance implementation, data modelling, generic data application implementation, etc., are undertaken in collaboration to support data governance engineering and regional division of labour.
Data service capacity: the integration, distribution and management of data service interfaces through the provision of standardized interfaces for application levels, with more than 420 generic interfaces for direct call by third-party developers, while supporting the development of new data service interfaces. The platform provides centralized resource requests, allocations and controls
Heart function, adapted to the high Haikang data intelligence platform hbp, open-source Hadoop, and third-party Paas figure 30: Corporate information integration data resource platform R & D system: building a unified R & D system that responds quickly to market demands
Because of the fragmentation of the business landscape, software development, delivery, and maintenance have raised a range of issues from clients, delivery, and research and development, such as product integration, version upgrading, and duplication.
The original software R & D model needs to be recast to shift software R & D from a “market demand-driven” development model to a “market demand-driven” development model, leading to a sustainable and rapid push out of high-quality software products to respond to rapidly growing software market demand.
As a result, since 2016, companies have focused on soft and hard integration and synergistic development, building a unified software R & D system based on a fast-changing orientation of market demand, building on a component-based development model that targets multiple industries and multiple R & D teams across the company. The core of a unified software R & D system is a corporate unified software technology architecture, based on evidence.
The rapid development and replication of current industry applications has served the value of software reuse and enhanced software compatibility How to build a unified software research and development system?
All R & D teams can be based on a unified software architecture, back-to-back co-development, consistent on platforms, interfaces, and style, and fast-track integration. Companies use the architecture + component = product model to build software products.
Software modules for a technology or business assignment, which are modularized and designed for reuse, have a 93 per cent recovery rate for components in the products, with an average of only 5 additional components per product. Under the Unified Research and Development System, the company has created software covering all provincial operations centres throughout the country and some overseas regions
The R & D team, all R & D teams share a unified technical architecture and reusable components, shared software development, management, operating environment, and configuration management strategies, resulting in software scaling and collaborative production. Under the U & D system, software and hardware products are designed, produced in closer synergy and integration, achieving "convergence"
Design, development, and deployment.” Figure 31: Unified corporate R & D system, 2019.
A large number of software outcomes have been deposited, and all products have been constructed on the basis of a unified architecture that allows for compatibility and synergy among the various software products and minimizes the integration and collaboration costs associated with inter-system connectivity.The software product families of the basic software platform + the generic software platform + the common software platform have been formed:
Basic software platform: can be summarized as "two pools, three pools, one platform, one environment." "two pools" refers to the calculation of storage and data pools, including marginal cloud and central cloud computing platforms, cloud storage platforms, large data base platforms; "three libraries" refers to component warehouses, algorithm stores, model warehouses, respectively.
Management and reuse of components, algorithms and models; "One screen" means a large screen visual application development tool that supports the configuration of visual applications in zero-coded settings and their correlation to data: "seven platforms" means a resource management dispatch platform, a smart perception network platform, ai open platform, a perception integration enabler
Stations, virtual integration data resource platforms, open platform for smart applications, platform for integrated transport services, storage resource scheduling for all types of smart applications, device access networking, smart algorithm training, smart service distribution, data pooling governance, intelligent application development, integrated transport service capabilities; "One Environment"
is the four-dimensional space operating environment, i.e. the virtual time and space operating environment corresponding to the physical world, which supports the perception that resources and data resources are stored, associated and analysed in the same time and space environment.
Sweeping, alarm management, inspection supervision, meeting interactions, content publishing, etc. Take, for example, a common soft platform for visual command, including a high-point video networking platform, an actual map application platform, an on-the-ground viewing platform, avr panorama application platform, an integrated communications application platform, and an integrated mobile law enforcement platform.
Industry software platform: The company provides services to more than 70 subsectors, gradually forming more than 100 application platforms for various industries. For example, the traffic police industry provides a platform for traffic violations management, a platform for integrated traffic control, a platform for urban traffic situation analysis, a traffic accident research platform, and a law enforcement case
Integrated management platforms, high-speed traffic safety monitoring and governance platforms, smart checkpoint application platforms, driving video-smart inspection platforms, etc. Production systems: agile, flexible and synergistic supply chains
The company has built a strong and well-developed supply chain system. The fragmentation of the video application landscape has led to a relatively fragmented downstream response with a relatively fragmented market and a high degree of customization of demand, so that efficient and accurate raw material demand forecasting and management, flexible and effective coordination planning and organizational production are the company ' s supply chain ' s response to variable demand, optimization of costs, etc.
From the start of the market, companies have focused heavily on building their own supply chain systems, gradually moving from foreign production to full self-production. Companies are now involved in more than 27,000 product models and are managed efficiently through their excellent supply chain management capabilities. Since the second half of last year, industries have been subject to raw materials.
The company’s efforts to build domestic manufacturing bases in Hangzhou, Hangzhou River, Chongqing, to sustain the build and build of the Wuhan manufacturing base, Chongqing’s expansion program, and to build overseas factories in India, Brazil, and the United Kingdom to support global production.
With more than 180 smt production lines and more than 40 automated assembly lines, the company builds the leading automated production capacity in the industry, building agile, flexible and coordinated manufacturing system that meets multi-species, small-volume, large-scale and customized production patterns.
The company has now gradually imported more than 800 “adults” smart-handling robots at its production base, which are fully automated with storage and in-house logistics, reducing human costs by about 50% and increasing efficiency by nearly 80%. The company will continue to promote the construction of smart factories, supported by a comprehensive information system, with the help of physical networking technology and automated technology.
The company has also built a global marketing system, generating value in conjunction with its partners. Thirty-two provinces have been established within the company.
Business centres, which move their business decision-making and software customization capabilities forward, cover most of the country’s municipalities by more than 300 city branches and guarantee the efficient operation of their operations. The company has also established 19 regional functional centres abroad, with 66 branches, with a national capacity for marketing, services and research and development, for 155 countries and regions.
Figure 32: Corporate global marketing networks, the era of security, the quality development of an enabling and innovative business, and the investment mechanism have created a solid foundation for innovative business.
Corporate-specific innovation and investment mechanisms create fertile ground for intra-employee entrepreneurship. Since 2016, the Department has implemented core employee and innovative business mechanisms, where employees become shareholders in corporate innovation, innovation business, and incubators for employee entrepreneurship and growth.
60 per cent of the holdings, 40 per cent of the staff and 40 per cent of the investment platform, and the staff and the investment platform are divided into a plan and b plans: a: 32 per cent, composed of mid- and senior-level managers and core staff of companies and fully-owned subsidiaries and innovation companies, to force and invest in all types of innovation and to ensure that Haikangwe sees core staff and staff.
(b) Plan b: 8 per cent, comprising core and full-time staff of the Innovative Business Associates, participating in and investing in a particular innovation business, further stimulating the creativity and spirit of the Innovative Business Associates workforce.
Figure 33: Firestone Network Equity Structures Innovative Businesses are gradually becoming an important engine of corporate growth. Through unique follow-up mechanisms, Heconway sees the benefits of its continuous sedimentation and accumulation of technological capabilities as a good ground for innovative business openings.
Innovative business has grown rapidly, becoming an important engine for the growth of corporate business, generating $7.08 billion in corporate innovation in the first half of 2022.
(+25.62 per cent), representing 18.81 per cent of total revenue, further upswing. Smart households: breaking up the fluorescent network, where innovation becomes a new engine of growth.
Founded in 2015 as the company's first incubating innovation business, the company has recently announced plans to divide its subsidiaries, the fluorescent network, into a market. After six years of development, it has developed a product system of "1+4+n" Yunping station, self-employed products, eco-products, with cloud platforms serving as hubs, smart home cameras, and smart home cameras.
By the end of December 2021, there were more than 159 million iot access devices for the Flystone Cloud Platform, registered to the platform.
In 2021, there were over 20 million sales of all kinds of smart household products, including smart home cameras, smart cat eyes, smart door locks, escort robots, etc.
In the first half of 2022, the company's smart business collected $1.960 billion.
(+4.74%) The slowdown is mainly affected by the epidemic. According to the Public Notices for Dismantling, 132 million yuan a year has been raised to 451 million yuan a year in 21 years, with a complex increase of more than 50%.
The Haikang robots revolve around mobile robots and industrial cameras. Hyukang's technology is at the heart of visual perception, ai, and navigation control, and the deployment of mobile robots and industrial cameras. According to the company's announcement of plans to separate robots on the market, robotic operations have grown rapidly over the last three years, with revenue reaching 27.40 in 2021.
Billion yuan (+76.55%), resulting in a net return to the mother of 485 million yuan, a significant increase in the same year. In the first half of 2022, 1.76 billion yuan (+44.75%) was collected from the Department ' s robotics business, which is the company ' s fastest growing innovation business.
Cmr moving robots and the fmr series of robotic forklifts have three major hardware product lines and robotic dispatch systems rcs, smart storage systems iwms, two major software platforms. Through organic deployments and combinations of various robots, smart logistics solutions are provided for manufacturing, automobiles, 30 electronics, logistics, food medicine, etc.
Focus on the industrial senses, the portals to the network. Machine vision, as the core of the industrial senses, is the eyes of robotics and automation equipment, the key entry to the digital factory perception network, and the company uses the vm visual development platform as its core to develop visual applications ecology, working with partners to meet the debris-based industrial complex.
The company’s most published second-generation industrial-faced camera series, with a brand-new fpga platform, has been comprehensively upgraded in terms of power control, image quality and transmission stability.
Our projections for profitability are based on the following assumptions: Public service clusters (pbg): in 2022, affected by repeated and persistent epidemics, the digitalization of the public, transport, justice, etc. has slowed, but markets are expected to move in the second half of the year, against the backdrop of macro-policies driving the economy.
Businesses (ebg): The epidemic lags behind the digital transformation of businesses in the short term, but in the medium and long term it is still the most definitive direction for growth, with ebg gradually growing into the company’s income-earner. The economy is expected to recover in the future Overseas operations: while companies face a certain adverse environment abroad, markets outside the United States as a whole are protected.
With steady growth, companies are expected to grow steadily in overseas security markets over the next three years, and in 22-24 years they are expected to do innovative business abroad: corporate innovation has been growing at a higher rate, robotics, fluorescents, etc., have been growing at a higher rate, and are planned to be marketed separately. Even in the context of the epidemic, entrepreneurial activity has been growing more steadily.
We use the above results as a neutral projection, and this is part of a profit scenario analysis. Given that corporate revenue and profits are mainly in the field of general security, this is closely linked to government spending on smart cities, smart security, and so on.
Considering the company's business characteristics, we use both absolute and relative valuations to estimate the company's soundness. As the company's global champion of security, smartness has brought new growth momentum to the industry as the climate of security continues to recover.
Based on the main assumptions set out in the table below, the fcff valuation method is used to obtain a sensitivity analysis of the company ' s reasonable value range as absolute valuation.
This absolute valuation is sensitive to wacc and constant growth rates, and the following is a sensitivity analysis. We have chosen another giant Chinese stock in the field of security as a comparable company; and we have chosen the area of security, considering that Heikang is currently changing continuously, that software attributes are increasing, and that digitization of the business is also a priority for the company.
On average, the average value of a company is 66-43 times higher than the average value of a company for 22-23 years, the current value of a traditional security industry is lower, and the overall value of an emerging area is higher.
There is also a premium on the rapid growth of innovation in combination with the continued progress of corporate ai and digitized business; and, in the same vein, strong innovation capacity helps it to keep its “buy-in” rating on a continuous basis beyond the industry ceiling. In the interim, the valuation was calculated on the basis of more assumptions, especially with regard to the company’s future.
The calculation of annual free cash flows, the calculation of weighted capital costs (wacc), the calculation of constant growth rates and the selection of valuation parameters comparable to those of companies all add to the judgement of many individuals:
High values, leading to risk of optimistic valuations: 2, weighted capital costs (wacc) have a very strong impact on corporate valuations, and we assume that in calculating Wacc, the risk rate is 2.5 per cent, the risk premium is 6.5 per cent, and there may still be low estimates or discounts for these parameters, resulting in
(b) The risk that the company's continued growth will be lower after the years, leading to an overvaluation of the company's valuation;
The Division ' s average dynamic pere in 2023 is used as a reference for relative valuation, taking into account the company ' s product leadership. The income growth assumptions are based on demand growth in the industries in which the ministries work.
There is a risk that corporate revenues will grow less than expected, as demand for digitization will fall short of expectations. There is a risk that sales costs, management costs, R & D inputs, or there will be an over-expected risk that there will be too much policy support, such as safe cities, snowwork, etc.
Traditional security needs are not as high as expected; downstream enterprises are less in need of digital transformation; receivables are higher; authors ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks independence, objectivity, impartiality, and conclusions are not directed or influenced by any third party; authors have not studied them in the past, now or in the future