Positive red performance is high, long-term investment values are high, and Pauly Development (600048) depth report 31 October 2024.
The company’s sales ranking has risen significantly since 2021. According to Creary’s sales ranking, the company’s full-calibre sales volume for the period 2014-2020 remained at 5-6, and its sales ranking rose to 4th in 2021.
In the first place, the industry is going to overturn. Companies continue to grow deep in their core cities and optimize their regional layouts.
Short- and long-term stabilization needs remain. In the medium- and long-term, the housing sector continues to be supported by a sustained increase in the rate of urbanization, the upgrading of the old city, and the improvement of the upgrading, while the demand for total housing remains. In the short and medium term, the sector has suffered in recent years.
cyclical downside impacts demand constraints, but the recent intensive and unprecedented pace of housing bailout policies is believed to speed up a steady decline in industry sales. Companies perform very well at first.
In the context of the industry’s overall record losses, firms are still profitable and perform well, as can be seen in their strong operational decision-making and competitiveness. Summary and investment advice.
In the lower cycle of the market, it is also possible to optimize the regional layout in the reverse market, and to move further to the top of the industry. On the other hand, companies have grown steadily over the years.
In the context of the down-cycles experienced by the industry in the last three years, it has remained profitable and resilient. At the same time, the corporate overall debt structure has been optimized, financing costs are low, and the basis for further upgrading of the rules and market rates has been laid.
The company is also actively buying back dividends, offering generous returns to investors, and the value of long-term investments is high.
But the downswing and the underperformance are based on the maintenance of a relatively low level of overall settlement Maori rates and the preparation of a reduction in impairments. The market’s sales are slowly warming, less than expected. Companies’ sales fall short of expectations, industries fall in ranking, and capital flows. A further decline in housing prices leads to a decline in profitability.
The Paulie Development Consumption Group Ltd. (sh600048), known as the Paulie Development Consort, was established in 1992 as a large listed company owned by the Chinese Polyconsumption Group.
Real estate development accounted for 90% of the total revenue and was the company’s main business. For 15 years, the company kept the real estate industry first in China in 2023.
The company has accumulated extensive project development experience for more than 30 years in the field of deep-farming real estate. The products ranged from homes, apartments, ' writing buildings, shopping malls, star hotels, galleries, stadiums, tourist properties, etc.
The company has built a well-established system of branding services for “human community” products, building three product lines, and building strong corporate production power. Real estate is a highly policy-sensitive industry that has fluctuated over the past 30 years or so.
We believe that companies, as conglomerates, can stay awake and strategically determined and develop steadily in times of overheating in the market, and that their strong shareholder background, years of accumulated experience and competitive advantages can also be used in the lower cycle of the market to optimize the regional layout and further increase the rate of occupancy in the reverse market, laying the foundation for more rapid follow-up development, for example.
Since the second half of 2021, there have been significant changes in industry depth, supply-demand relationships, and timely and effective adjustments in business strategies by corporate management, which have been implemented efficiently on a flat-sized two-tier structure to respond to market changes, thus gaining competitive advantage in complex situations, leading the industry and achieving high-quality development.
The company’s sales ranking has risen significantly since 2021. According to Creary’s sales ranking, the company’s overall sales value ranking for 2014-2020 remained at 5-6 places, with sales rankings rising to 4th place in 2021, and to 2nd place in 2022.
Point sales amounted to $53,492 million, with an annual compound increase of 12.9 per cent, followed by a fall in corporate sales and a decline in corporate sales standards, but the overall decline was lower than that of most of their counterparts, leading to a rise in industry rankings and market share against the market.
Figure 2: At the same time that the company has been growing by % over the last decade, it has continued to grow deep in its core cities and optimize its regional layout. Throughout the year 2023, the company achieved 422.2 billion yuan in sales, ranked first in the industry, and was the only firm in the industry that had made a breakthrough of 400 billion, with a strong competitive advantage.
Of these, nearly 90%, or 2 percentage points, were sold in the identified core of 38 cities. Pearl Triangle and Long Triangle contributed more than 110 billion yuan and 140 billion yuan respectively, Guang Buddha combined more than 80 billion yuan, Shanghai over 50 billion yuan, cities with 38 cities with a 6.8% increase of 0.7 percentage points, and cities with more than 10% of the total number of cities, single cities, 27 per cent.
But in the medium-to-long term, the housing sector is still supported by continuing demand from higher rates of urbanization, upgrading of the old city, and upgrading. In the short-to-medium term, the demand for housing remains.
While demand is constrained by cyclical downswings, recent and sustained housing-saving city policies have been intense and unprecedented, and it is believed that they will accelerate the decline in industry’s sales. On the other hand, housing demand has shifted from “house-to-house” to “house-well-to-house” and home-buyers’ product quality and goods to home-to-house enterprises.
Future firms with full development capacity, product innovation, and integrated services will have greater opportunities for development. It is believed that, as industry leaders, the moat will grow wider.
In terms of industrial policy, the intensity of central and local policies issued since this year has been unprecedented, reflecting the important role of real estate in stabilizing the economy. A new mix of real-estate, financial, fiscal, and tax policies has been launched, combining efforts to support inventory, guarantee delivery, boost demand, and optimize supply.
According to the Chinese Institute of Indexes, during the "gold week" the promotion of housing companies has generally increased, the number of visits to and subscriptions to core urban buildings has generally increased significantly over the period preceding the week, some of the projects have been delivered over the full month of September, and the opening of the "Silver Ten" has been “exceededed” and the market is “backgrounded”
In October, the Minister of Housing and Construction, at a new press conference, also mentioned that China’s real estate, after three years of policy adjustment, has begun to build the market. It is believed that policies will continue to work, and that improvements in the overall sales ring of the industry will be relatively visible in four quarters.
Figure 5: Monthly sales of national merchandise housing stock, Figure 4: Monthly sales of national merchandise housing stock, 4.
Companies have performed well over the years, and even in the context of the industry’s downward cycle in recent years, the industry as a whole has recorded losses in terms of profitability and performance, as evidenced by its strong operational decision-making and competitiveness. Corporate operating income grew from $109 billion in 2014 to $346.8 billion in 2023, with an annual compound growth rate of 13.7 per cent;
Corporate performance fell by more than 30% a year, but the industry as a whole and a number of leading second-line housing firms recorded a loss in performance over the same period, indicating a strong firm’s performance resilience. As a result, the carry-over ratio for low-profit projects increased, the company’s Māori carry-over rate decreased; and the investment-related real estate accounts for depreciation, inventory, etc.
The Māori rate has shown a marked decline in both the Māori and net profit rates for corporate sales in recent years as the industry moves into the second half of the year. The Māori and net profit rates for sales reported in mid-2019 peaked at 39.75 per cent and 18.23 per cent respectively.
After the settlement, the real-estate market is gradually coming back to a steady pace, the margin of profit of the company will be improved, leading to an upswing in performance. Debt structure will continue to be optimized, and financing costs will be low.
At the same time, the length and type of a company ' s debt are well structured, it maintains diversified and open access to financing and the cost of financing is low by billions of yuan, of which bank loans account for 73.73 per cent; corporate credit bonds account for 17.82 per cent; and non-bank financial institutions account for the issueable corporate bonds programme, which provides the basis for further optimization of the debt structure.
Active repurchases and the value of dividends and long-term investments highlighted the continued low performance of capital markets in 2023, with companies pushing for greater shareholder ownership and determinedly implementing buybacks of up to $2 billion.
With its strong shareholder background, accumulated experience over the years, and its competitive advantage, it can also optimize the regional distribution and further increase the occupancy rate in the reverse market. The company’s sales ranking has risen steadily in recent years, with its sales ranking from 2023 to the present, leading by the industry, with a strong leader.
In the context of the cycle, it remains profitable and resilient. At the same time, the corporate overall debt structure continues to be optimized, and the cost of financing is low, laying the groundwork for further scaling up.
The company also actively buys back dividends, offers generous returns to investors, and has a strong long-term investment value, but based on the maintenance of a relatively low level of overall settlement Maori and the preparation for impairments, the firm’s profit forecasts are downplayed, (1) real estate optimization policies are put in place less than expected, and local government bailout policies are not being implemented and effective.
(2) The market sales in the building are slow to warm up, as expected. (3) The company sells less than expected, the industry falls in ranking and the financial side is poor. (4) The further decline in house prices has led to a decline in profit margins.
It is reported that “positive” investors are only fit to use studies with a risk level not higher than “medium- and high-risk”, that “radical” investors are fit to use the various risk levels of our Division, that they possess the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association to consult on securities investments, and that they produce the present report independently and objectively, within the limits of their knowledge, in a diligent and professional manner. This report clearly and accurately reflects their research views and is free of the company's relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, funds.
I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and that I have not used them.