Development of Paulie (600048.sh): Head of the industry, 11 November 2024.
Public corporations cover real estate development and sales, property.
In 2023, real estate generated revenue of $322.5 billion, a 25.7 per cent increase over the same period. Services, globalization management, sales agents, business administration, real estate finance, etc.
In keeping with the strategy of deep-farming in “cities + urban clusters”, sales are ranked first in the industry. Of the 38 cities that have signed the 2024h1 contract, 32 are ranked fifth, 11 are ranked first, and the city's deep-farming strategy has been highly effective.
The intensity (total land price/contracted value of the Xintao project) has dropped significantly to 7.3%, while the equity share of the new project has increased considerably. Investment has focused more on high-level cities, with the share of the city in high-energy cities, which have reached 95.5%, while the premium rate has decreased significantly, while the average price has risen significantly.
Continued pressure on the size of earth storage, active development of high-quality earth storage, and continuous increase in the proportion of high-energy cities in construction projects. From the soil storage structure, it can be seen that companies have focused more on the “centre + urban cluster” stock/circulation unit (millions of shares) since 2022.
The soil storage area has been declining continuously since 2021; on the one hand, there has been an active expansion and development of the optimized earth storage, with the proportion of high-energy cities in the built-up area rising continuously.
At the end of the 2024h1 year, high-level cities had not been contracted.
Development of Paulie (600048.sh): The industry is strong, strengthening the strategy of deep-farming “central cities + urban clusters”
1.1 Development from Guangzhou to the whole country, through four main stages of development
In 1998, the company developed the Pauly Garden and created the country's first housing model area. (2) National, capital operations (2002-2010): In 2002, the company completed the reform of the stock system, which launched the “three majors, two combinations” and “Grand Years, the company formed specialized companies such as golf, fairs, commerce, foundations, etc., and acquired the Design Institute of the Heavy Industries.
Deep-farmers, diversified development (2010-2016): In 2010, the company set a goal of “remaking a Pauly” within five years: in 2012, the company became the second housing company with over 100 billion sales performance: in 2014, the company entered Australia, the United Kingdom and the United States of America: between 2005 and 2010, the company moved into multiple areas of old age, education, and essentially completed the layout of the industrial chain up and down.
Strategic upgrading, development reform (2016-present): In 2016, a “one-wing” development strategy was proposed: in 2018, the company changed its name to the “Paulish Development Holdings Group”; in 2019, the industry was listed; in 2020, the sales volume of the company was over 500 billion; in 2021, the short term of the securities was changed from the real estate to the development of the estate.
Figure 1: Corporate development from Guangzhou to the whole country, through four major stages of development 1.2 Equity structure: holdings, equity stability. As of mid-2024, corporate ownership was reported as the China Poly Group Limited, affiliated with the State Treasury Committee of the State Council, with a combined share of 40.71 per cent.
As a listed real-estate company with a large central enterprise, China’s Pauly Group, a credit-rich real-estate firm is the brand symbol of the company’s leadership. In particular, in the current period of re-engineering of the credit system in the real-estate sector, strong brand credit has further increased market trust and recognition of the company, giving the company a stronger comparative advantage in market competition.
Figure 2: Realized ownership by China ' s Pauly Group Ltd., affiliated with the State Treasury Committee of the State Council, Figure 3: Holdings have not changed much over the years and the equity structure has been stable
1.3 Composition of business: based on real-estate investment, based on good living services and industrial financial services, as compared to 93.0%. Companies use real-estate investment as their starting point to integrate effectively buildings, properties, agents, assets, etc. in the industry's ecology.
2. Strategy and management: forward-looking strategic planning guides the direction of the company, sound business management and escort company development strategy 2.1: forward-looking strategic planning and excellence in business support companies through the cycle
The company has a forward-looking strategic planning capacity and an excellent ability to adjust its operations. The company has firmly grasped China’s urbanization process and opportunities for industrial development.
Companies can adapt their business strategies in a timely manner to industry-specific circumstances, and ensure that strategic planning is carried out smoothly. The right strategic direction combines excellence, enabling companies to move through multiple cycles and achieve long-term sustainable development.
Since 2002, the strategic direction of the company has undergone three major changes: Strategy. In 2002, the commodity housing market was still in its early stages of development, with rapid growth in the sale of goods as the urbanization process accelerated and the national economy grew rapidly. In this context, the company began to nationalize the company, focusing on development in the core cities of Guangzhou, Beijing, Shanghai, and other developments.
By 2009, companies were able to sign housing contracts amounting to $43,382 million, making them the only leading real estate firms in the country with the top three sales rankings in the three central cities of Beijing, Shanghai, and Guangzhou. In 2009, the real-estate market grew faster, including real-estate turnover and turnover, thanks to loose monetary policy and huge rigid demand.
In this context, companies have judged that real-estate investment in 2010 has continued to play a significant role in the economy, that macroeconomic recovery has been rapid, that urbanization has accelerated, that inflation is expected, that land supply has been increased, and that the share of secure housing has increased. The company’s timely upgrading strategy has led to the upgrading of major urban centres into provincial capitals and central cities.
By 2012, the company had become the second company to sell hundreds of millions of dollars, and by 2015 it had increased its sales to $154.1 billion.
2016-present: In 2016, the company proposed a strategic layout for “one main two-wing”: in the 13th Plan, the company optimized the “one-wing” strategy in response to the new characteristics of the industry. In 2016, real estate market sales were re-innovated, but the application of a large number of administrative tools would make the real estate market more uncertain under the twin policy demands of “home-free” and “three-way-to-stock” policies.
Intense controls and changes in industry finance are likely to lead to a shift in the future production and business model of the industry, at a time when the advantages of having diversified and integrated development capabilities and robust firms will become more prominent and responsive to new changes in the industry. So the company’s timely upgrading strategy has led to a “one-key two-wing” business layout, based on real estate finance and community consumption, that will gradually build a diversified pattern of profit growth.
Table 1: Since 2002, the strategic direction of the company has undergone three major changes.
In 2008, the financial crisis led the global economy to a recessionary cycle, with a sharp contraction in the country’s real-estate turnover. But companies are actively faced with market changes.
Flexible and effective measures to break through have still achieved a marked better business performance than the market. In the industry’s lows, firms have judged that, with the impact of increased fixed-asset investment, strong stimulus to consumption and loose monetary policy in the country, real estate markets will no longer fall rapidly and sharply in 2009, and the turnover will be relatively stable, with the market likely to be relatively balanced.
Development opportunities for the whole period are becoming a challenge as an opportunity. (2) In 2014, the overall size of the real estate market showed a high decline, with prices falling on a par. However, in the face of market decline, companies have been active and aggressive in sculpting the market, still achieving a reverse growth in sales performance.
The year will continue to focus on development as a theme to achieve steady and healthy business growth. 3) In 2021, sales markets, although stable overall, grew at a low pace over the years, and real estate sales increased. As mortgages slowed down, sales funds were tightened, the weak balance of corporate capital was broken, there was a high incidence of house-to-house thunderstorms, a heightened sense of home-buyers watching, and sales markets increased in the second half of the year.
At the time of the industry’s fall, the company judged that, in the short term, a part of the housing crisis in 2022 was still at risk, that the industry credit system was in a period of re-engineering, that the process of restoring confidence among buyers was still unclear, and that market dynamism might take some time. So, in 2022, the company proposed to insist on cash flow management at its core, focusing money, continuously optimizing the asset-liability structure, and enhancing its resilience to risk.
In the market landscape, firms are still able to remain sober and, on many occasions, at the height of the industry. 1) In 2009, real-estate markets developed faster with loose monetary policies and huge rigid demand, with many indicators in place.
In the industry landscape, companies judge that the real-estate market will face a more complex market and policy environment in 2010 that does not exclude phased and localized fluctuations in the context of overall stability. So, in 2010, they propose to keep their minds clear, pay close attention to the economic situation and policy trends, and adjust the pace of operations in a timely manner.
In the industrial landscape, companies judge that the 2014 real estate market will continue to develop smoothly, but that the overall smooth development will be accompanied by the possibility of localized, phased fluctuations or inevitable.
In 2014, the focus will be on development, with economic efficiency at its centre, promoting business upgrading under the Quality, Innovation, and Management three-wheel drive. (2) In 2017, the market continued its high trend, with total sales in the real estate sector reaching an all-time high, and the stock stock stock in the real estate sector remained on a downward trend. At the same time, the real estate sector experienced the most demanding regulatory period in history, with a continuous build-up of traditional regulatory policies such as purchase-limits, loan-limits, price-limits, etc.
At the same time, the real-estate industry will face a persistent financial environment that places higher demands on the ability of firms to operate. So, in 2018, the company upgraded its “one-wing two-wing” development strategy further, proposing a three- to five-year rolling commercial development as the main business and owner.
Figure 8: Companies able to adapt their business strategies to the complex and changing macroeconomic situation and industry environment in a timely manner, taking advantage of opportunities and prejudging risks
2.2 Management: The innovative organizational structure and stable professional management team are the foundation of a company ' s strategic landing, a forward-looking strategic planning capacity and an exceptional ability to adjust its operations, without the company ' s evolving organizational structure and a stable professional management team. Since the establishment of the Division, the company has consistently maintained strategic leadership, continuously innovated the organizational structure, ensuring that the organizational structure is aligned with the strategic development needs of the company and has demonstrated great excellence.
At the same time, the management team has been stable for a long time, growing together with the company, better able to understand the rules of business development, and more consistent with long-termism, ensuring firm implementation of the corporate philosophy, strategic direction, and effective passage through the industry cycle. Given the changes in the organizational structure, companies have been able to adapt their organizational structure to the changing circumstances of the industry and strategic development needs, and to improve the efficiency of their operations.
After 2010, the company went through a number of important organizational adjustments, actively adapting to industry and companies: in 2010, the company established a “three-in-one, three-in-a-kind” strategy, proposing a systematic increase in commercial property in the central city of the country and insisting on a combination of business expansion and development efficiency. In 2011, the company added a business management centre and a cost management centre.
Together with the company ' s strategic objective of increasing commercial real estate and improving development efficiency, 2014: the company added an engineering management centre, an overseas ministry and a development institute to further align the company ' s development-oriented approach to business with an economic efficiency focus.
In 2016, the company set up a “one-wing” business development strategy, proposing a diversified model of profit growth. Subsequently, the Department added an asset management centre and an innovative business centre, aligning with the company’s strategic objective of developing two-wing operations.
2018: In 2017, the company proposed to optimize the “one-led two-wing” strategy, keep it up to date and gradually increase the contribution of the professional section to the company's overall income by increasing the size of the business of the specialized sector. In 2018, the company changed its name to “Paly Development Group Holdings, Inc.” and fully optimized its organizational structure. The Strategic Investment Development Centre and the Enterprise Management Centre were established at Headquarters.
Responsible for strategic controls and integrated management of the whole business block to better match the company ' s strategic upgrades. 2021: In 2020, companies introduced market liquidity or tightened margins, further intensifying liquidity pressures in the real estate sector.
During the year, the company took the initiative to optimize its organizational structure, streamline its structure at the headquarters level, and strengthen its leadership and enabling role. To better adapt to changing market conditions, the company established a risk management centre at the headquarters level to enhance its risk management capacity: a property management centre was established to upgrade the quality of products and cost control of real estate operations; and an industrial management centre was established to strengthen the management of industrial integration and operations.
From the management team ' s perspective, the corporate management team has been stable for a long time, with successive management teams taking root for a long time, with a strong continuity of succession and a greater ability to take advantage of long-termism and ensure the efficiency of the company ' s strategy. Since its inception, the management team has been growing with the company, with a stable personnel structure, with a strong operational experience and managerial competence, and has been able to optimize its business strategy in a flexible manner in the light of the complex macroeconomic situation and the industry environment.
E.C.I.E.R.I.P.P.P. (600048.sh): The industry is strong, strengthening its “centres + urban clusters” deep-farming strategy.
The company’s former directors, Li Binhai and Song Guangjing, were drawn from the military brigade and, in the long run, integrated a unique military culture into modern corporate governance and established a system of decision-making with clear lines of authority and responsibility, science and flexibility, and built a dynamic and efficient management team. In 1998, the current chairman, Liu Ping joined Paulie, growing up with the company, and served as Director of the Audit Department of the Paulie Development Plan, Director of the General Manager’s Office.
Assistant Managing Director, Secretary of the Board of Directors, Deputy Managing Director of the Corporation, since 2016, took over as Chairman of the Corporation in 2021; during his term as Managing Director in 2016-2021, he led the company to cross-development from $21 billion to $51 billion in sales and to a new phase of the company's “one-man-two-wing” development strategy.
Table 2: Corporate management teams have remained stable for a long time, and successive management teams have been established for a long time, with a strong continuity of succession and a greater degree of long-termism
Tan Yan: Director General of Finance, deputy manager of the Finance Department of the Paoli South Group, chief economic officer of the department, secretary of the Pauri South Group, chairman of the South China Business Group, director of the state of Paolighan, director of the state of Paolí State, chief accountant of the company of Pauli Real Estate Development.
Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Company. Chairman of the Bureau of the Guangzhou Military Region, Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Polytechnics of the 31st session of the National Defence Section, Director of the Polytechnic Council, Director of the Paulie Chongqing, Chief of Staff of the Paulie State Order, Chief of Section, Director of the Communications Division of the Logistics Training Base of the Technical Bureau, Director of the Technical Bureau of the Guangzhou Military Region, Director of the Guangzhou Military Region, Hiro.
Director of Trade. (Report 2007) Director, Assistant Director-General, Deputy Minister, Paulie Real Estate Development, Guangzhou
Peng Beihong: Director General of Finance, who is also Chairman of Shen Yangbaoi.
Project Manager, Director of Financial Accounting, Director of Finance, Director of Finance, General Manager of Paulie Finance. (2009 Report) Director General of Finance: Zhang Xing, Zhou Dongli
General Manager: Chu Zhen, Liu Ping, Master of Business Administration, Senior Engineer. Zhu Zhen: Bachelor of Accounting, Economist. Entered China Social Security in 1992.
Zhang Xing: Deputy General Manager and Director of Finance.
General Accountant, Deputy General Manager, Deputy General Director, Paulie Finance Limited. Entered Paulie Estates in 1993.