New-energy car sales are growing rapidly, new-energy cars are growing rapidly, new-energy cars are growing rapidly, companies publish August sales data and sell 218,000 new-energy cars, a year-on-year increase.
Ninety-four per cent, or 11.5 million new energy vehicles sold cumulatively in January-August, an increase of 96 per cent in the same year; 20,000 fuel vehicles sold, an increase of 10 per cent in the same year; and 188,000 fuel vehicles sold cumulatively in January-August, an increase of 3.6 per cent in the same year.
In August, a major breakthrough was made in Biadei's sales, with a first breakthrough in 20,000 vehicles per month and the first in single-month sales in excess of fuel cars. Of this, 9795 vehicles per month were sold in pure power.
In pure electric power, a total of 4,487 new sales of ev360 using a completely new powered e platform are expected to increase as output is released; e5, 4003, with 947 more rings.
Number four for pure electric vehicles: other pure electric vehicles, new energy, Qinev, Songev, e6 are largely stable. In the area of mixing, there are 5042 Dom, 4091 Qin Dm, and Song Dm.
1916, with the first, second, and fifth of the combined vehicle sales. During this month ' s rollover, Biadi issued a medium-term change in the model of Songdm, which uses a similar look like Songmax in the front of the dragonface, and is even more fashionable, with the likely negative sales of Songdm in August.
The new item is about to be released, giving intelligent cars more control, allowing developers to take advantage of their wisdom to continue their innovative functions.
Turns into a mobile smart terminal on the Internet. New cars are about to open for sales of dm and v versions. Signal intelligence has become one of the directions of Biadi’s efforts. Battery technology has kept pace with industry.
The traditional advantage of Biadi battery technology is that the phosphate lithium product does not have a suitable energy density, which is required by the development of the car industry: three-dollar lithium batteries have been developed in recent years, and the current indicator of double individual energy is required.
To 217wh/kg, Tesla's new battery core has a energy density of 300wh/kg. Although there is a large gap between the Yadi battery technology and Tesla, it is still in the country's first echelon. Battery prices have now been detected at $1.1-1.2/wh, with a further 15% projected for 2020.
The cost of an electric vehicle battery is about $100,000, and batteries will remain the main cost of a new energy vehicle. For automobile companies, mastering battery technology will have a great advantage in cost control and stable supply. In addition, Biadi, in partnership with Chang An, has successfully outsourced power cells, and there will be future ones.
New-energy automobile sales have fallen short of expectations: power cell technology has not developed as expected.