Biyadi: New energy and cars continue to grow at a high rate, and performance is on track.
The company sold 18.8 million new energy vehicles in July, 10 per cent more around the ring, 18.5 million more fuel cars, 10 per cent less around, and in January-July, the cumulative sales for the year amounted to 26.18 vehicles, up from the same period last year
In July, the company sold more than 60% of its conventional fuel cars, maintaining higher sales, increasing the share of new energy cars. In the second half of the year, the company will accelerate the promotion of Qindm, Songdm,
Domdm, Yuanev, Donev, and others have a new energy dynasty series.
In addition, the new generation of Tang has been listed at the end of June, with a marked improvement in appearance and performance, and in the layout of high-end products in the company. It has also benefited from the continued upswing in the industry, which has had an increased impact on subsidies for high-scaling mileage vehicles in the second half of the year.
The company's mpv-type Songmax in fuel trucks is sold over 10,000, but as a result of the slowdown in industry's sales, the share of fuel is down. The whole new generation of Tang's fuel plates, equipped with 2.0t engines, provides 205 horses, and the interiors, using a large amount of leather material, are thought to be sold by the company in the second half of the year.
The central growth point is driving the recovery of the company’s marginal performance. Domestic car sales are slowing, and new energy cars are selling less than expected.
Wang Fenghua, a graduate student at the Chinese People’s University, is currently the Executive Director of the Institute of Associated Securities.
Xu Jia Lin, author of the securities advisory qualification or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels and points.
The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding, and the present report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes without any third party ' s approval or approval.