Performance dividends continue to grow steadily and valuation space is high \triangleright \triangleright
1. China’s performance forecast: Impairment affects performance release, \triangleright has implemented cash transfers 14 times since it was marketed in 2007, with accumulated cash dividends up to a high level
27,063 million yuan, with an average red rate of 49.17 per cent, firm performance, cash flow abundance, capital spread, low spending, high-scoring red base, and continued high-scoring value for corporate investment, which is expected to help companies estimate
Millions of tons, 5.3 per cent more than the same year, and 482.3 million tons of coal sales, 8 per cent more than the same year. On the price side, the combined sale price of merchandise coal in 2021 was $588 per ton, or 43.4 per cent more than the same. On the cost side, self-produced coal units cost $155.5 million per ton, or 20.9 per cent more than the same.
Total sales accounted for 83.4% of the total sales, so it is expected that the move up of the JCC’s price center will boost the company’s combined sales prices, thereby contributing to the release of its performance. The coal production potential is expected to be released.
\triangleright land renewal to obtain approval for the acquisition of grasslands; 600 hectares of open-air mines, 321 hectares of open-air mines in Bozhikhler, 289 hectares of open-air mining sites in Harusu, and pre-trial clearance for construction, company
Production links are good, and production is expected to continue in 2022. In addition, in 2021, the company obtained a licence to conduct a detailed survey of coal resources in the South of the Temple of New Street, and is currently preparing for a new street in the New Temple of New Street, where the potential for future coal production is expected to be released.
The profitability of electricity operations is expected to improve. In 2021, the company generated 16,645 billion kWh of electricity, \triangleright sold at a cost of $348/megawatt hours, an increase of 26.1% from the same year.
The National Development and Reform Commission issued a circular on further deepening of the market-based changes in the prices of coal-fired electricity on the Internet, expanding the range of market price fluctuations in coal-fired electricity from the current ups and downs of no more than 10 per cent and in principle no more than 15 per cent.
In principle, up and down do not exceed 20%. This will help the company’s power generation division to transfer the increase in coal combustion costs, and the profitability of the company’s electricity business is expected to improve in 2022.
The revenue from its operations was 2,699 million yuan, representing an increase of 0.9 per cent in the same year, representing an increase of 121.2 million tons, or 7.3 per cent, in shipping by shipping branch, and 20.5 per cent in shipping by a turnover of 1,121 billion tons of nautical miles, or 20.5 per cent in the same year. The revenue from shipping operations is now $981 million, or 369.4 per cent, compared with the increase in shipping prices.
The business as a whole remains stable. Acetylene is replenished and profits are significantly increased: in 2021, the company was announced to have accumulated 644.5 million tons of polyolefin products, a decrease of 8 per cent in the same year, of which 33.28 million tons of polyethylene were sold, a decrease of 6.8 per cent in the same year, a decrease in polypropylene.
In addition, given the high dividends of the company, we compare the power of the Yangtze with the power of the Yangtze, and since the Yangtze electricity market, the rate of cash dividends has remained at over 50 per cent, the rate of cash dividends in 2016-2020 was 60 per cent-70 per cent, the rate of dividends reached 9 per cent-10 per cent, and based on the higher rates of dividends, we believe that China should receive more than coal.
Maintains the `recommended' rating. \triangleright's methodological and analytical logic leads to conclusions, produces the report independently and objectively and is responsible for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.