High profits, high dividends, and a growing profit center are expected to continue to rise: on March 25, China’s Shunhua annual report for 2021 was released. China’s Shunhua year-round 2021 (601088)
Net profit after gain or loss is 50.36 billion yuan, a 31.1 per cent increase over the same period; cash flows from operating activities Coal plates: higher volume-led performance, and the coal price hub is expected to continue to rise. In 2021, carbon sales were 482 million tons (yoy+8 per cent), with a planned completion rate of 101.3 per cent; and the coal market was in high demand.
This led to higher prices, with the company selling an average of 588 yuan per ton of coal, or 43.4 per cent more than in the same year, of which the annual price of the association was 456 yuan per ton (yoy+20 per cent); the monthly price of the association was 765 yuan per ton (yoy+43 per cent).
The increase has resulted in a rapid increase in revenue, with 292.6 billion yuan in coal block revenues for the year as a whole, an increase of 54 per cent over the same year.According to the higher cost of calculating security costs and the higher cost of labour, the cost of producing own coal units was $155.5 per ton, an increase of 20.9 per cent over the same period.
The company's coal plate operating costs ranged from $212 billion to 50.8 per cent, an increase of 27.6 per cent, an increase of 1.6 pct, contributing to the company's contribution to an increase in electricity consumption across the society, and the demand for coal is expected to continue while the supply side is inelastic.
Coal prices continue to rise, and corporate coal and carbon plate performance is expected to continue to rise. The power plate: the number of hours of power generation rises, the cost of coal combustion rises, and accelerated reform of electricity marketization is expected.
The company achieved 16,645 million kilowatt hours of electricity generation in 2021, representing an increase of 7.9 per cent in the same year, with a weighted average price of 348 yuan/megawatt hours, an increase of 29.6 per cent in the same year, owing to the cost of raw materials due to the increase in the price of coal-fired purchases and the volume of electricity sold.
Higher operating costs, 55.3 per cent higher than last year, amounting to 59,173 million yuan, 83.8 per cent of the total surface of the power plate, expected to be accompanied by a further increase in coal-fired electricity generation and a 20 per cent market-trading price hike, with company prices expected to rise and, to a certain extent, to cool coal.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
Transport and Coalification: Dry Port plates continue to provide the advantage of integration. During the reporting period, companies were fully involved in the objective of securing supplies, using synergies in the industrial chain and maximizing the release of energy.
The sum of 261.4 million tonnes of coal (yoy+4.9%) in the port of Xia Tianjin is the highest in history; the shipping turnover is 11.21 billion tonnes of sea (yoy+5%) and the coal-chemical products (polyethylene + polypropene) are subject to installation repairs.
Roads, ports, shipping, coal-chemicals have achieved operating income of 406.99, 64.4, 61.95, higher than expected percentage distributions, and stronger cash cow properties. In 2021, the company continued to implement a high-salaried bonus measure, with a proposed cash/equity of $2.54 (including taxes) in dividends, and a combined gold-equity contract was discovered.
According to the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS), 97.8 per cent of the annual profits attributable to the owner of the company were recorded in 2022, with a projected capital expenditure of only 12.54 per cent of interest-bearing liabilities and an asset-liability rate of 26.58 per cent (almost below industry parity) in 2022, compared with the projected capital expenditure of billions of yuan in 2022.
The more the cash cow properties become, the more profitable the industry, the higher the cash, the higher the dividends, the higher the energy inflation of the \triangleright, the coal price center is expected to rise continuously in the coming years.
It is also expected to improve year by year, and China's Historic franchise attributes give high certainty to business performance, and integrated operations allow the synergizing plates to release sufficient upward elasticity to maintain “buy risk factors: uncertainty about the macroeconomic situation affected by the epidemic; geopolitical factors influence
Global economy; uncertainty in the policies of coal- and electricity-related industries; safety of production in coal mines; expert member of the operational audit committee, member of the China Geological Minerals Economics Society, member of the China International Engineering Advisory Corporation ' s pool of experts, former Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Office of the Chinese Coal Industry Association (which chaired the work), research consultancy in coal- and energy-related fields for more than 10 years and chaired the “XIII”
In June 2016, the U.S. Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre was responsible for research on the coal industry. From 2019 to the present, it was responsible for research on large energy panels. Zhou Jie, Master of Mining Engineering, Master of Business and Industry Management, People's University of China, joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Programme in May 2017.
The component is not relevant, is not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter, “Sindard Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment advice granted by the CSRC. This report is produced and published by the Sindha Securities Corporation.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.