q4 q4 or delayed by cost & impairment, and the JAG ' s contribution to good performance released China ' s Shunhua (601088.sh) Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance)
q4 performed less than expected during the single season, mainly due to the increase in coal and electricity costs and the impact of impairment losses, as well as reduced investment returns, based on performance forecasts.
In the context of the benchmark price increases, the company’s coal price hub is or will be moving up, promising to continue to be highly profitable, with stable high dividends and dividends highlighting the value of long-term investments, and looking forward to recovery from the flagship valuation. Maintain the “buy-in” rating.
Production and sales grew year-on-year, and q4 production increased. Cumulative coal production/distribution increased by 5.3 per cent per cent per year in 2021, compared with 307,482.3 million tons in 2021; of these, 83 million tons per quarter were produced in q4, ring-on-year growth, coal ring-on-bill increases, and out-coal sales may have declined. Coal prices increased year-on-year, and q4 continued ring-on increases.
According to cctd data, in 2021, the annual price of the q5,500 power coal agreement averaged $648 per tonne, an increase of 19 per cent in the same year, which was the highest in the historical year; of this, the average price of q4 was $744 per tonne, an increase of 12.3 per cent in the ring, and despite the high fall in the price limit on the port ' s spot coal, the price of the agreement was relatively robust in cost terms.
On the other hand, the cost of self-produced coal has increased by, or has affected, tons of coal.
22.3 per cent of the fire load increased in 2021, with a marked increase in the number of hours used; the ring ratio fell by 5.6 per cent when q4 sold 41 billion kilowatts, taking into account that the price of q4 coal was still rising and the cost of generating electricity was either on or on a continuous basis. Transport operations: turnover increased on a year-on-year basis. Railway turnover reached 303.4 billion tons, an increase of 6.2 per cent over the year.
At the same time, port loads and shipping turnover have increased by the same amount. Q3 performance rating - q3 performance stabilization benchmark release, with high dividends highlighting investment value
In December 2021, the Board increased the annual price of the ARC benchmark to $700, which is still at a relatively high level of $725 compared to the 535 base that had been implemented for a long time, and continued to benefit the company’s performance.
The company’s spot-point assessment report – performance has increased significantly the same year, the dividends rate remains attractive and the long-term investment value of the vanguard highlights.