Chinese taupe (601601: gdr boots dropped down, transitioned deep and jumped to the bottom of the game, Chinese taupe.
The company was founded on May 13, 1991 as the China Pacific “two-step” transition to a new age of value. The company converted to a insurance group based on a “big insurance company” of 1.0.
Strategy, a timely adjustment of the channel structure to provide a solid foundation for the transformation of 2.0. Transformation 2.0 focuses on the optimization of business The company, with its headquarters in Shanghai, is the leading “a+h” structure in the country, pushing the focus of business towards higher prices through downscaling the door, evaluating the value of scale and focusing on initiatives.
The company’s focus is on the insurance owner, which is constantly enriching its operations around the chain of insurance owners, and the value-guaranteed insurance scheme, which promotes a steady upturn in nbvm. At the same time, the company deepens its “customer-centred” approach.
A system of services for life, maternity, old-age and health has been put in place, focusing on differentiated and refined services, and building an extended value chain based on the Ecclesiastical Circle.
Moreover, value transformation cannot be achieved without the empowerment of the proxies, which focus on improving the proximate capacity and core of the agents, guided by the strategy of “Big core manpower, top business plates, client focus on excellence, build new generation teams”.
Promoting the implementation of customer demand-oriented strategic shifts Agent retention rate, 2019, when company growth was temporarily blocked, agent transitioned into active time, model, “client demand-driven” values and methods
The theory has been internalized into a company’s life gene; a focus on value enhancement, a team Quality Uplift, supports the successful implementation of a corporate value transformation. Long: Life insurance seeks high-quality new business value addition.
Production insurance has diversified, and agricultural insurance has become an emerging growth pole. The traditional pillar of insurance policy continues to be under pressure, with long periods of low vehicle sales, long wheels of commercial fares, production insurance, and asset management, leading to a confluence of industrial shocks and tight regulation.
In many non-car businesses, companies have been active in the area of agricultural insurance since the introduction of ANTI, and the increase in agricultural insurance premiums has been sustained for nearly four years.
Over 40% have become the second largest type of business after car insurance, a well-deserved new growth in the area of insurance. We believe that, with increasing commercialization, agricultural insurance costs are expected to rise to new levels, and synergies with other types of insurance will continue to grow, and farmers are expected to grow in the future.
The risk will be an important profit contribution point for the EPP. The total equity/currenta share (in millions) will insist on a value investment and seek new opportunities in a low-interest-rate environment.
Longer-term more stable return on investment based on a sustained increase in the scale of production, mainly due to firm-to-business fixed-income investment ratios (the only fixed-income ratio over the long term)
In recent years, under the influence of long-end interest rates, companies have moved on their own initiative to reduce the ratio of bond allocation and have shifted the focus of investment towards long-term unvalued investments and equity assets of high credit ratings in order to offset the risk of asset repositioning. It is expected that with the implementation of ifrs9, the EPS will be more inclined to increase matching.
High-scoring, low-priced equity assets, while further reducing net profit volatility while achieving a public epidemic, will be fast-paced by the need to preserve the financial and technological enablers of the business chain. During the 2.0 phase of the transition, companies will apply gold and blend technology to sales support, settlement and insurance throughout their business processes in an effort to optimize client experience.
Many breakthroughs have been made. During the epidemic, agents work below the line, channels move forward and settlements, and back-end operations, such as insurance, have been significantly affected. The company has made rapid adjustments, relying on the online uplink service chain, such as the Doctor's Monthly Card and the Intellectual Claims Control Platform, to protect its operations.
The outbreak caused companies to use big data platforms to build smart bodies such as build-up, training, exhibition and extension services to speed up the construction process, which will facilitate a full-scale re-entry of the main industry. The gdr release was completed, and “Little Air” was about to help to value the recovery.
In addition to the outbreak and the “double” market, the gdr issue has had some negative impact on the company’s valuation, leading to a long run of stock prices. We believe that, unlike the case of the bdr, which is now undervalued by the public sector, there is no risk-free arbitrage from the gdr issue price.
After the release of gdr, the price of the company’s stock will either be stunned or exhausted, as the impact of the epidemic on the financial boom in the East is gradually diminishing, and the company’s share price is expected to quickly return to the upper route.
Profit predictions and investment proposals: The outbreak of the new crowning black swans at the beginning of the year has had a significant negative impact on value creation, but transformation 2.0 is about to enter the active period, and business structures are optimized, agent quality is upgraded, and the premium income retaliatory rebounds after the outbreak have passed, or will occur, are all associated with the future profitability of the company and the valuation of the company.
To provide strong support for the long-term trends of the short term, we are firmly committed to the future of the company. Between 2020 and 2022, the net profit from China's protective mother is 29.559 billion yuan and 35.714 billion Chinese taser (601601); gdr boots are on the ground, and the transition is on its way.
China Taibo (601601): gdr boots landed, transitioned deep to the bottom of the swing, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
In 1991, the formation of the Pacific Insurance Corporation opened the way to the growth of the Group for nearly 30 years. In 2001, Pacific Insurance was transformed into China's Pacific Ocean Insurance Company Limited, with a separate life insurance policy and insurance policy. Five years later, the Group became fully integrated.
As a core component of the group ' s operations, insurance operations have gradually recovered and returned to high levels in recent years after a small decline in the previous period, reaching 90.84 per cent in 2018 and 90.15 per cent in 2019 respectively.
The trend towards dynamic growth has led to long-term growth in corporate operations, which in 2019 had generated revenues of 38,544,889 million yuan. Figure 1: China’s TPS composition (2012a-2019a, million yuan, per cent) benefited from an increase in the share of the capital market before heating and handling fees and commissions taxes, and in 2019, total investment returns increased by 31.1 per cent compared to the previous 31.1 per cent.
Together, the group’s net return profit increased by 54%. Overall, life insurance continued to be a major contributor to the group’s profits.
Figure 2: Composition and acceleration of net profits (2011a - 2019a, million yuan, per cent) of China ' s core business portfolio has long held a stable and high share of the market. According to the data on insurance operations in 2019 disclosed by the Silver Insurance Supervisory Board, it is estimated that there is a significant increase in the share of China ' s core business.
In 2019, it accounted for 6.86% of our personal insurance market, a decline of 0.57 percentage points over the same period; during the same period, it reached 11.42%, a rise of 0.48 percentage points over the same period. We found that the market occupancy rate of the insurance policy had fluctuated only 3.4 percentage points over the past nine years.
The risk also stands at 2.7 percentage points, showing that the market position of the Gestapo is hard to shake, regardless of the market environment and the changing patterns of competition.
2.1 Transformation 1.0: After waiting, the first step of group transformation was a remarkable success of the 2.1.1 “Big Risks” strategy. Ten years ago, our life insurance industry was still in a period of rough development, and scale expansion was the main business objective of most risk firms and could build up rapidly.
However, the business structure of the insurance channel, which is dominated by saving-type life insurance, dilutes the overall value of the business while helping the insurance company to rapidly increase its size and hides the risks for the sustainability of its operations. In 2011, the Gestapo launched a transformation 1.0 scheme for the life insurance sector, based on a rigorous evaluation of the growth of the future insurance sector.
The strategic objective is to shift the focus of the channel from a silver insurance channel to an insurance agent channel, shifting the focus of the operation from a cash insurance channel to an insurance agent channel, where, in addition to the life insurance policy, the silver insurance channel was ahead of the agent channel in three other large listed life insurance companies, and the agent channel was only about 40%. And as the transformation of the 1.0 plan progressed, the insurance agent channel had a series of forward leaps.
Its share in the company's channels jumped from 45.94 per cent in 2011 to 91.84 per cent in 2019, an increase of 45.9 percentage points. Under the guidance of the “big risk” strategy in phase 1.0 of the transition, proxy channels have gradually become the absolute dominant channel for life insurance, which is the current life insurance business, figure 4: agent channel revenue and ratio (2011a-2019a, million yuan, per cent)
With the dramatic change in the channel structure, the business structure of the Pacific Life Insurance has changed. With the goal of “Focus Business” being directed to over 45% each year and for two years in 2016, it has been observed that the share of all new insurance operations under the new Pacific Life Insurance is consistently above 90%, reaching a peak of 96.08% in 2015, with long-term leadership. The rapid growth of the new insurance service continues to drive the Pacific Life Insurance Business Structure.
From the pre-existing silver bond, the share of the new bond to the total premium rose from 11.75 per cent in 2012 to 26.81 per cent in 2017, the source of financial prosperity in the East, which has seen a leap forward.
Based on the early deployment of the roll-out, the length of the renewal of the life insurance policy has expanded rapidly in recent years and has strongly supported the growth of the company ' s overall premium revenues. From 2015, stock operations accumulated during the previous period of intensive development began to be gradually released, with companies moving on to fast-growing paths, with growth rates of 29,02% and 34,22% in 2016 and 2017, respectively, with high levels of innovation, although the rate of growth has declined in the last two years.
At the same time, the share of continuing operations in the TPIP business structure has risen continuously, from 41.99 per cent in 2012 to 73.21 per cent in 2019, and has become the middle of the company ' s overall business income. With the strong support of the FP, income from 2015 to 2017 has shown a high growth trend, with a compound growth rate of 27.18 per cent during the period. After 2017, at a time when industry growth has generally declined,
The rate of increase in the insurance premiums for life insurance continues to be above the industry average. Figure 7: Revenues, rates and ratios for business renewals (2012a-2019a, millions of dollars, per cent) Figure 8: Comparison of income from the insurance industry (2011a-2019a, millions, per cent)
Overall, during phase 1.0 of the transition, the two-step strategic arrangement for the development and payment of the focus agent channel of the ESP reflects the firm ' s vision of a value transition in the context of industry-wide dynamic energy transformation, and provides a solid basis for the next transformation of 2.0. 2.2 Transition 2.0.
2.2.1 The rapid increase in the size of the premium up to 2017 in transition 1.0 benefits from a combination of external factors, in addition to the pull effect of its own renewal operations.
The rapid expansion could lead to a rapid rise in the company’s overall premium income; on the other hand, in recent years, the country’s ageing population has increased and the population’s capacity to consume has increased in general, creating a sense of security and insurance needs that together boost the company’s operations. However, in May 2017, the Board issued Note No. 134 on the rapid expansion of the life insurance industry.
Under the tone, life insurance companies have shifted the focus of their operations to safeguard-type risks, while the space for high-cash-value products and short-lived products that otherwise occupied most of the life-risk markets has been squeezed, putting pressure on the growth of the industry as a whole. At the same time, as the economy has grown at a slower pace of pressure, the population’s consumption capacity has slowed and demand for additional insurance has declined.
Inflated proximate depths and even over-exploitation of the client base have led to an earlier overdrafting of insurance requirements. The rapid expansion in the size of the industry’s premiums cannot be sustained by a combination of several factors.
The first year of a new business in 2019 continued to fall, but it fell narrowly in comparison with the year 2018: the rise in nbvm was halted by a small 0.4 per cent decline from 2018, but it remained historically high, with the combined effect of a 9.3 per cent decline in 2019 compared to 2019.
We believe that, as the impact of the epidemic disappears, with the transition of 2.0 to a sprinting period, the change in nbvm is expected to reverse and rise upwards, driving the corporate business value to grow further. The source of Eastern financial wisdom is the boom.
During the last two years, the share of traditional insurance in the new business has increased significantly, reaching 37% in 2018, a 12 percentage point increase; in 2019, the amount of traditional corporate insurance in the traditional year was 2.06 times the value of the same period, which was 3.22 times the value of the netvm split in 2019.
Greater stability and certainty in growth are the result of a combination of multiple factors. On the one hand, the rising share of high-value swaps is increasing.
The rapid growth of renewable operations has, to some extent, stagnated the scale of growth brought about by the weakening of the first year of the new business ' s annual contribution growth; on the other hand, the new insurance business structure ' s continuous improvement support company, nbvm, has stabilized at a higher level and has become a stabilizer of nbv, thus providing a sustained impetus for value growth, with the combined effect of the values inherent in the Pacific life insurance policy to achieve robust growth in the long term.
Figure 13: Comparison of values and rates of increase in the life insurance policy (2012a-2019a, millions of dollars, per cent)
In one year, the value of new business was about 50% in the long term. 54.81% in 2018, after 60.90% of life insurance, compared to three other listed companies, was higher than China ' s life insurance and Xinhua insurance: in 2019, the negative growth in the value of new business was overtaken by 9.62 percentage points, while the expected return on the underlying value continued to grow year after year, compared to the previous year.
In 2019, after 25,01% of the life insurance policy. Compared to the high volatility of the other shares, the overall trend in life insurance is more stable, and the drop in 2019 was significantly less than in the rest of the country.a
Stock listings reflect, to some extent, a relatively strong infusion capacity of the Gestapo during the slowdown in industry-wide business growth. Figure 16: Roev (2011a-2019a) 2.2.3 Value transition for listing insurance insurance insurance: exploring new dynamics for value growth
The direct reason for the continued increase in the value of too-sustainable life insurance is the transformation of the 2.0 strategic dominant value shift. The business structure is constantly shifting the focus of corporate operations towards high-value insurance. The total size of the 2015 life-sustains insurance premium is three times that of traditional insurance over the same period, while by 2019 the ratio of traditional insurance rose to 32.64%, an increase of 12.48 percentage points over four years.
The gap between the two was significantly reduced by 21.96 percentage points.
While the share of traditional insurance has been rising, the acceleration of the development of high-value insurance is another focus of the transition to the value of the insurance policy. In recent years, the share of company long-term health insurance in traditional insurance has risen from 33.56% in 2016 to 52.46% in 2019, and has risen to an all-time high, with a sudden increase.
It's a steady rise in value, laying a solid foundation for a sound future of profit.
The company’s long-term health risks are a key guarantee for its rapid growth in product competitiveness. In recent years, the health insurance policy of the Gestapo has undergone changes from “Kinyo” to “Kinno” and “Kingfu” and, while expanding the coverage of the disease, product prices have been falling and increasing their distinctive functions.
It is possible, and introduced, to double payments for specific life phases, i.e. specific childhood complications (15), severe childhood disabilities (10), and specific old-age complications (10), to further increase the attractiveness of the product by providing the insured with a full life-cycle guarantee. At the same time, “Goldlife” continues to promote the implementation of the “supplementary” marketing strategy through a continuous expansion.
This indicator is expected to maintain the growth momentum and become an important driving force in the shift to corporate business structures. Table 1: A comparison of health risks in recent years among the EPPs
Figure 19: All health insurance providers are heavily insured (2017a - 2019a, thousands of dollars, per cent)
The opening of the door was the first shot, and the Taibao did not officially open the door until early December, while its main opening of the door was at the lowest interest rate and the completion rate, reflecting the strategy of deflating the door to a balanced, high-quality development. Moreover, customer-focused service added value was another bright spot for the company. The most significant difference from previous years was that the opening of the door in 2020 was more marked than in previous years.
Focus on client hierarchy and differentiated services for clients at all levels. The company divides clients according to their average premium contribution between middle-end, high-end and top-level clients, and requires agents to provide targeted services to all levels of clients.
The new crown outbreak became the country’s largest black swan in 2020, and the ESP took advantage of its ability to respond quickly. First, it targeted clients who purchased health-care risk products and were diagnosed with new coronary pneumonia.