Reason for reporting: Periodic report
In March 31, 2020, companies achieved 24,863 million yuan in operating income, compared to +54.35 per cent, net return on their mothers.
The company is committed to becoming a top-class financial group with indigenous advantages and global influence, an internationally competitive financial institution with international value, influence, and systemic importance.
“aorta”, an institutional client with a “information”. Market data are consolidated between headquarters, branches and three institutions abroad: 31 March 2020 resources, creating a “one-Thai” platform service model, and increasing the depth and breadth of service clients.
The contribution of investment operations has increased considerably. In 2019, brokers, managers, investment banks, net interest income, highest/lowest interest income in the year: gdr issued, companies increased the allocation of investment-type operations.
Wealth management leads the industry. Stock-based transactions are still the first, and the share of the market in the balance of the securities business is the highest in the industry, accounting for 30% of the employees of the parent company.
In 2019, the career manager system came to the fore, opening a new market-based reform process. In recent years, multiple coupons have used the employee holding scheme to provide incentives to employees or senior managers.
The new chapter of the program is inspired by the coupon merchants. The company uses a “digital + platform” approach to create a technology-enabled wealth management and institutional dress \triangleright
28th floor of Trade Center, 69th West Street, Taiwon City City, 28th East Side Street, Beijing City, Central China, 7th floor of Interstate Center.
The present report is presented independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not received, nor will I receive, any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report.
The information available in the course of the profession and practice serves the self-interest of the individual or of another person.