Huatai Securities (601688): Reported in the first quarter of 2020, self-investment grew robustly, and intermediary-type business returned to full swing. 29/04/2020
(a) Events: The company released its first quarterly report in 2020, which generated operating income of $6.86 billion, an increase of 9.87 per cent over the same period;
In the first quarter of 2020, the securities sector achieved a revenue of 98.3 billion yuan, or 3.5 per cent, and a net profit of 38.9 billion yuan, or 11.7 per cent; the company achieved a return of +9.9 per cent to +68.6 billion yuan, and a return of +3.9 per cent to +2.89 billion yuan, which is well above the overall level of the industry and meets market expectations.
Against this background, the company continues to optimize its structure and is actively moving towards proactive management, with 2019 expecting a change in the management business towards a re-engineering of the business model, which is expected to support a robust growth in performance. 1) The company invests on a quarterly basis with a net income of between +54.0 million and $380 million, driven by the core of bond underwriting, with total debt underwriting at the same time as the ratio.
The Thai joint securities executives have changed their influence, and the investment model has been re-engineered and is still in a state of adaptation. The company's investment captures the opportunity of a science panel and a registration system, which has asked and received 27 projects, and we expect that in the future the company will continue to build a platform and body based on the advantage of the "Investment Genetic + Full Business Chain"
Merger capacity for investment transactions, accelerated reform of the business register, will also help companies to move into business development. 2) Corporate capital intermediation is well developed, with a market share of two-mixed business balances of billions at the end of 2019, mainly in terms of investment in other subsidiary claims and other assets at a reduced level and business risk.
Millions of shares are used to implement restrictive stock incentive schemes and, as of 29 April, the company had accumulated the confidence to buy back, enabling the company to create and develop long-term incentives. 2) As the Fund ' s license plates are in place and career managers ' reforms move forward, the build-up of equity incentive reforms will accelerate further.
Investment drives performance growth, buy-backs highlight the dynamism of corporate operations, and drives the process of transforming wealth management to its long-term development potential. 3) Corporate winds and confidence 2020-03-31
▪ Profit forecasting and investment ratings: The first quarter of 2020’s company’s investment returns drive firm performance to increase robustly, and the company’s performance is expected to increase in the first quarter of 2020.
3 Washington Securities (601688): Performance: Positive and positive growth in multiple operations, change in management ' s business model to re-engineer, expected follow-up support, robust performance, buy-backs to show corporate confidence, Fund investment in piloting to expand profit space and watch its long-term development
As expected, there's a securities investment advisory board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.