"Walter securities" (601688.sh) "Walter securities: retail mergers and acquisitions maintain a lead and self-employment drives performance growth."
At the end of the period, the total assets were 562.2 billion yuan, an increase of 52.49 per cent; the weighted average net assets return of 7.94 per cent, an increase of 2.62 percentage points.
In this way, three dollars (including taxes) in gold dividends are found for every 10 shares, and advanced platform services are superior, wealth management continues to take the lead.
On-line and off-line resources accelerate the development of wealth management operations. On-line and off-line resources accelerate client development and service effectiveness.
“aorta” provides a medium-level support for wealth management operations. Based on the advanced platform’s advantage of trading services, the company stock base is ranked first in the industry for the sixth consecutive year, with a total of 20,57 trillion yuan in corporate equity fund transactions in 2019. The total size of the customer account as at the end of 2019 amounted to $3.35 trillion, with a financing coupon balance of $67,125 million, an increase of the same amount.
Self-incurred investments are a trade-oriented, cross-border development of ficc operations. The company ' s own investment revenue in 2019 was $9.2 billion, an increase of 182 per cent over the same year, and it was the largest revenue-producing block in all operations.
With regard to equity investments, companies continue to move forward with the overall shift to a trade-oriented business model, constantly exploring diversified trading strategies, and actively developing innovative operations such as macro-typing, automated trading, while actively taking advantage of market opportunities for innovation.
In the case of ficc operations, the company continues to build a customer-driven and transaction-centred ficc business system, actively promotes business linkages and cooperation, pushing up the business system through a two-way drive of corporate customer services and the supply of financial products.
The macro-strategy of assets leads the market for self-investment performance. Commodity and foreign exchange operations actively promote business model research and trading system development, cross-border transactions make substantial progress, 2019 corporate bonds are ranked, mergers and acquisitions maintain advantages, and capital management is transformed positively.
The stockholding of 2019 Chinese securities is valued at $132,095 million, the third largest in the industry, and 19 firms are in the top position in the industry. The M & A Reorganization Financial Advisers business, based on maintaining a leading position in the industry, gathers a number of high value M & A restructuring projects, and 2019 companies have 14 M & As traders with a trading value of $12.865 billion.
Bonds are ranked first in the industry. They take full advantage of the full-size license, taking advantage of the full-powered business advantage of the bond union. They are actively building projects with a total of 2019 full-blown bonds with a total of $335,647 million, an increase of 64% from the previous year. Industry ranks seventh.
By the fourth quarter of 2019, the average monthly size of the management of private assets in Hua-Thai was $588 billion, the third largest industry, the average monthly size of private fund-raising and management assets was $252.2 billion, the third largest industry, $201.9 billion, a 42 per cent increase, and the second largest industry.
At the same time, the company intends to use its own funds to buy back shares of up to $2.615 billion, thereby enhancing investors’ confidence in the company’s undeveloped development and their recognition of the company’s value. We predict that in 2020-2021, the company’s operating income will be the sum of $2.615 billion.
Unexpected growth of offshore operations; risk of fluctuations in commission rates for brokering; risk of large market fluctuations; peripheral environment; Institute sales team, Xu Jialine
The author has the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes without any third party.