On January 18, 2023, the company's performance forecast for 2022 met expectations.
The company’s return on its investments is increasing on the same date as January 17, 2023, mainly because of the company’s 22q2 price increase in its main upstream materials.
As a result of the restructuring of product pricing mechanisms, the profitability of product lines has been better repaired; as new factories and new production lines enter the production phase, the size of the company ' s battery output has grown rapidly, with revenues increasing by about 110% over the same period. After excluding equity incentive costs, the main industry profits have increased by 130-150% over the same period.
Battery lines are multiple layouts, with the world’s mobile storage market ranking rising. The company is now building a large soft three-pack, square lithium, square three-triple line, expanding its capacity continuously, working with international front-line companies such as Daimler, Bo-Ma, and leading the country’s 46-cylinder battery layout, 2023.
In January-November 2022, the global power cell load of 446gwh was 74.7% higher than in November 2022, of which one hundred and twenty-one hundred million latitude lithium power cell loads were 5.9gwh, representing an increase of 11.3%, and the top ten, with the city having a 1.3% increase of 0.2pt.
142.7gwh, which grew by 204.3 per cent in the same year, was ranked third in the billion-latitude city of lithium energy, with more than 10 gwh, and the company sj01bms project was certified in late 2022 through the aspicecl2 certification, signalling that the company's bms are capable of developing international leadership and are conducive to the expansion of overseas operations.
Upstream supply chain layouts will gradually be reflected in value. Companies will actively deploy positive, negative, membrane, diaphragm, electricity through joint ventures with upstream companies, including Devannami, Betelley, Huatsu Cobalt, Entje, Central Electric, New Zeus State, Kim Kullen, Kawan Energy, and the Humming Energy.
The discharge fluid and upstream material resources such as nickel, cobalt, lithium, etc., will be released gradually from 2023 onwards in a manner conducive to ensuring supply chain stability and reducing the impact of price volatility of raw materials.The demand for storage energy batteries is not as high as expected; market competition exacerbates the risk; and the risk of new capacity digestion;
Note: “Market index” for this rating system,a shares refer to a depth 300 index; the new three-board reference point is a three-board index. Investors are only fit to use studies with a risk level not higher than “middle- and low-risk” and “stable” investors are only fit to use a risk level not higher than “medium-risk”
“Positive” investors are only suitable for the use of “middle- and high-risk” studies, and “radical” investors are suitable for the use of the various categories of our Department who have their own qualifications or considerable professional competence in securities investment advice, as granted by the Chinese Securities Association, to produce this report independently and objectively, within the limits of their knowledge, in a diligent and professional manner. This report clearly and accurately reflects their research views and is not regulated by their respective business departments, issuers, listed companies, and funds.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report and have not used the publication.