Resource and Environmental Research Centre Polyurethane (PUR), Rapid Growth of Corporate Profit Basics of Companies (RMB)
On April 10, 2021, the company issued a quarterly report, in which it achieved business income of $31,312 million in one quarter, an increase of 12.86 per cent over the previous quarter, resulting in a net profit of $6,621 million to the mother, an increase of 380.82 per cent over the same period.
On the one hand, as a result of the conversion of the company ' s smoke station mdi device technology, the gradual release of 500,000 tons of production capacity, which has led to a continuous increase in sales of the company ' s polyurethane production during the quarter of the quarter of the year.
The sales of polyurethane products increased by 53.80 per cent on the same basis (4.91 per cent ring) and the overall collection and profitability increased significantly; on the other hand, the company ' s ethylene installation successfully drove in November 2020, and its performance began in the first quarter of this year, with the production of petrochemical products rising by 83.60 per cent on the same basis (24.24 per cent ring), driving the company ' s stone.
2. "The recovery of end demand and a significant increase in performance over expectations. " The low-cost expansion of polyurethane operations will allow companies to fully enjoy the dual advantages of cost and size.
3. " Polyurethane products rise in volume, companies continue to make profits from overseas epidemics and extreme weather events, overseas, especially U.S. plant production is significantly affected, industry supply is substantially frustrated, and the gradual recovery of the epidemic has led to a sustained rise in downstream demand and high supply and demand in the industry. "
4. The impact of the epidemic has gradually diminished, high R & D inputs have been laid out, and supply has been released through technology conversion, based on a consistent and sound market supply and demand structure.
Expanding the company’s market share, creating a double increase in prices and volumes. And the company is technologically expanding its production capacity, 5. Polyurethane plant overhauling, releasing control premiums, investing $284 million in total, significantly reducing the depreciation cost of the product, and accompanying the installation’s continuous start-up.
This led to a further reduction in the company ' s production costs; while the export of company products is expected to increase further owing to extreme weather and overhaul effects on overseas installations, adding to the gradual recovery of domestic and external epidemics, the demand for cold-chain transport, pig-sheling, and environmentally friendly plates will increase on the basis of pre-existing demand.
A step-by-step release, demand-driven products, and sufficient productive capacity of the company in the face of overall supply constraints in the industry will lead to a further increase in market occupancy, and companies will fully benefit from the double benefits of cost and size.
Corporate technological change to expand polyurethane production capacity, Ethylene project implementation, followed by a downside risk for Phuket, Ningpo polyurethane, product prices; new projects below expectations; risk of price fluctuations in raw materials Analysis of relevant report rating ratios in the market
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment