On May 12, 2021, Moodys' website, Moodybaya2 received Moodybaya2 rating.
• Mandarin Fitch bbb+, Puppet bbb, Mudibaa2 rating, the cost of overseas financing has fallen.
“bbb+” and looking forward to stability, that is, for a certain period of time, the credit position of Huanhua will correspond to the “bbb+” rating. On November 26, 2018, Puppe upgraded the rating of the Huanhua chemical issuer from “bbb-” to “bbb” and confirmed the rating in its review on April 21st, 2021.
On May 12, 2021, Moody confirmed the Wanda Chemical Issuer's “baa2” rating and expected to maintain stability in the future. This recognition reflects the fact that HMCO maintains good financial indicator controls while expanding its operations and improving product diversification.
The company is a global leader in the production of methyl diocyanate (mdi), an integrated low-cost producer with a higher profitability than its counterparts in the global industry. In 2020, the chemical industry was depressed, chemical prices weakened, and companies remained resilient, with revenues rising by 7.9% to 73.4 billion.
In addition, the size of the company’s operations and the diversification of its operations are growing. US Standard & Poor’s, Moody’s Investment Services, Fitch International Credit Ratings, Inc.
The three most internationally recognized credit rating agencies. The rating processes of the three major credit rating agencies for major issuers include, among other things, the following steps: first, a business evaluation following acceptance of a rating commission; and, second, a rating preparation and initial evaluation after formal entry into the rating business.
With rating; third, feedback and re-evaluation of results when credit rating results are determined; final issuance of rating results, including credit ratings and rating reports of target groups. In addition, follow-up action should be taken to follow up on rating exercises, such as tracking rating results that differ from existing ratings, and rating agencies should do so in a timely manner.
Notify the client or target. For the main rating, Moody will provide a follow-up rating and report within three months of the issuance of the rating and within six months of the official issuance of the rating report. The frequency and extent of the tracking of ratings by Standard & Poor's and Fitch will normally depend on the issuance of the rating.
Rating agencies usually charge service fees to the subject requesting the rating or to the subscriber receiving the rating or related credit report, taking measures to prevent potential conflicts of interest in the rating of payment requests by the issuer.
Companies are expected to be rated as contributing to a drop in the cost of overseas financing. A higher credit rating can provide investors with risk information, give markets a signal of good corporate credit, and effectively help companies with the Ningbomdi technology change project EG.
Access to finance at low cost. For example, in the case of three-year intermediate-term offshore debt, the main rating for bonds is 3.60% and 4.00%, respectively, for ba2 and ba2, and the reduction in credit ratings has led to the financing cost of 2.Cythylene synthesis entering the intermediate test phase and opening up.
With Moodybbb+ ratings, companies can increase their confidence in overseas markets, reduce the cost of financing abroad, and further open up international markets. The globalisation strategy will benefit.
By winning a high credit rating that is both objectively beneficial to the strategic layout of corporate globalization and consistent with the willingness of the world to expand overseas, rating agencies objectively reflect the recognition of the credibility and profitability of the international market and help to reduce corporate financing in the international market.
The company’s willingness to hire foreign credit rating agencies also reflects its willingness to expand overseas, and there is a possibility of continuing offshore investment. In the face of new market conditions and challenges, the company insists on both domestic and international investment.
The cycle is mutually reinforcing and fully participates in global competition. In addition, at the beginning of March, the Department of Industry and Industry of the Hulkwa Chemical Group became the newest member of the terrafilma distribution network, proving, from the point of view of market channels, the willingness of the city to further expand its overseas markets and accelerate the strategic deployment of globalization.
The risk of increased internal management difficulties due to the expansion of the company ' s human capacity: less than expected progress in project delivery; high volatility in product prices; large fluctuations in oil prices; the risk of installation force majeure; and the risk that the development of seedlings will progress less than expected.
Contact person: Xiang Xiangxiang, Master of Chemical Industries of the Chinese Academy of Sciences, and Bachelor of Chemical Sciences of Qinghua University. Law, using information of legal compliance, produces the present report independently and objectively. The data and information used in this report are based on publicly available information in the market. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of such information, nor do I guarantee that the information and recommendations contained therein will not change anything.
See for information only. I did not, do not and will not receive any recommendations or views directly or indirectly in the present report.