The price difference between mdi and construction materials or future flashpoints is expected to rebound. On June 18, the median price (including taxes) was $17350/ton for polymer mdi and $18,600/ton for pure mdi.
The price of mdi has slashed the cost of marginal production capacity cash, the traditional season is approaching, and it is unlikely that the price differential will rebound. The price of pure benzene has risen significantly since 2021, with the monthly average.
The company price increased from $4563 per ton in January to $7753 per ton in June, compared to 300 in depth, while the price of mdi fell after March, causing the price differential for polymer mdi to fall from $18250 per ton in March to June.
9555 yuan per ton, with a net mdi price difference of $20479 per ton in March and $11,747 per ton in June. Based on the average price estimates from June to date, the sum of 10,000 mdi gross gross ton and 2,500 gross ton net profit, respectively, is approximately 4,000 yuan per ton and 2,500 gross ton per ton per ton.
Rendering was about $3,800 per ton and 2300 per ton, respectively. 1) Cash costs continued to fall in the traditional season of the coming three quarters due to the sharp increase in the price of benzene or benzidine in the highest share of mdi.
2) In terms of stocks, the national inventory of polymermdi is 910,000 tons, which is at the lower level of water level in the same period of history; pure mdi social stock is at the higher level in the same period of history. 3) Finally, the cost of raw materials for black commodities (steel, aluminium, copper, etc.) in downstream refrigerators is very high
High (more than 60%) and a sharp increase in the second quarter have also discouraged downstream demand. With black commodities, we believe that the price differential for mdi is unlikely to continue down in the background of higher raw materials prices, lower mdi prices, and compressed profit margins in the industry.
History is lower than pure mdi history. Before the traditional mdi needs of the Golden 9 silver 10 come, polymer mdi prices are expected to rebound first.
2. Ningpomdi TAC. New 3.propyl ester synthesis into the mid-test phase, with graph 1 polymdi price curves
Figure 2 Changes in the monthly average price differentials for polymer mdi (M/T) Figure 3 Changes in the monthly average price differentials for pure mdi (M/T) Figure 4 Changes in inventory data for mdi
The future demand of mdi is focused on the area of building materials, where the proportion of carbon released is high, and the construction of green buildings is a trend towards carbon neutrality and in the context. According to China, billion tons of co_2, which accounts for 51.3% of the country’s carbon emissions, the total energy consumption of the construction process is 2,147 billion tons.
As the urbanization process accelerates, building energy consumption in the country will continue to increase, hinders carbon neutrality and the achievement of its objectives. According to the “13th Five-Year Plan for Building Energy Conservation and Green Building Development” published by the Ministry of Housing and Construction in 2017,
* The following documents were prepared for consideration by the Committee at its twenty-seventh session:
An increase of 20 per cent, with more than 50 per cent of the green space in new urban buildings, more than 500 million square metres of energy-saving improvements in existing buildings, 100 million square metres of energy-efficient improvements in public buildings, and more than 60 per cent of energy-efficient construction in existing residential buildings throughout the country.
In the meantime, building energy efficiency requirements will continue to increase in response to carbon neutrality. According to the latest release of the Action Programme for Green Building Creation, by 2022, 70% of new buildings in towns and cities had been built in that year.
By 2030, green buildings are expected to account for more than 90% of new construction. The proportion of green buildings is increasing and will be the mainstream of the industry in the future. Green buildings are defined as saving resources, protecting the environment, and reducing pollution throughout their life cycle.
It provides people with a healthy, suitable and efficient space to maximize the quality of buildings that are compatible with nature. It's mainly refrigeration and lighting. In order to reduce the energy consumption of refrigeration, it is necessary to increase construction.
Temperature efficiency. Twenty-six per cent of the heat lost from the building to the outside comes from the outer walls, and nine per cent comes from the roof, and this energy loss can be reduced by laying low heat-conductor panels. At present, we are building the main heat-keeping system, with less polyurethane in use abroad.
Polyurethane (PUR) has an excellent performance and is expected to become the mainstream of building heat protection. Polyurethane (PUR) has an extremely low heat transfer factor of 1/2 for polyurethane (PUR) in accordance with the PHP Group Criteria.
A reduction in the thickness of the material used and an increase in the stability of the thermal system. In the closed-hole structures of polyurethane hard bubbles of different types, the concentration rate is more than 90%, making them extremely waterproof, insulating.
Polyurethane (PUR) has reached the level of b1 combustion, which can be used for low- and medium-level construction under the current criteria. In accordance with the current National Standard for the Classification of Incendiary Performance of Building Materials and Products (gb8624-2012), construction materials can be graded in a level of four (non-combustion material) respectively.
Comprises granite, cement, glass, etc.), b1 (combustible materials, including fibrous gypsum, water plywood, fire protection plastics, etc.), b2 (combustible materials, including natural wood, ordinary plastic sheet, wallpaper, etc.), b3 (flammable materials, including tars, asphalt, cotton pine, etc.).
Building Polyurethane Hard Bubble Intensible Temperature Group Criteria, Polyurethane Physical Physics Incendiary Capacitation (PURP) requires a level B2 or higher and already has products that can reach a level of b1.
It can be used in empty residential buildings under 100 metres, in other empty buildings under 50 metres, and in all buildings under 24 metres. With green building policy, eligible new buildings and existing buildings are expected to use polyurethane-resistible materials, and better building festivals have been reached.
With the establishment of standards for the polyurethane plywood industry, increased fire protection performance and the high demand from green buildings for energy-saving maintenance in buildings, domestic plywood applications in the construction sector are expected to open again and become an important growth point in the polyurethane sector.
Production capacity and planning capacity will also be the biggest winners in the spread of PUR plywood plywood.
Table 5 Indicators of the physical performance of the pyrotechnic enhancement panels in the outer walls table 7 Risk of increased internal management difficulties due to the expansion of the company ' s human capacity: company core products
Risks of large-scale proliferation, such as technological breakthroughs or joint ventures: less than expected project delivery; high volatility in product prices; high volatility in oil prices; and the risk of installation force majeure. Contact: San Xiangxiang, M.A. in Chemicals, Chinese Academy of Sciences, B.A. in Chemicals, Qinghua University.
The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, will not be, and will not be the result of specific recommendations or recommendations in the present report.