Quarter 2021.
The volume of products has risen, leading to a significant increase in revenue and net profits. The business income of 2021q1 has risen considerably, and the company’s revenue and net profits have increased significantly.
Prices and sales of polyurethane series products have increased. Revenue from sales of polyurethane series products from 2021q1 Inc. The prices of major polyurethane series products have increased significantly compared to the same period last year, benefiting mainly from the increase in downstream demand and the shutdown of some of the mdi plants in the United States.
The price of petrochemical series products increased more than the price of the main raw materials. The demand of the 2021q1 company petrochemical series increased downstream. Prices of 2021q1 petrochemical products and major raw materials increased.
The ratio is +49.8 per cent, and the ratio is +22.9 per cent, while the ratio is +20.8 per cent, and the ratio is +28.1 per cent. For the main raw materials, the gross profit of the 2021q1 petrochemical series is expected to be higher.
Fine chemicals and new materials provide new incentives for companies to grow. 2021q1 achieves sales revenue of $3.017 billion, or +114.65 per cent, of the range of fine chemicals and new materials. The company invests a lot of research and development and marketing in fine chemicals and new materials.
The benefits of technology and market development have gradually been demonstrated; the Sichuan Maroon base has been successfully put into operation in late 2020, and the pre-Pbat Biodegradable polyester project and the battery materials project have been well advanced in their design and approval, which has played an important role in the company ' s new industry of chemical engineering.
The company ' s product set-up technology will improve the profitability of polyurethane series products; high oil prices will boost the price center of petrochemical series products and enhance the profitability of the company ' s light hydrocarbon crack project. The company is a global polyurethane dragon, with a clear competitive advantage, with a first prudential recommended rating.
The “market index” of this rating system is based on 300 indexes of depth. I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association to produce this report in a diligent and professional manner, independently and objectively and to the extent that I know it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the company’s relevant business sectors, issuers, listed companies, etc.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report.