It's quite obvious that there's a huge amount of chemistry.com.tw.
The Mdi is over-expected expansion and the city share is expected to increase further Events: the company Ningbomdi/hdi technology transfer integration project and 1.8 million tonnes/year technology adaptation project EVA, with total investment of 3,711 million, expected to be completed in 2023. 1.8 million tonnes/year of technology/mdi
The conversion project will expand the production of 600,000 tonnes; the mdi/hdi technology extension integration project will include the construction of new 280,000 tonnes/yearly modified mdi devices, 50,000 tonnes/yearhdi devices, 60,000 tonnes/year hdi compounds, 12 + 240,000 tonnes/year chlorinated hydrogen oxides, 240,000 tonnes/year formaldehyde units, acillary modifications to the gas-building units and related supporting works.
In addition, the “Efficient Green Asymmetric Cataloguing l-Mintol Technology” project, jointly completed by the University of Chemistry and Transport in Shanghai, was validated through the results of the China Petroleum and Chemical Industry Federation, a company that, as a global polyurethane tap, is constantly expanding its position as a solid leader, while at the same time actively developing petrochemicals.
The new materials industry has been growing at a constant pace, and future performance growth has been guaranteed, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. mdi has been significantly expanded, and company long-term performance has been assured: Nimba’s mdi capacity has increased from 1.2 million tons to 1.8 million tons since the completion of the technology conversion project, which is more than the 300,000 tons previously projected.
China also has 400,000 tons of mdi in Fujian, which is expected to have a competitive advantage in the mdi industry in 2023. The mdi price has recovered since the second half of the 20th century, and the price has recovered slightly since the late 21st season, but it has remained at high levels for almost three years, and it is now the summated mdi price.
Litres 16800/tonne, yoy+40%, pure mdi at R$ 20,000/t, yoy+54%. Corporate polyurethane plates are profitable and technical barriers are high; new production capacity is gradually released and will be further reduced to lower company mdi costs, providing a solid basis for the company’s continued development.
Breaking through the technical barriers, the i-mintol demonstration device was built: the company, in collaboration with Shanghai Transport University, seized the l-mintol production technology package, which is based on lemon ellipse, and built a 1,000-ton/year demonstration facility for industrialization, which opened up China's first river for the industrialization of synthetic mints.
The world’s fourth industry with core technologies in the production of mintol is widely used in such industries as nursing, food, medicine, and so on. The domestic import of l-mintol is long-term dependent on imports, and last year it was 15,652 tons, with imports exceeding $250 million, and there is much room for domestic substitution.
The whole industry chain layout, long-term value highlights: in addition to polyurethane, the company has been actively setting up the petrochemical and new material industries, enriching the product lines, and is now beginning to gradually release the production capacity, which has led to a significant increase in the benefits to the company.
The sales volume was 236,000 tonnes, yoy+84%, while the new material plate generated 3.02 billion yuan, yoy+115%, the sales volume was 16.45 million tonnes, yoy+76%. The three lines of operation of the company were developed in synergy, and petrochemical plates provided raw materials for new materials and polyurethane plates, further reducing costs and increasing industrial synergies.
It is expected to grow from a global polyurethane tap to an integrated chemical industry. Performance growth is guaranteed, with a “buy-in” rating maintained.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong), Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose.