Chinese taupe (601601.sh/2601.hk)
Three-quarterly reviews: reinforced asset allocation, China's Queen'sguard received $289.98 billion in the first three quarters of 2018, while yoy increased by 11.8 per cent, net gain of $12.7 billion, yoy increased by 16.4 per cent, and performance was largely in line with our expectations.
In terms of investment performance, firms have increased their allocation of solid-income assets, and overall performance in terms of investment returns has been robust. Given the company’s better growth, the current valuation is low, and the “buy-in” investment proposal is maintained.
Overall performance is in line with our expectations: China ' s 2018s third quarter saw $289.98 billion, yoy 11.8 per cent higher, net gain of $12.7 billion, yoy 16.4 per cent higher, performance is largely in line with our projected renewal premium, which is supported by faster premium growth: too much insurance is in line with premiums of $17.7 billion and yoy more.
14.2 per cent. The renewal premium rate increased by 34.3 per cent, recording $12.3 billion, with a better premium structure of 8.2 per cent for total premiums and an increase of 1.5 pct from the beginning of the year.
13.5 per cent increase, driven mainly by non-car insurance (30.8 per cent to $24.9 billion in the previous three quarters), product mix, increased allocation of solid receiving assets and marginal improvement in return for investment: total investment assets in the previous three quarters
With regard to investment, we have seen marginal changes compared to the first half of the year: companies have increased their allocation of solid-collected assets, adding credit investment plans, financial management products, bond-type funds. With regard to the rate of return, the net return on investment in the previous three quarters was 4.8 per cent and total investment.
Profit predictions and investment proposals: In the case of insurance coverage, we believe that strong regulation to encourage insurance under insurance will lead to an optimal competitive environment in the industry. In the case of insurance coverage, which is itself focused on long-term and guaranteed products, the competitive advantage will become more apparent and the future market will be expected to increase further.
The expected remuneration (expected return; er) is based on the following:
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. are not made by individual clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose.