Taibo, China (601601: 3-quarterly editions 2018, with a narrow new cut, a solid return on investment, and a research assistant, Ma Xiangyun.
▪ The return on investments is relatively robust, and the core of profit growth remains the replenishment of reserves: net annualization of companies in the first three quarters, total investment return of 4.8 per cent and 4.7 per cent, respectively, with better reporting (a robust level of 4.8 per cent was maintained in the first half of the year, but the profit statement “other combined gains” showed a loss of $360 million
The impact of the replenishment on the liquidation of the reserve is still ongoing (419 million yuan, 902 million yuan in 2017 and only 540 million yuan in 2018), and subsequent earnings are expected to continue to grow. The reduction in the premium for the new policy continues to narrow over the high base, and agent disillusionment is expected to continue: companies are expected to continue:
In the first three quarters, there was a decline of 15.4 to 39.5 billion yuan in new insurance premiums from the same period (the decline in the first half of the year continued to improve, and the difference in the structure of the policy is expected to lead to a more pronounced improvement in nbv. For the whole year, considering the dollar, after spending three quarters of the high base, four quarters of the year predicting changes in company premiums and nbv with a low base effect.
Good news is even more evident. This year, the company strengthened proxy control and carried out a man-power clean-up exercise. The total number of agents dropped to 839,000 at the end of June, compared to the beginning of the year. We expect that the man-power clean-up continues, that the total number of agents can continue to decline, and that the increase in per capita capacity is the central driver of future growth in personal operations.
▪ Low rate of increase in property insurance premiums, changes in vehicle insurance costs and tax issues are expected to affect profitability expectations: the company ' s property insurance premiums (including reinsurance operations) increased by $13.5 to $889.8 billion in the first three quarters of the year over the same period, with vehicle insurance, 8 to $64.04 billion in the same period, 30.8 per cent in non-car insurance operations, with a faster rate of increase reported across the line
There was a slowdown (expected to be affected by economic growth, low sales of new vehicles, and changes in the cost of insurance), while corporate property insurance was affected by tax factors after the first half of the year (a significant increase in income tax was caused by the excess cost of insurance marketing), while the combined cost of non-car insurance was reduced to 101.7 per cent, while the industry level
1. China Pacific: mid-2018: The impact on overall combined cost rates of the revised insurance premiums is still to be seen, disturbing the market ' s expectations of property nbv, and second-quarter premium benefits
In our view, as regulatory controls over the cost of insurance continue to be applied,2 China's China Pacific: 2017 annual reports are very tight, the future concentration of insurance will continue to rise, and the future prospects of leading companies will remain high.
Profit forecasting and investment rating: the company ' s new policy premium for life insurance continues to warm on a three-quarter high base.
And since the second quarter, there has been a marked rise in the sale of guaranteed products, still looking forward to the year-round realization of life insurance values, assessment-performance traps, value transitions, and robustness. But considering last year’s high nbv base and proxy disillusionment, we're still on the move.
3) The team of agents falls or is unable to produce as expected: 4) The combined cost of the risk of production is not as high as expected.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board