A new risk sheet continues to be repaired and non-car operations continue to increase.
On 26 October, the Chinese Pacific Guard released its performance report for the third quarter of 2018, and the first three quarters realized a revenue of 28,98.2 billion yuan, or +12 per cent, and a net profit of 12,72 billion yuan, or +16 per cent, from the mother. Net profits increased at a slower rate than expected by the market, with market fluctuations affecting the fair value of assets
The first three quarters saw a robust growth in corporate performance, with business income of the same year + 12%, net profit of the same year + 16%, with a larger net margin, with a fair value gain or gain of $1.83 billion in the previous three quarters, compared to $1.28 billion in the same period last year. The insurance channels were growing steadily, and the pace of growth of the new business was gradually recovering.
\triangleright's insurance channel maintained steady growth in the first three quarters, with premium revenues equal to +13.8 per cent, of which the generation compared the trend with depth of 300 per cent.
The increase in the vehicle insurance rate, which exceeded the 30 per cent increase in non-car operations by $88.980 billion in the first three quarters, compared with +13.5 per cent in the first three quarters, was 15.6 per cent.
In contrast, non-car operations continued to grow at a high rate of 30.8 per cent in the previous three quarters, continuing at a rate of more than 30 per cent. The return on investment was robust, with equity assets at a lower rate.
q3 group investment assets up to $18,368.8 million, compared with the previous year ' s +9.5 per cent. Of this, solid-asset assets accounted for a robust ratio of both corporate liabilities and assets, large-scale insurance premiums grew robustly, new single operations continued to be repaired at an increasing rate, risk-driven non-carriage operations and returns on asset-end investments continued to be projected.
2. China ' s Pacific (601601) roll-over high-growth drive Summary of data projections for corporate financial statements
Zhou Xiaoping, a mid-level economist and a Master of Economics from the University of Xian Transport, was a member of the Economic Research Institute and the Department of National Enterprise Strategy and Development, which was responsible for macroeconomic and industrial research. In 2015, he joined the Human Security Fund.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.