– Performance rating for the third quarter of 2025 – The Ningde era (stock code: 300,750)
190gwh, with a 20% increase in the ring, the main factor is the steady growth of the power and the storage of the higher-than-expected surge-driven demand, the continued upswing and the climate is the first response to the peak performance.
The stock ratio is about 8:2 structurally stable, the domestic and foreign ratio is about 7:3 and the actual collection of about 165gwh is mainly due to the recognition cycle.
A new cycle of expansion has been launched. Twenty-five years and so far, the capacity utilization rate has continued to rise to its current full capacity, companies have started to expand production on the basis of certainty about the growth of demand for future dynamic storage, and Jinning will add more than 100 gwh the latest 587ah storage capacity by the end of the 25th century, Hungary will land in the first phase, and the Spanish plant will be ready for construction.
With 1 twh+, firms are expected to grow at the same pace or even at a higher rate than industry as production capacity progresses. Promising profits are robust, and expected to improve. Accounting policies affect the same decline in the Māori ratio; exchange gains and losses have less impact under effective hedging; and impairment increases are mainly reflected in a reasonable increase in stock growth with scale.
The net gain on the consolidated sheet is nearly 0.1 yuan, which is almost even. With a rising share of products like thorium, the storage system is growing, and the company’s profitability is expected to improve.
Age (300,750.sz): Profitability increases, overseas growth gains bright spots 2.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete the appropriate matching of investors, and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service, and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.