Sign strategic cooperation agreements with the Gas Group, the Leisure intellectuals, and the Downwards (300,750.sz) with the Rivers Group, the Leisure intellectuals, and the Downstream multiple scenes.
In recent times, companies have signed strategic cooperation agreements with the Gangs Group, the E-Governance Unit. The company will work in depth with the E-Governance Group on technology, supply, and access to the sea, as well as with the E-Governance Unit on an electric no-man ' s-mine scene. The company is the global lithium tap, the release of new energy vehicles downstream, electric re-cards, storage energy, etc.
On October 25, the Ninder era signed a strategic cooperation agreement with the GMG. The Ningde era will be all-embracing.
They provide long-term, high-quality power cell packages: a full range of collaborations will be undertaken in key areas such as overfilling, dual-nuclear, battery longevity, ciic integrated smart chassis, electrical switching ecology, and battery data applications to ensure that new technologies can be rapidly applied to mass production vehicles; and joint efforts will be made to build new energy models adapted to global market needs.
On October 24, the Ningde era held a signing ceremony for strategic cooperation with the Ningde era, which marked the beginning of the process of technology validation in the past, with the construction of the Al Qaeda mine moving into a rapid process of scale and industrialization.
Do. On the basis of easy-to-control operational data on over 20 mines, the two sides will jointly develop the next generation of specialized batteries equipped with extreme conditions such as cold, high altitude, etc.
Full, efficient and replicable open-air mines unmanned transport model works, gradually extended to new mining areas; and, upon completion of country-specific refinements - company information update reports, together contribute to the completion of the integrated “new energy + unmanned” solution
Ball, participate in the construction of international standards for green mines.