In terms of costs, the company sold/managed/R & D in q3 in 2025.
The increase was due to an increase in sales in the q3 quarter. The cash flow was sufficient, with a net operating cash flow of 80.660 billion in q1-q3 in 2025, an increase of 19.6 per cent over the same period. With respect to profits, the company ' s profitability continued to change and demand was strong, and the power of the commercial car was significant.
In demand-side markets, there is a steady growth in the use of vehicles, and in the commercial sector, there is a sharp increase, mainly as a result of the arrival of commercial car electricized economics and improved infrastructure. In addition, the company’s new products, such as kryptonium, thorium, and remote batteries, account for an increase in the number of new products.
In sodium batteries, because of their low cost, fast chargers, etc., they are currently being piloted in commercial cars.
In addition, the company’s production matrix is rich, new products are constantly being introduced, and the advantages of products such as fast charging, long life, high safety, etc., are evident.
Innovative battery products, such as batteries, autoclaves, and remote dual-nuclear batteries, will further increase the company’s leadership. Yuan, 24 times more than pe, 21 times more than pe, 17 times more than the company’s overseas production capacity.
1. The Ningde era (300,750): Increased profitability, market presence in Hong Kong and the strategic layout of accelerated globalization risk: price volatility of raw materials and supply risk.
2. Ningde era (300,750): stable profitability, accelerated capacity-building for offshore production (2025-04-29) Scenario 3: stable profitability of dynamic storage products, with net profit per unit at 0.1 yuan/wh level; operating income from other operations
No compensation of any kind has been obtained either directly or indirectly as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.