The three-quarterly review of the Ninde era (300,750.sz) and the three-quarters of 2025 showed strong profit-making performance in motor batteries, accelerated growth in the global pattern, rapid increases in corporate battery sales, and strong profitability.
Driving storage batteries were sold over 435gwh, a 31% increase in the same year; of these, q3 was sold over 165gwh, 52 weeks of maximum/minimum prices were increased by more than 31%, and the ring was increased by 14%. Domestic and European demand for new energy vehicles continued to improve, and domestic demand continued to improve.
We estimate that the net profit per motor storage cell unit of 2025q3 is about $0.10/wh, which is basically the same as the ring ratio. Looking ahead, the productivity of the public sector continues to be high, and the share of high-end battery products, such as stork, continues to rise.
The expansion of the company’s productive capacity has accelerated, and the global layout has increased its service capacity. Against a backdrop of continued good demand for the end, the company has accelerated the pace of expansion of its productive capacity, with new production capacities in such places as Zining Shandong, Jiang Xi Yichun, Fujian Xiaomen, etc. The construction of the company at the end of 2025q3 was 37.37 billion yuan, an increase of 2.28 billion yuan over the end of q2 and an increase of production capacity.
The expansion is accelerating. Companies are accelerating the global distribution of their production capacity, German bases are increasing their slopes, Hungary is expected to become operational by the end of 2025, Indonesia's Battery Industry Chain project is expected to be operational, and Spain has completed its previous approval process.
The company continues to produce new battery products and enrich the matrix of products. In the area of vehicles, the company has launched a remote-infusion battery for the exclusive power-in-carriage passenger, the mid-year review of the Ninder era (300,750.sz) and the mid-year period 2025.
In September 2025, the company launched a global high-security np3.0 technology platform in the area of batteries, the Ninder Times (3007550.sz) Quarterly Review - Dynamic Storage Batteries for Profit, 2025, and officially released a first wave of God's hands to carry the technology. In the area of commercial cars, the company launched the Skywalking System.
In the area of storage capacity, companies are accelerating the Third Quarterly Review of the Ninder Times (300,750.sz) 2024 - a steady increase in battery output.
The Ninder Age (300,750.sz)-2024 mid-point evaluation - the risk of high-speed power cell operations; trade protectionism and trade friction risk; and the lack of progress in overseas capacity-building.
Investment proposals: raise profit forecasts to maintain a “better than the big market” rating. $190 million more based on power and storage batteries; increase in stock size, as required by accounting standards, mainly. Corporate battery sales maintain a rapid growth trend. We estimate high sales of power batteries in the first three quarters of 2025.
435gwh, 31% more than the same year; of these, q3 had an excess of 165gwh, 31% more than the same year, and a 14% increase in the ring. Domestic and European demand for new energy vehicles continued to be better, domestic and overseas storage orders were full, and the sales of power companies continued to rise.
The company’s global power cell leadership is strong. According to sneresesearch data, January-August 2025.
The world's power cell market is ranked first in terms of capacity, with 36.8% of the city and 0.9% of the city; overseas power and battery capacity is ranked first, with 29.1% of the city and +2.1% of the city. According to the power cell coalition, the expansion of the company's capacity has accelerated and globalization has increased its service capacity.
The Division has accelerated the pace of expansion of production capacity, with new production performances in such places as Zining Shandong, Jiang Xi Yichun, Fujian Xiamen, etc. The construction of the company at the end of 2025q3 was 37.37 billion yuan, an increase of 2.28 billion yuan over the end of q2 and continued expansion of production capacity, which was completed by the end of the year, the Indonesian battery chain project is expected to be operational, and the Spanish base has completed its initial approval.
In the area of cars, the company pushes out the nectar series and the Gods series of batteries for pure electricity and rolls out the thugs for hybrid car customers. In September 2025, the company released the global top-level Np3.0 technology platform for the first-ever battery, and officially released the first item.
In the area of commercial cars, companies introduce a series of Skyline products to fit the commercial requirements of passenger, logistics, and heavy trucks. In the area of storage power, companies are accelerating progress in the production of 587ah power cores to make investment proposals: to raise profit forecasts and maintain a “better than the big market” rating.
Based on the positive impact of the demand for power and storage batteries on the company's operations, we have raised profit projections, and the author has assured that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding, seeking to be independent, objective, impartial through reasonable judgement and conclusion, without any third party's approval or influence; the author has not studied it in the past, now or in the future.