Performance meets expectations, deepens the industrial ecology, builds a diversified growth engine q3 with robust growth and stable unit earnings. Company q3 batteries deliver about 180 gwh, \triangleright
The power cell accounts for about 80% of the power cell and the storage battery accounts for about 20% of the total. The industry is well ahead of the industry in which the chain is stable and stable by some storage system operations. The company’s capacity continues to be fully utilized, and the contract liability at the end of q3 amounts to $40,678 million, with the ring rising by nearly $4 billion, highlighting the high demand.
Dun Yongkang, with both power and storage demand, is accelerating the pace of globalization. For power batteries, the commercial car market is \triangleright.
For the new growth point, the share of business has risen to about 20%, with the electric heavy card market benefiting from economic nuggets and Qui Li Xiaoping's well-developed infrastructure, which has now reached 23% in the country. In terms of storage, it is benefiting from the global new energy loading machine.
In response to a strong demand, the company’s global seating capacity is saturated by the high demand for the development of a data centre, and the company’s capacity to operate is actively expanding its capacity to fill client orders, especially for the production of large-capacity power cores like 587ah.
The new product matrix continues to be rich in the technological innovation-led industry. The company insists on high-intensity research and development, the first three quarters.
The sodium core battery became the first sodium ion battery to be certified by a new national label, and was evaluated for: performance over expectations, overseas operations, technological innovations, scale applications, and now the company's sodium new vehicle power cell is being developed and dropped with customers.
The momentum in the region is well under way. The new products, represented by the gods, thorium, and freeness, are highly recognized in the market and are expected to be in the news industry in the first quarter of 2025 in the Ninde era (300,750.sz).
In the next generation of technology, the company aims to achieve full solid-state battery production in 2027, with small bulk production that will continue to lead the industry in the direction of technological development.
Deepening the industrial environment and building a diversified growth engine. The company accelerated the construction of an open and win-win industrial ecology, and during the reporting period \triangleright agreed on a strategic partnership with Kyoutung to consolidate the advantages of the two sides to promote the model of separation of motor vehicles and electricity.
4. The chocolate-for-card and rash-for-power stations built by the Division in cooperation with China ' s petrochemicals have been operational and are now working together.
By working in depth with partners in the industrial chain, companies are moving from battery manufacturers to integrated energy service providers with long-term potential of 2025/01/22, with the prospect of opening a new growth curve.
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.