M.M.I.P. 300760, op. cit., October 29, 2019. High-end class leads, platform synergizes.
On October 29, 2019, 2019 Quarterly Report, the company announced that it had achieved business income of 123.79 during the reporting period, with significant synergy of channels and performance in line with the market.
At the same time, the company, as a platform-based enterprise, product wide area layout, high-school low-end product mix, is still growing at a high rate, both inside and outside the country.
Financial indicators continue to be optimized, and operating cash flows perform well.
120.97 days, with all the above indicators of historical excellence. The company has a large sales radius, complex customer structure, and the accounts receivable turnaround days continue to improve at a lower level in the industry. The company has established major warehouses in Nanjing, Shenzhen and the Netherlands, integrating and strengthening its management.
In the first three quarters, the operating cash flow of $3.284 billion increased by 33.97 per cent over the same period, with a net profit rate.
"Study by the State Dollar Securities Corporation -- Merrillian Medical Care (300,760) 19q1 quarter " Myrry Medical Care, as the largest share of medical devices, continues to move towards platform, high-end, globalization, reporting on internal and external overhauls, efficiency gains and research and development leads to sustained growth."
Grassroots build-up + national production replaces the two-wheel drive, and is expected to make further breakthroughs in the high-end and international arenas in the medium and long term, and in some of the more flat stages of industry there is a higher degree of risk resistance and a higher degree of certainty about growth. Based on the company’s performance in the last three quarters, the profitability has increased, and we have raised the profit forecast, which is expected to be public.
Research in the Domestic Dollar Securities Industry - The depth of medical imagery: The wind rises, the path of import substitution of home-grown images. 2018.10.15 Progress in research and development of new products has not been as expected: Policy implementation has fallen short of expectations: exchange rate fluctuations risk: product prices
The report is presented independently and objectively, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association. The data used in my commitment report are based on compliance channels, the logic of analysis is based on the professional integrity and professional competence of the author, and the report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and adopts it.
A reasonable judgement concludes that the findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party. A description of the securities investment consultancy business, according to the Certificate of Operating Securities (z23834,000) issued by the CSRC, GSM is qualified for securities investment consultancy operations approved by the CSRC.
The securities investment advisory business refers to the conduct of the institution that acquires the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and its consultants in providing securities investors or customers with relevant information, analysis, forecasting and publication of portfolio investments to the customer.