Performance met expectations and net profits continued to grow
The performance of operating income and the net return on parent earnings increased by 15-25 per cent and 15 per cent, respectively, while the firm strengthened its internal management, improved operating efficiency and continued to increase its net profit rate: exchange rate fluctuations also had a positive impact on the company ' s performance.
New business is active, and market access continues to rise. Life information and support operations and in vitro diagnostics: domestic markets benefit from product upgrading, brand competitiveness and synergies, penetration is increasing; international markets effectively break through client groups.
In the field of medical imagery, companies have achieved high-end, high-quality installations in many hospitals in North America, Europe, etc., while domestic hospitals have gradually taken up the market share of the international giants. In the first half of the year, the revenues of the three operations increased, respectively.
With the gradual replacement of imports and rapid growth of high-end high-end products in the light-r series, companies are expected to maintain a 20 per cent income growth rate.
In 2019, the company launched the hypervisorx central station, the abdominal abdominal accelerator, and the medium- and high-end desktop.
For the first time, the North American subsidiary was awarded a mdsap certificate, and the Nanjing subsidiary passed the tüv Nantz Group's abdominal acce.
The company’s top heart surgery hospital, the Royal Papeworth Hospital, has achieved coverage of the institution-wide care solution. Profit predictions and investment ratings.
More than the median level of comparable companies (40.3 times), but significantly less than the equivalent market value of such innovative medicines as Heung Swe (81 times) and Ming Kandeh (71 times). Given the company’s industry position and future growth prospects, the “uptake” rating is maintained.
The company issued a performance forecast that net profits were growing faster than revenue. The company expected revenue from the three Lidulls to be $11,822 billion by 2019 - $12,850 million, an increase of 15-25 per cent over the same period in the previous year; the net profit return is the net profit growth rate expected to be attributable to the shareholders of the listed company after deducting non-recurring profits and losses for the quarter.
The company’s three main operations perform well in both domestic and foreign markets. Life information and support operations and in vitro diagnostics: benefits from product upgrading, brand competitiveness and synergies, domestic market penetration is increasing; and international markets are effective in achieving client-group breakthroughs.
In the field of medical imagery, the company has achieved high-end, high-quality loadings in several hospitals in North America and Europe, while domestic hospitals have gradually taken up the international market share of the giants. In the first half of the 19th year, three operations experienced growth rates of 24.4 per cent, 22.5 per cent and 12.5 per cent, respectively, and are expected to increase with the N series of Guardians.
The rapid growth of high-end products with chemical luminous, r-series high-end colours is expected to sustain 20% of the company’s revenue, with a sustained focus on R & D, product upgrading, and a breakthrough in high-end client groups. The rapid development of the Department of Corporate R & D spending for many years provides the impetus. The company takes the lead or participates in a number of national science and technology priority R & D programs.
In 2019, the company launched a number of upgrades to the hypervisorx sub-heavy central station, apervisorx abdominal abdominal machine, and medium-high-end desktops. For the first time ever, the North American subsidiary was awarded a mdsap certificate, and the Nanjing Myrry subsidiary passed the tüv Nantzlü German Group pulmonary abdominal machine.
The Court's “Royal Papapworth Hospital” has achieved full-time guardianship percentage points (life information and support, ivd, Māori rates for the three main operations have fallen by 1.32 pct, companies have strengthened their internal management and improved business efficiency.
Looking at global manufacturers of medical devices, companies are the only three major areas of business, with a wide variety of products and a comprehensive coverage of high-, medium- and low-end medical equipment enterprises, with products that are functional, performance and quality leading to international leadership. With the ageing of the world’s population,
With its own platform, R & D, products, markets and other competitive advantages, companies are expected to continuously upgrade existing products and introduce new ones, continuously expand their share of domestic and foreign markets, and become world leaders.
The value of the treatment is higher than the median level in comparable companies, but is significantly lower than the lead in innovative medicine such as Hing Swe (81 times) and Mingkund (71 times) with similar market values. Given the company’s industry profile and prospects for future growth, the report’s analytical logic is based on its own professional understanding, and it clearly and accurately reflects its research views, and the conclusions are not shared by any third party.
No part of my remuneration has been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendation or opinion in this report.