Core plate or accelerated growth, scale effect increases net interest rate - Méri Medical Review, 3rd Quarterly Report, 2019 29 October 2019, company issued 3rd Quarterly Report, 2019: operating income, returns for the first 3 quarters
The net profit of the mother, the net profit of the deduction, was $12.379 billion, the net profit of $3.671 billion, and the net profit of $3.623 billion, respectively, representing an increase of $3.284 billion in net operating cash flows for the third quarter, an increase of 33.97 per cent. The growth of income from co-development was robust.
Corporate income growth levels as a whole. The third quarterly report revealed that income growth in the first three quarters of 2019 had remained above 20 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and the Unit showed a very steady increase compared to the trend of Deep 300, continuing the trend in the first half of 2019; although the third quarterly report did not disclose three nuclears.
At the same rate of increase in the income of the plate, but by extrapolating it, we expect that the rate of increase in the life information support plate and the ivd plate will remain at close to 25% at the same rate. -In the analysis, the same rate of increase in life information support, in vitro diagnosis, and medical images is 24.4%, respectively.
(b) On the other hand, the ratio of higher-end products, such as chemical light, has increased, with a relatively moderate decline in the rate reported (the same rate is reported as the same rate).
3) Cost controls are better and net interest rates are significantly higher. In contrast to the significant expansion of the sales team in 2018, we found that cost controls were better in 2019 and reflected in the simultaneous scale effect, sales rates, administrative costs 1. Murray Medical (300,760): life information and support.
Financial costs decreased by 1.08 pct to -2.84 per cent on a year-on-year basis as a result of the impact of interest income. As a result, net interest rates were raised on a year-on-year basis.
\triangleright continues to optimize the global supply chain with an inventory turnover rate of 2.23 for the first three quarters, up by 0.25 for the same period; strict control of high-end new products with a tight pace and a sharp increase in the income scale of high-end products
The \triangleright three product lines have a rhythmical innovation overlap: 1) the N line of Guardians has grown rapidly and sales are nearly doubled; the advantages accumulated in marketing channels have led to higher growth in tremors, anesthesia, breathing, etc.
The five-class blood cells, high-speed biochemistry have also increased the growth rate. 3) The ultrasound sector is constantly breaking upwards, and re-colours have increased by more than 50 per cent in the country. 4) In addition, the company has been active in the development of microscopic surgical operations, which currently include surgical mirroring systems, cold light, abdominal machines, optical endoscopes, microscopic surgical devices and surgery.
In the medium and long term, products such as corporate high-end custodians, chemical light and waterlines, high-end images, etc., have a larger summary of company financial statement data projections.
Tam Zimei, Research Assistant, Bachelor of Finance, University of Central and South China, Master of Accounting and Finance, University of Bristol, one year of experience in medicine and medicine, joined the Civil Certificate in May 2019. The author has the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultancy, awarded by the Chinese Securities Association, to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels, and that the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, through reasonable judgement and conclusion, objectivity, impartiality, and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.