China's dairy industry will be better tomorrow, and for the first time it will cover China's dairy industry, which is the consumption board of China's few consumer sectors that have benefited from the long-term evolution of consumption trends and national development policies.
We believe that China’s dairy industry has four main advantages: 1) the level of sales per capita is low and there is much room for future growth; 2) the benefits of trends such as rising consumer health awareness and rising consumption; 3) a high degree of convergence with national strategy development and long-term support from national policies; 4) sustained integration of the industry and gradual improvement in competition. These four advantages have given China a very high level of long-term growth in the dairy industry.
Qualitative. For the first time, we covered Eli (600887.ch) with a “buy-in” rating.
Full Report: China's Dairy Industry: Health Awareness and Consumption Upgrading Drives Long-term Possibilities
Whether it is brand power, channel power, or market share of the various products, Eli is undoubtedly the king of Chinese dairy products. The market sees Eli more as a value investment, and believes that its future growth is relatively weak.
But we believe that there is still room for a future increase in the size of Eli’s income and profits, and that its growth in infant formula, high-end white milk, and low-temperature acids is not insignificant. The largest, most profitable, most stable dairy enterprises: income, sales.
In addition to this, Eli’s profit margin is unique among the major dairy companies. This is largely due to the scale effect of higher income volumes; and 2) to the overall and balanced development of products.
The matrix (especially high Maori products such as milk powder and cold drinks); and 3) is more efficient. And Eli’s stable sales performance (especially during the epidemic) brings to the market four major competitive advantages: we think Eli’s competitive advantage is a powerful moat.
Within 52 weeks, the stock price range (RMB) will come from the following four areas: 1) strong brand power and brand visibility; and 2) rich.
The four main competitive advantages create strong barriers to Iraq’s competition, enabling it to face challenges and seize new opportunities.
Ely is the most comprehensive and balanced company in the dairy industry in China. Eli’s usual warm white milk, hot yogurt milk, milk beverages.
After the acquisition of O-Yu, the milk industry rose to second place in the industry. Eli is also actively trying out products other than dairy products, providing a constant impetus for future growth.
Valuation: taking into account the absolute status of Eli's powerful brand power, channel power and various categories of goods, 26 x 2023ep/e as Eli's valuation (compared to large international food beverages investment risk: 1) higher prices of original milk and large powder are more than expected; 2) product lines are broken down
Increased competition; 3) Repeated outbreaks hinder the supply chain. Financial statement analysis and forecasting - Ely shares (600887.ch): China's dairy king
The largest, most full-grade and most profitable medium-sized dairy company, Iline Mongolia Ili Industries Group, was founded in 1993 in Inner Mongolia for nearly 30 years and more.
For generations, the efforts of China’s dairy industry have grown to be an absolute leader.
In the first place in the market. Eli's combined income growth rate has reached 21.9 per cent in the last 22 years, and Eli's market share in most dairy products has been ranked first, while Eli's acquisition of Oyo has further consolidated his position in the infant and child formula.
In addition to income and sales, Eli’s profit margin and profit scale are unique in the main dairy industry. This is mainly due to the following three factors: (1) Eli’s income is larger (which has a stronger scale effect in both production and sales).
(ii) Comprehensive development of the various categories of Eli (especially of high Maori products such as milk powder and cold drinks) (3) more efficient operation of Eli (based on its developed deep distribution channels)
In terms of income, volume, market share of various products, and profit margins, Eli deserves the title of China’s leader in the dairy industry. Strong competitive barriers strengthen the monarchy.
Eli has been able to stay industry first for the last 10 years, and it can be seen that Eli has a strong moat and competitive advantage in the dairy industry in China. In our view, Eli's main competitive advantage is derived from the following four powerful brands.
(3) Developed distribution channels (4) stable and highly motivated management strong brand power
Eli's branding influence in China's dairy industry is unquestionable. In Brandz's best-value Chinese brand list, Eli's food and dairy industry is number one for nine years in a row.
Brandfinance, Pilgrim International, in the Cardo Consumers Index, The Asian Brand Footprint Report 2021, the "Ely" brand was more than 10.
To maintain their brand power and brand image, Eli spared no effort in branding. In 2010, Ili held the Sea World Expo, the only one to meet the criteria of the World Wide Web and provide milk for the Shanghai World Expo.
In 2005, Eli was selected as an exclusive dairy sponsor for the Beijing Olympic Games, and has a long-standing partnership with the Beijing Olympic Committee. Since then, Eli has sponsored the 2012 London Olympics and became an official dairy partner for the 2022 Beijing Olympics and Winter Paralympics.
In addition to major events and events, Eli has sponsored a variety of young people’s popular art programmes over the past 10 years, actively shaping a rejuvenated brand image, thereby taking over more young consumers’ minds. Over the past 10 years, Eli’s advertising costs have continued to grow with rising incomes.
Marketing and branding inputs enable Eli to maintain its high-quality brand dynamism and continue to be subject to a great deal of pressure on China’s high-quality original milk resources, and the degree of control over the upstream original milk resources determines the firm’s future development.
As an industry leader, Eli began the layout of upstream pastures very early on. Eli has the largest high-quality milk source base in China, covering the three main sources of gold milk in the north-west, inland Mongolia, north-east and many other high-quality pastures, which can contribute to the basic regional markets for Eli radiation.
In addition to building their own pastures, Pulse and Yil has invested in a number of mega-scale original dairy production companies, which have supplied most of their original milk to Irea, the upstream milk-sourced companies that work with Eli’s equity.
To date, Eli has nearly a thousand self-built, ongoing and cooperative pastures in the country.
At present, the original milk supplied by Eli’s own pastures (including self-build and equity investments) is estimated to meet 25% of the production needs of the country. Control over upstream original milk resources enables Eli to secure the production and supply of high-end products and to maintain the original milk purchase price at a time when the original milk price has risen significantly.
In order to strengthen control over the terminals, as early as 2006, Eli began a nationwide “Webwething Project”, which, over five years, combined with the distributors and the direct camp model, completed the “Travel North-South, Radiation East” project.
The national market layout of the West has resulted in integrated production, marketing, and market operations, and has become the first dairy company in China to cover the national market. At the same time, the company, by sending sales personnel to the terminal point, has jointly opened the market and made the terminal more controlled by the company.
At the end of 2021, the company owned 15,000 distributors throughout the country, contributing nearly 97% of its operations, while in 2007 it noted the importance of China's sunk market, pre-positioning it ahead of Monx and other competitors in the industry.
By the end of 2020, the number of rural sites had reached 1096,000, and their penetration capacity had increased year by year.
In the current changing consumption patterns, Ili was keenly concerned about the rise of new retail outlets such as electric power providers and o2o, and made a major effort to develop online channels. Eli has achieved full coverage for large electricity suppliers such as Skycat and Kyundong, and has been in the lead in food and beverages in recent years during the “618” and “two-nil” campaigns.
At the same time, Eli and Kyung-dong jointly set up a joint warehouse to supply products, match the Kyoto-to-Kyoto orders, and establish a cooperation agreement with Kyoto-to-home in 2020, using the extensive distribution layout of Kyoto-to-to-order delivery speeds to further expand the radiation area of their clients.
Figure 20: Performance card for the period of Eri Dynasty (2021) The management is stable and highly motivated and the biggest feature of Ely ' s management is stability compared to its competitors.
Pan has been President of the Elie Group since 2002 and has also been President and Chief Executive Officer of the Group since 2005. For the past 20 years, Pan Kong has been the top decision-maker of the United States, leading Eli’s web-weaving campaign, overcoming the melamine incident, and returning to China’s breast-milk leadership.
Including Chairman Pan Kong, most of Ely’s management is promoted internally, and many years of deep-deep-deep-deep-deep-deep-deep-deep-deep-deep-deep-deep-deep-deep-deep-deep-deep-deep-deep-deep-deep-deep-deep-deep-deep-deep-deep-deep-deep-deep-deep-deep-deep-deep-deeper-deeper corporate governance structure, which also contributes to stability, greater cohesion, and more strategic implementation.
In order to better motivate the workforce, Ely has implemented multiple rounds of equity incentives for management and core staff (in 2006, 2016 and 2019). These incentives bind management, core staff, and core staff.
The interests of the company, thereby fully mobilizing the motivation of its employees. People. The company buys back through the secondary market, awarding 152,428,000 shares of incentives to programme-related personnel, and in five instalments (annual implementation) to meet established conditions (e.g., roa, net profit) in the company ' s operating indicators.
To date, Eli’s main management (including Pangang) holds a total of 8.01% of Ely’s shares, the second largest shareholder after Houthis and Holt Investments Limited. This also ensures a high degree of consistency between management and corporate interests.
Living silver International's whole-class layout drives sustainable growth.
In addition to dairy products, Eli actively extends its tentacles to non-milk markets, such as plant-based drinks, functional drinks and bottled water. Full product coverage, full product development and accumulation.
In the future, Episodes will continue to be elevated through product structural upgrading, with low-temperatures passing through production.
Innovation and upgrading take their share of the market, and the milk industry is expected to release a new boost in the acquisition of O-Yu.
The first company in the industry to launch a carnival with warm white milk. We estimate that, in 2021, constant white milk accounted for 40% of Eli's total sales, 51% of Eli's liquid milk sales, was sold in all of Eli's products, while overall consumption power remained weak in 2021, and Eli's warm white milk remained stable in double digits.
We believe that, with China’s consumers’ health awareness rising in the future, consumption preferences will continue to shift to white milk, thus contributing to a steady increase in the sale of Elizabeth’s milk. On the other hand, despite the fact that Eli’s overall sales of warm white milk are higher than that of Monx, Eli’s high-end warm white milk continues to grow.
There is still a gap between the scale of the gold medallion and the high-end Trensu milk product of Monx. That means that Eli's warm white milk class still has much higher-end room.
At the same time, with the future growth of gold medals consistently higher than that of normal white milk products, Eli's product structure as a whole will be further upgraded.
Keeping the market ahead, Erie's Ammush is now the absolute leader in the field of the warm and acid yogurt, with a market share of 53% in 2021 and the first-largest market in the last six years.
In our view, Ammush’s success is largely due to his continuous innovation in taste and packaging. Since his listing, Ammush has introduced nearly 20 tastes to meet the changing market demands of consumers.
In the meantime, it brings a new sense to the consumer.
On the other hand, significant marketing inputs and a network of Iran’s developed channels have also enabled Ammush to reach out to consumers more quickly and to take up market shares. Since his listing, Ammush has sponsored a number of amphibious shows, and has invited many of the performers to speak for the brand.
Chart 35: Ammush sponsored the polythelithic show, and we observed that the epidemic had significantly changed consumer consumption trends. Thus, the constant-temperature-acid milk class slowed down significantly after the outbreak. We predicted that Eli's Ammush would grow in 2021.
We believe that the overall sales of pyrolytic milk will be challenged over the next 2-3 years, but Ammush is expected to sustain the growth of sales through sustained product innovation upgrades, while maintaining its market leader.
Eli's low-temperature products can be divided into two groups: cryogenic yogurt and low-temperature milk. The low-temperature yogurt milk business has matured, while the low-temperature milk has started at a later stage and is now less well paid, but has great potential.
In the case of low-temperature yoghurt, the company has a long line of products, with major products ranging from light, extra, joyday, etc., covering essentially the full price segment of the market. (1) The main Ili brand of yoghurt covers the lower and middle markets, and the prices are low, but high.
With China’s rising consumption of dairy products, sale of yoghurt is expected to be guaranteed at the retail end of 14.17 billion yuan a year, compared to 6% in Cagr from 2017 to 2021. The star, the low-temperature yoghurt brand, is also in high-end and high-end markets.
The largest sales of the cheap-temperature yogurt products have been made under the flag. Since their listing in 2009, light taste and packaging have been changing. This has also allowed for faster growth after many years of life. According to Euromonitor, smoother sales at the retail end in 2021.
(3) Each gain is a high-end active yogurt drink. Since its launch in 2015, the market has been opened rapidly, with ad words such as “press the intestinal entry buttons” and the introduction of special products has continued to meet the different needs of consumers. According to Euromonitor, 2021 years have been added to each gain.
In 2016, Pulse and Yin International launched a market for "chocolate + yogurt" grouping in order to compete for different tastes and to do it quickly. According to Euromonitor, Joyday.
In 2021, sales at the retail end were 470 million yuan, and in 2017-2021, the cagr was 36%. In 2017, the company introduced “Parety” carbonated yogurt products to position high-end markets with traditional European processes.
Overall, Eli's cryogenic yoghurt business is weak in brand power, sales size, and market share. We believe, however, that it is relatively easy to build a class of explosives. We believe that Eli has the ability to push more creative products into the market through sustained research and development inputs, in a low-temperature yoghurt.
Live silver International, low-temperature milk.
In the area of low-temperature milk, in 2019, the company published three new low-temperature pap milk products, “Golden Fairy Milk” (780 ml plastics), “Motherland Milk” (950 ml box), and “Irieve Milk” (950 ml box), which are now being marketed mainly in the first and second-line cities and coastal cities.
Despite the fact that Elli's low-temperature milk business has only recently begun, with its own brand power, control over upstream milk sources, well-developed cold-chain systems and well-developed distribution channels, we believe that the low-temperature milk industry has great potential and future prospects.
Milk powder: Upgraded products + extended acquisitions, continued expansion of the Tu-Eli flag gold-crowded milk powder, formerly branded as China's national milk powder leader, but influenced by the domestic milk powder industry's triple concentration of melamine and mercury levels, and reduced consumer confidence in home-grown milk powder, resulting in China's milk.
The market has been seized by foreign companies. With a series of strict regulatory policies on dairy products and powdered milk in recent years, the country’s confidence in milk powder has increased, with the production of milk powder returning to the top of the milk market by hundreds of millions of yuan, China’s milk powder market returning to its seventh place in 2021.
In our view, Eli’s current lead in the milk industry is based on his early investment in the development of milk powder. By its composition, five patents, such as the “α-milk protein and beta-cheese protein combination” found, have been registered for use in the manufacture of milk powder, endorsed with scientific research and development results, and increased consumer confidence in the product.
The main driving force behind the development of the Elie milk industry is the upgrading of products and the full coverage of the various price bands, functions, and consumers. The main brand crown covers the milk demand of children at all price bands and at all stages of development.
In the two years from 2019 to 2020, Eli introduced products such as the Seine Herds, milk powder for the puppies, the golden bell camps, supplementation, milk powder for the qq star children, etc.
But Eli did not stop at the current market position for milk powder, and in January 2022, Eli completed the acquisition of the sixth largest market share in China, holding 52.7% of the share in the market, and became the single largest shareholder. By combining his market share, Eli managed to become China’s second largest dairy company.
O-Yu's participation is a huge addition to E-Li. O-Y-Yo holds most of the Dutch milk money, and is also the standard product of the infant and child milk market, and is better equipped with the product layout of E-Li's milk powder at the top and the top (up to $500/9000g) and sheep powder.
We believe that Ely’s ability to upgrade his own product development, along with Oyo’s fixed high-end, super-high-end milk powder product lines, will continue to drive the development of his milk powder business. It is also at a time when the rate of growth in liquid milk is slowing, the outlook is clearer and the speed of growth is stronger than expected.
Pui Ying International Cold drinks: Out of the country to expand the new market, Eli's cold drinks have been in the forefront of the industry for the last 27 years, the undisputed leader of the cold drinks industry, 2021.
In 2021, the sales of cold drinks reached $7.16 billion, 10 years after the start of the cold drinks business, Elie has been on the market for over 1,000 products, with huge lines of products, mainly from rare ice cream, which hits the high end of the cold drinks market, and Eli is facing new power suppliers and channels of o2o.
Eli is not only focusing on the domestic cold-drinking market, but also targeting the vast South-East Asian region of the cold-drinking market. Eli was built and acquired in Indonesia in 2015 and Thailand in 2018, respectively.
Establishment of subsidiaries. According to Euromonitor data, the size of the cold drinks markets in Indonesia and Thailand was $440 million and $410 million, respectively, in 2021, and will reach $54 and $560 million, respectively, in 2026. After multi-year market research in South-East Asia, Eli launched a joyday for South-East Asian markets in 2018.
By the end of 2021, more than 20 products had been introduced, accounting for 7.5% in Indonesia, making a leap to become the seventh largest cold drink brand in the Indonesian market. We believe that in the short term, Eli’s leader in the cold drink industry in the country will be hard to shake.
It also has the capacity to replicate mature cold drink R&D, marketing, and transportation capabilities into South-East Asian markets, generating stronger synergies that will provide a strong boost to the development of the industry in Southeast Asia. Cheese: positive layout, keeping pace with new trends in industry
In 2018, Eli established the Cheese Department to strengthen the high-end product line layout to meet consumers’ health and diversified dietary needs. Currently, China’s cheese market is still dominated by foreign firms, with only Montagnard (beautiful blues) at the top five of the country’s product plate.
Elli's cheese products are mainly cheese snacks, cut with fast-growing child cheese sticks on a market scale, and it's a year that Ely has introduced Mya Chi bag cheese to adult consumers for healthy snacks and multiple tastes.
Chart 50: Erie children's cheesesticks Chart 51: Eli Mya Chi Chi Qui, in addition to innovative retail end-products, Eli has increased influence in the catering end cheese market through acquisitions.
In 2019, Eli completed the acquisition of Westland, New Zealand’s second largest dairy company. Westland’s multi-dinner cheese product and catering customer resources further empowered Erie’s cheese business.
The synergies between the top cheese market and Westland have been strengthened, retail end product lines have been further improved, and in the future, we predict that Eli's revenue growth in double digits will be roughly the same as in the next three years, driven by both sales and average sales unit prices.
We expect that after the acquisition of Oyu, the revenue from the Iri milk business will increase considerably in 2022. The share of liquid milk will continue to decrease as a result of the overall volume of milked drinks sold, but the contribution of white milk to liquid milk is expected to continue to rise in recent years.
During 2016-2020, there was no significant increase in the Māori rate in Ely, mainly due to the upward cycle of original milk prices in the second half of 2018, which put greater pressure on the company ' s production costs.
As the original milk price has stabilized and the pattern of competition has subsided, we predict that the Māori rate for Eli’s internal business will expand over the next few years. In addition, the Māori rate will be raised once and for all by the second quarter of 2022.
We expect that the Māori rate for future Ili liquid milk will continue to rise as product structures are optimized and upgraded, while the Māori rate for milk powder (excluding Oyu) and cold drinks will remain stable in the future.
We predict that, in 2022, Ely’s sales rates will increase as a result of a merger with Oyo, but will remain largely stable in the coming years.
With a combination of rising incomes and expanding profitability, the net profits of the company will continue to grow at a higher rate of year-on-year growth, and the net interest rates will continue to expand. The expansion of net interest rates and the optimization of asset turnover will also offset the impact of future reductions in financial leverage.
In the next three years, the rate of return on assets has been maintained at over 20%.
Eli's operating cash flow will fall back on the same scale as free cash, but in 2023-24 we will maintain an increase in the absolute dominance of Eli's powerful brand power, channel power and product classes, and we will use 26 x 2023ep/e as Eli's valuation (as compared to the 20% average value of large international food beverage companies).
Shares (600877.ch), with a “buy-in” rating. In China’s dairy industry, Eli is also a potential downside risk to our share price: (1) the price of original milk and large powder is higher than expected;
(2) Increased competition among product lines by segment; (3) repeated disruptions to the supply chain caused by the epidemic.
Promising and pessimistic scenario Pessimistic scenario: corporate income growth is not as high as expected
Liquefied milk sales grew by more than 10 per cent in 23 years; Liquefied milk sales grew by less than 3 per cent in 23 years; and advertising costs fell by 30bps in 23 years.
The advertising rate rose by 30 bps in 23 years, and Jin-jin International and the Eli Group were founded in 1993 and listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange in 1996 (stock number:
In the development process, Eli has always insisted on “internationalization” and “innovation.”