Innermongolialiindustrialgroup (600887/ch) 2022 semi-annual review: short-term pressure on liquid milk, bright infant powder performance
The view focus on investmentfocus (pleaseeeseappendix1forenglichsummary) is largely smooth. 2022h1 earns $63.46 billion, a year-on-year + 12.3%.
Short-term pressure on liquid milk and bright performance of infant powders. 2022h1 cents of product income: liquid milk/milk powder and dairy/cream products yielding 428.9/120.772.9 billion dollars, the same amount falling, mostly due to demand and logistics.
Data from Nelson Zero show that the company ' s liquid milk sales pct. infant powder is still growing at a high rate of expansion; adult formula powders are retailing.
The business structure optimizes the overall Māori rate, with net interest rates in line with expectations.
The ratio is 33.7%, compared to +1.6pc, which is a higher Māori business, mainly with powdered milk, growing faster, with the product structure optimized and the contribution of higher unit prices, the cost of which has not been significantly optimized, the lower original milk price and other material increases being offset by a small decrease in the price of the original milk.
9.7% for the same year +0.2pt; net interest rate for non-repatriation is 9.3% for the same year +0.4pt. Milk powder is expected to continue to function and liquid milk is expected to grow again in the second half of the year. Looking forward to the year, Eli's basics are solid, and the liquid milk business is expected to resume growth as the epidemic improves.
The ad hoc acquisition of Oyuq2 began and began, and will continue to increase the company's milk powder collection. Although the fall in birth rate in 2022 and the recurrent pressure of the epidemic industry, there is hope for a return to the overall warmth next year, while the Erie baby powdering business is still fast and long-term, with its leader.
The rapid expansion of brand advantages and channels is expected to sustain a strong market share. Business income will continue to grow in double digits throughout the year, while profits are stable, and in the future corporate profitability will increase steadily with the growth of the milk plate, and profits elasticity can be predicted.
♪ Xiangweiwen Ho Xiaoshiweihu ♪