It's quite obvious that we're going to have a short-term pressure on our performance and look forward to the restoration of our profits.
On 24 October, the company announced that it would produce 40,000 tonnes/year of nylon 12 annually and produce qualified products, and that it would like to see Huanhua chemistry become an enterprise with the core technology of the nylon 12 industry chain and the manufacturing capacity of scale production, breaking the monopoly of overseas technology and further increasing its core competitiveness in the field of new materials.
This year, as a result of the epidemic and inflation, global demand has weakened, adding up the company's main chemical raw materials, the European company's energy costs to the same scale have risen dramatically, dragging the company's Māori to short-term pressure on its performance. The company has increased its sales by the same amount, the new materials have grown faster, and the long-term growth is strong enough.
The increase in the volume of main-sector products and the growth of corporate revenue have been sustained; global demand has weakened and chemical prices have fallen, as a result of a new domestic crowning epidemic and high inflation in Europe and America. Polyurethane plates, the company’s main product, mdi, have been weak, prices have fallen, with an average price of 15.6 million yuan per ton for q3 polymermdi.
In the context of the global recession, the company remained strong core competitiveness, and sales of the various business plates continued to grow on a year-on-year basis. q3, polyurethane plates sold 1.07 million tons, yoy + 5.82 per cent, revenues reached $15.617 billion, yoy-0.38 per cent, petrochemical plates sold at 2.83 million tons, yoy + 8.33 per cent, camp
At $4,823 million, yoy+14.53 per cent. At present, overseas energy prices are high, adding up companies’ new productions, higher prices for raw materials and energy, and dragging companies on their Māori: 22 years of high energy prices, the company’s main industrial raw materials, and the European company’s energy costs have risen substantially on a year-to-year basis.
The average price of pure benzene for raw materials is $8397 per ton, yoy + 4.08%, the average price of 5,000 kilocalories of coal is $1128/US$/ton, yoy + 3.86%.
The launch of the nylon 12 project, the new material industry layout: the company’s pre-construction project was gradually launched, bringing new profit growth points to the public. The company’s 40,000-ton nylon 12 installation came into operation, marking the company’s break-up of foreign monopolies and a new material core technology.
Sex, high gas intensity, and excellent physiology are widely used in cars, pipes, medical treatment, 3d printing, etc. But production technology has long been won by Germany, Swiss ems, French Akoma, and Japanese Ministry of Japan.
Evidence of the company's strong R & D power. The company's ongoing research and development work on new material plates, the construction of projects, the steady increase in the volume-to-collect ratio, the optimization of the company's whole industry chain layout, the guarantee of 10,000 tons/year of lemon formaldehyde and derivatives integration, 80,000/year of nmp, 20,000/year of the year.
In addition, in April 22, the company announced plans to invest $21.3 billion in high-technology and new material integration projects, including 900,000 tonnes/year of propane dehydration, 500,000 tonnes/year of polyetheric acid.
Ten thousand tonnes/year acrylic acid, 160,000 tonnes/year acrylate, 20,000 tonnes/year acrylic, 200,000 tonnes/year carbonate, 30,000 tonnes/year lubricant, air fractions, etc., and accompanying utility engineering and support facilities are being developed from mdi dragonheads to integrated chemical taps.
In view of the decline in the prices of corporate products, we have revised the company ' s profit forecast, and it is expected that the report will be prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and that the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Benefit Bonds (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed for any purpose in whole or part of the report.