q3 shows a decline in q3 performance over the same period, and does not change the long-term growth trend in the long run.
21.53% longer; net return to the mother 13.6 billion yuan, a decrease of 30.36% in the same year; net return to the non-return to the mother q3 performance decline in the same year q3 and earnings fall down. Company q3 achieved operating income of $4.1302 billion, an increase of 4.14% in the same year, a decline of 12.74% in the ring; net return to the mother 3.225 billion, a decline in the same year
If the global price increases for basic energy such as crude oil and natural gas are affected, the company’s major chemical, European, and energy costs rise sharply on a year-on-year basis, squeezing profits. Most of the major product prices fall, and raw material costs rise.
The prices of the combined mdi fell by 3.31 per cent and 8.22 per cent, respectively; in the ring ratio by 8.58 per cent and in the lower petrochemical products, the company achieved 2.83 million tons in the petrochemical series in the third quarter, and in the new materials, the company achieved 240,000 tons in the third quarter, an increase of 4.35 per cent in the ring.
The nylon 12 project was recently officially launched, with shareholders committed to maintaining it for the next six months. The current company’s 40,000-ton/year nylon 12 project, which is now officially operational and producing qualified products, marks the company’s becoming a company with the core technology of the nylon 12 chain and the capacity to manufacture production on a scale.
In addition, the company will continue to contribute to the construction of Van Wafjian, Sichuan Hills, Tobacco Stations, Punlai Industrial Park. The company announced on October 24 that the company's controlling shareholders are on the list of the Fung Group.
A demonstration of confidence in the strategic layout and long-term development of the company, with a commitment not to lose ground over the next six months Investment proposals: the company now forms a highly integrated, deeply integrated cluster of polyurethane, petrochemicals, fine chemicals and new materials through sustained and increased technological innovation
Expanding the internationalization landscape and deepening the construction of a system of excellence, firms are expected to continue to grow rapidly.
The “market index” of this rating system is based on 300 indexes of depth. I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association to produce this report in a diligent and professional manner, independently and objectively and to the extent that I know it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the company’s relevant business sectors, issuers, listed companies, etc.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report.