The downside performance of the product is still under pressure, and the downside is still growing, and the underlying chemical and chemical industries are still growing in reverse, with short-term cycle fluctuations that do not change the company’s long-term value.
Third Quarterly Report of the year: With the impact of high global energy prices, high inflation in Europe and the United States, a slowdown in global economic growth, and a sharp rise in the price of raw materials of the factors of production, companies achieved $13.420 billion in operating income in the first three quarters of 2022, an increase of 21.53 per cent over the same period.
The Division continues to operate under constant pressure, but continues to respond in a counterproductive manner, in line with established strategies and rapid response, to take full advantage of the full range of global channels, and to achieve the same growth in sales and prices of the major business portfolios. Demand levels continue to be low, and exports remain weak, with Mdi’s listing falling month by month.
In October 2022, the prices were improved. Polymerdi terminal consumption levels were weak, domestic demand from downstream households was dominated by a stock of finished products, and real estate was still in demand; pure mdi downstream, raw liquid loads of 3-4 per cent of the soles of shoes, and slurry companies started 3-4 per cent, with limited follow-up on the new list.
On the other hand, the advantage of overseas tdi devices is continuously being eroded, and supply and demand mismatches + arbitrage windows will help the city’s prices continue to increase significantly + exports. The rate of tdi’s start-up is now at a relatively high level, while stocks have remained at very low levels for almost two years.
The tdi source will remain tense, and we think that prices for the tdi will be higher than expected in the near future. China’s chemistry has 650,000 tons of global tdi capacity, and the tdi plant is currently being overhauled.
Humhua Chemistry (600309.sh) - Decreasing effects will contribute to high-quality development with sustained operational commitment to production and marketing synergies for the elimination of high-yielding products and the promotion of efficiency gains; fine chemicals, new materials, and fine chemicals.
In addition, projects such as company deployment of nuclear power, photovoltaics, lithium, etc., will be used for innovative energy use in the chemical industry.
The semi-annual report on chemistry-600309-2021 provides a reliable and up-to-date version of the Mandarin programme. The semi-annual performance report evaluation on chemistry-600309-2021: a single-season profit
Investment advice: maintain the “buy-in” rating. We expect the company to return to its parent net profit share in 2021-2023, move forward with the company’s long-term value, and we firmly hope that the company will build up a global workforce that will create a “buy-in” rating for the world’s leading new material production base.
Short-term cycle fluctuations do not change the company's long-term value by maintaining the “buy-in” rating. On the evening of 24 October 2022, the Mandarin Chemical Disclosure, Third Quarterly Report 2022, was influenced by high global energy prices, high inflation in Europe and America, a slowdown in the global economy, and a sharp rise in the price of raw materials for factors of production.
In the first three quarters of 2022, the company achieved business income of $13.420 billion, an increase of 21.53 per cent over the same period. In the third quarter, the company achieved business income of $41.302 billion, an increase of 4.14 per cent over the same period, and a net return profit of $32.25 billion, or 46.35 per cent over the same period.
Short-term cycle fluctuations will not change the company’s long-term value, and in the future, the chemical polyurethane business will continue to be centred on mdi, tdi, with a focus on the promotion of polyether and modified mdi.
In addition, companies have made progress in strategic planning for new materials, new energy sources, and many priority projects. We firmly believe that companies will build up a globalized industrial giant and become the world’s leading new material production base.
Polyurethane operations: short-term price volatility is significant and long-term mdi demand will continue to grow steadily
In March 2021, the company raised the price of mdi products. In March 2021, the demand was raised again.
The downstream is dominated by pre-consumption stock, while some installations, both in and out of the country, are gradually reproducing, with domestic polymer mdi, pure mdi, rising prices in the upfront period.
Prices stopped falling and the supply and demand structure of the market rebalanced. Since mid-August 2021, with the influence of the country’s energy consumption double-control, some plants have experienced a limited decline in their load: Shanghai Coth has been working to raise the price, and the supply side continues to control the delivery of goods in order to plan higher mdi prices in North America for some of the overseas plants; and the surge of hurricanes has hit the U.S. Basf and Hensme installations for early shutdown.
In January-February 2022, the price of mdi rebounded slightly, but then in March-September 2022, as demand levels continued to decline and exports remained weak.
In the case of polymer mdi, the recent fall of the domestic polymer mdi market after a rebound in the previous period, the price was negotiated at $16200-16300 per ton for the pm 200 and the price negotiated at Shanghai at $15800-16000 per ton.
This price has fallen by 23.44 per cent compared to the beginning of the year and by 25.03 per cent compared to the same period. At the demand end of the day, foreign countries are affected by high gas prices, end consumption levels are weak and downstream firms ' orders are slow to digest; downstream domestic demand is dominated by electricity digestion of the stock of finished products, and raw materials are followed up as contracted; real estate is still in demand, and downstream construction is free of demand.
On the pure mdi side, the price of pure mdi fell further after maintaining a short period of stability. The current Shanghai source collection contained $21,000-21,500 per tonne, and the import source collection concentrated $21,000-21,500 per ton (including tax drums on its own).
This represents a modest increase of 2.40% over the early year level and a decrease of 10.32% over the same period last year. On the demand side, the downstream ammonia industry started up a bit more than in the previous period, and there was a slight increase in the demand for terminal supplies in the autumn, resulting in an increase in the procurement of raw materials; the downstream tpu began a 50% increase in the overall load, with a slight increase in the end demand order compared to the previous period; and the lower base of the lower shoe.
Three to four percent, the plant delivered orders, the overall demand market recovered slowly, and the new list was still limited; downstream slurry looked, the pure mdi part of the demand warmed back and supported the raw material end. On the demand side, the aggregate mdi ' s downstream refrigerator, according to the China Business Institute, used electric ice throughout the country in 2021.
In addition, the overall demand in the external sector, such as walls and pipelines, is low, except for formaldehyde-free glue. In pure mdi downstream, the market for tpu, soles, polyurethane is growing steadily, and ammonia is gradually being put into production leading to pure mdi demand in the country.
In the long term, in terms of demand, the global demand for mdi has grown over the last 10 years, according to covestro. We see that medium- and long-term mdi supply and demand patterns are still good, and the spread of analized furniture will trigger an increase in demand for mdi.
One of the factors behind the price increase in tdi is the phase-out of some of the world ' s older production barriers and the negative growth in domestic production capacity in recent years. By the end of 2021, the total capacity of effective global production of tdi stood at 3.32 million tons, of which the Central African Republic had a total of 1.27 million tons (38.3 per cent of global total capacity), and China was the world ' s largest producer of tdi.
To learn about 650,000 tonnes of capacity (Hungarian bc+Hanhua Fukugi+Smoking) is about 20% of the world's total capacity; To learn about 400,000 tonnes of domestic capacity (Honghua Fukukian+Smoking) and 150,000 tonnes of final state-owned chemical capacity are 31% and 12% respectively of the country's total capacity. In recent years, the tdi industry's low performance has affected the growth and expansion of the tdi capacity.
It is planned to phase out or maintain long-term parking in some small-scale, cost-neutral devices, with negative growth in global and domestic production.
In 2020-2021, as a result of repeated global public health events, weather, installation failures, high cost of Japanese-Korean devices, the start-up of overseas installations has been affected in recent years, causing tension and instability in the supply of goods; and, at the same time, the gradual recovery of the global economy has boosted demand in consumer goods markets. The situation has changed in the first three quarters of 2022.
Global demand for tdi is weak, except for a significant increase in domestic new energy vehicles, a weak demand for soft furniture globally, persistent downward pressure on domestic real estate, and a weak global demand for tdi. However, it is affected by geopolitical conflicts, rising global energy prices, repeated fermentation of the epidemic, and the emergence of force majeure in some overseas installations, as well as suspension of engineering work.
The global supply side of the tdi is shrinking more than the demand side. This time Europe has been affected by 600,000 tons of capacity (Basfa+Cos) – 18%. tdi price increases factor three: the advantage of overseas tdi devices is steadily weakening, and supply and demand mismatches + arbitrage windows will help.
In January-August 2022, Chinese exports totalled 220,000 tons, a decrease of 10.54 per cent, or 60 per cent of last year’s total exports. At this stage, the operation of the tdi device is relatively stable (about 3,500 yuan/tonne gross profit).
The global costs and prices of tdi remain low and will continue to take on the burden of global supply in the coming months. It is our understanding that global price convergence will lead to further improvements in domestic tdi prices; and that, along with the continued rigidity of overseas supply and a gradual recovery in the marginality of economic activity, the post-market (September-December) export volume of tdi is expected to grow significantly.
4) tdi supply and demand gap measurement: Between 2018 and 2021, the capacity of the country to produce tdi was 6.0 per cent of domestic consumption of tdi (840,000 tonnes) and 3.8 per cent of domestic production of tdi (13.3 million tonnes), respectively, and the rate of start-up of tdi is now at a high level, while stocks have remained at very low levels for almost two years.
With a hold on, the tdi source will remain tense, and we're looking forward to an over-expected increase in the price of tdi in the near future. Huge chemicals are ready to produce 650,000 tons of tdi capacity worldwide, and the smoke station estate tdi installations are currently under repair.
The company now owns 100 tons of ethylene, 750,000 tons of acrylic production, and will continue to develop its unique advantages downwards, high water resins, saps, new quintocol npg, polyether polyols,
More sophisticated and higher-value-added products such as mibk, amphetone, and we appreciate that the company will continue its lpg/butane business model and gradually become a cluster of major petrochemical industries. Project planning, 22 February 2022, HCB New Materials Ltd., propane/butane caves
On 4 March 2022, the Fuzhou City Eco-Environment Bureau proposed to approve an environmental impact assessment for the Vanhua Chemical (Fukuon) Terminal Co. Ltd. tank area project. It was planned that the project would have 1.05 million tonnes of benzene per year, and that the project would be completed with an annual turnover of 1.05 million tons of benzene.
450,000 tons of benzidine, 1.2 million tons of salin, 400,000 methanol. Fine chemicals, new materials business: invigorating companies.
In other areas, such as applications; in areas such as epoxy sequestering for the company ' s special operations and gradually expanding to new applications such as wind-based composites, seams, etc.; in the production phase of the pc-II device, with a supply capacity of 210,000 tonnes/year, further technological improvements will be made in the future; and in the ip-ipn-ipda-ipdi industrial chain, full reproduction was achieved in 2020.
The product portfolio was enriched; priority projects such as nylon 12 were well advanced by nodes; in April 2021, the environmental impact report for the Mandarin Chemical Lemon and Derivative Integration Project had been published. In addition, the company ' s first phase of the plastic transformation project, which had been developed in the Sichuan Mayo Regulations, had been officially launched, with two volumes of 60,000 pbat biodegradable polyesters and 10,000 tons of lithium electricity.
In recent years, the company’s fine chemistry, with a steady supply, has increased its competitiveness. In the long term, we firmly believe that the company will build a global workforce and become a new global leader.
Production base, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. Schedule: Financial forecasting and valuation. Author's assurance that the data used in the report are from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author's professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion,
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author