On December 22, the company announced that the company's controlling subsidiary, Huanhua Chemical (Fukuon) Isocyanate Co. Ltd.
The annual production of 400,000 tons of mdi devices is fully functional, and on December 22, the production of 10,000 tons of eligible products will be completed, and the company will have 3 million tons of mdi capacity, and the voice and status of the industry will be further enhanced. According to the Banchon Yushu, the average price of polymer mdi in the first half of 2022 will be $20327 per year.
Three quarters later, the price of polymer mdi fell to the current 14,200 yuan per ton, 1. " Price fall-back drives down performance and looks forward to long-term success " , and the price of pure mdi to the current $16350 per ton, with a historical fraction of 17.4 per cent.
2. “Menwater Chemical Depth Report III: Richadi Industries” is expected to improve company mdi earnings as the economy recovers, planning 1.2 million tons of ethylene projects to contribute to new growth.
3. " Raw materials uplifts Māori rates, as a follow-up investment of US$ 17.6 billion, with the name of the investment target: Mandu Chemical 1.2 Mt./Neptune ethylene and downstream high-end polyolefin hydrocarbons projects, industrialization of autonomously developed high-end polyolefin products such as poe, differentials, etc.,
The Ethylene Phase II project will select ethane and quartz oil as feedstocks and create efficient synergies with the company ' s existing pdh integration project and the Ethylene Phase I project.
The company is developing projects that focus on new materials and solutions for high-end chemical industries, new technologies such as new and emerging materials, such as carbon neutral and related technologies, polyurethane foam reduction, etc.
Projects such as derecycling, degradable materials and key monolithic, high performance materials (Niron 12, special pc, poe, optical pmma, etc.), new energy storage and battery materials, separation and purity.
The risk of downside product prices and large fluctuations in raw material prices; the pace of new projects is not as high as expected; new materials are yangyiying@gjzg.com.cn
An analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market and then an average calculation of the final rating as an average market investment