Quantified chemistry (600309.sh) Quite frankly, real estate policies are improving, waiting for mdi's needs to improve.
The main downstream application of mdi is construction- and home-based electricity-related, and since November, good property-profit policies have intensified, boosting property-chain confidence, and it is expected that upstream material demand will gradually improve. Energy prices in Europe have risen, mdi costs abroad have risen, and corporate exports are expected to increase.
The company is a global mdi locomotive, followed by new production and innovation, accelerated growth of petrochemicals and new material plates, strong overall industry chain layout, promising prospects for sustaining “buy-in” property policies, promising to boost mdi consumption: mdi downstream consumption is mainly related to real estate.
Industry, since November, the good news of real estate policy has been published intensely, promising to boost confidence in the property chain, which is at an annual low level. As confidence in the property chain is restored, we see a deep rebound in mdi’s demand.
The upturn in gas prices, the Dutch price of ttf gas futures at Euro126.5/megawatt hour, voy+35.80 per cent. Europe ' s mdi production capacity accounts for 23 per cent of global total capacity. We believe that the increase in natural gas prices will raise the cost of mdi overseas, the output of offshore installations may be affected, and the company ' s export stock of mdi is expected to increase, with prices expected,
The product mix is rich in construction projects and new material layouts are gradually taking shape: in recent years, companies have continued to expand mdi production capacity, with new touring capacity released from 2023, and Ningbo technologies have been replaced by 600,000 tons of mdi, and new constructions have been built in Fujian.
In addition, the company increased its R & D and production efforts in petrochemical and new material sections, with the company ' s 40,000 nylon 12 installations in October 2022 and 480,000 in November.
The continuous breakthrough in new material block technology reflects the firm’s strong R & D capabilities and technological reserves. Following this, the company’s 48,000 tonnes/year Lemon Aldehyde and Derivative Integration Project, the 80,000/year Nmp Project, and 20,000 tonnes/year.
In addition, in April 22, the company announced plans to invest $21.3 billion in high-technology and new material integration projects, including 900,000 tonnes/year of propane dehydration, 500,000 tonnes/year of polyetheric acid.
Ten thousand tonnes/year acrylic acid, 160,000 tonnes/year acrylate, 20,000 tonnes/year acrylic, 200,000 tonnes/year carbonate, 30,000 tonnes/year lubricant, air fractions, etc., and accompanying utility engineering and support facilities are being developed from mdi dragonheads to integrated chemical taps.
Profit forecasts: We maintain the company ' s profit projections, and it is expected that the report will be implemented separately for 22/23/24 years, by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and that the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Benefit Bonds (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose.