On December 13, the company issued an outward investment announcement to implement the ethylene 2nd phase in a smoke station industrial park, to build 1.2 million tonnes of ethylene/year and downstream high-end polyolefins, and to achieve autonomous development of poe,
Industrialization of high-end polyolefin products, such as the speciality for differentiation. $ 0340518040001 to further enhance competitiveness by investing in the high-end polyolefin project.
The downstream high-end products in the domestic ethylene industry are heavily dependent on imports, and polyethylene elastomers are an important component of new chemical materials, with high-end polyolefin products such as polyolefins (poe) and non-differentiated specialized materials being highly dependent on imports. After years of autonomous technology development, companies are fully equipped with the relevant technology.
The planning project covers approximately 1215 acres and consists mainly of construction of 1.2 million tonnes/year ethylene fission device, 250,000 tonnes/year low density polyethylene (ldpe) device, 2 x 200,000 tonnes/year polyolefin elastomer (poe) device, 200,000 tonnes/year butadiene device, 550,000 tonnes/year crack gasoline plus hydrogen unit (containing 30,000 tonnes/year crack)
On December 13, 2022, styrene was pumped into 400,000 tonnes/year aromatic pumping units, as well as supporting engineering and utility facilities.
The project has been approved by the Provincial Development and Reform Commission of Shandong Province and is expected to start production in October 2024. The mdi and tdi prices are down compared to the end of the three quarters, looking at the recovery of demand from the rehabilitation of the real estate market.
As of December 13, the reference price fraction for polymer mdi/pure mdi/tdi is weak, while the supply side is either shut down or reduced, and the industry is currently in a weak state of supply and demand. With our real estate support policy, real estate, home homes, etc.
Markets are expected to be repaired gradually to benefit mdi, tdi demand and price recovery. Investment advice: the company now forms a deep integrated cluster of polyurethane, petrochemicals, fine chemicals and new materials, expanding through sustained technological innovation, continuous extension of the industrial chain and expansion
High-end product production, companies will further strengthen their position and achieve sustained development. Publicity is expected to lead to less than expected export risks; domestic macroeconomic recovery is less than expected; prices of raw materials are high; industry competition increases risks; construction and construction projects are not proceeding as fast as expected;
The rating system's “market index” is based on 300 indexes. I have a qualification or considerable professional competence in portfolio investment advice granted by the Chinese Securities Association, and I have been able to do so independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner.
This report is produced with knowledge. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.