On October 45, the company published a three-quarterly report, which generated revenues of 41,784 million yuan, a year-on-year increase.
The price of polyurethane, petrochemicals is further in the third quarter, the demand support is insufficient to drive the sales down, the overall performance of the ring is lower. In the third quarter, the company's overall sales were relatively good, but sales of polyurethane and petrochemical products were somewhat lower, and polyurethane production was relatively low.
1.7 million tons (5.82 per cent year-on-year, ring ratio - 4.46 per cent) and 2.83 million tons of petrochemical sales (combined pressure); above this, the average quarterly sales price of the company's bulk products also showed a clear return.
Moderate, polyurethane ring 7.18 per cent below and petrochemical ring 17.73 per cent below; however, energy prices remain high in the country for the last three quarters, while raw material prices have declined, the price differentials have also suffered a certain backlog.
The polyurethane short-term pressure, the fine-chemical plate accelerates the break-through in new material fields, and the range continues to grow steadily. Compared to large blocks, the fine-tuning of companies has recently made good progress, and many of the products such as poe are being tested.
Products such as lemon formaldehyde are being scaled up, while recently the 40,000-ton nylon 12 project has been launched 4. " Main business maintains a high profile, future growth can produce qualified products, companies are increasing their layout in terms of product diversification as a whole, and new products are being developed. "
On the other hand, the company continues to highlight the technological strength of the industry, and, in terms of overall solidity, engineering 5. “Performance is what is expected, growth is achievable - [country] capacity, cost optimization, and the synergies in the industrial chain are obvious advantages that companies can say have gradually gained.
In the same state as in the third quarter, where overall performance is clearly constrained, the sales of new material plates by the same ring have increased and will gradually increase in the future in terms of spreading risk. Long-term scale-building is expected to drive companies to grow.
The amount is already relatively large, and in the future the company will continue to have the layout of the petrochemical and polyurethane projects, and while the rate of increase will not be particularly significant compared to the size of the company, the new projects will drive public Chenyi3@gjzq.com.cn in the long run.
yangyiying@gjzq.com.cn’s short-term performance is influenced by low price differentials and inadequate demand support, and there is still room for sustained growth in the long term.
Wang Minghui, an analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market, then averaged the final rating and built it as an average market investment.