We're going to have a new step in the birth of the mdi dragon.
Incident: On December 22, the company announced that its subsidiary Fujian Wanhua Production 400,000 tons of mdi devices had been fully functional and produced qualified products to achieve a one-time drive success. Quote: A success in Fujian Construction of 400,000 tons of mdi devices marked the company’s ability to produce a further step in production.
In the face of high overseas energy prices and restrictions on starting work, corporate-market power is expected to rise further, and the global position of mdi is consolidated. Not only is the company planning for a significant amount of new production in polyurethane, but it also continues to build up in petrochemical plate layouts.
The company is moving from a global mdi dragon to an integrated chemical giant, promisingly maintaining a “buy-in” rating. Fujian base has come into operation, with capacity of over 3 million tons: 400,000 tons of mdi production was released at Fujian base.
The company’s mdi production capacity will be increased from 2.65 million to 3.05 million tons, further consolidating its leader status. The company’s Fujian base, in addition to polyurethane, is also equipped with petrochemical and new materials products, and is expected to become a full-scale industrial park for the company’s smoke station.
After completion in 2023, the postnatal company will increase production capacity by an additional 600,000 tons. Europe is currently subject to high energy prices, and the polyurethane device is operating at a low capacity, and the company is expected to take advantage of the opportunity to expand global market access.
The average price was RMB 146,000 per ton, Yoy-26 per cent, qoq-6 per cent; the average price for pure mdi was RMB 188,000 per ton, and when the number of infections in the country fell, we looked at the impact of mdi's demand, the company's Ethylene II project announcement, the multi-dimensional layout was developed: the company also held the petrochemical and new material plates.
Continued energy, December 14, company announced ethylene II plans to invest $17.6 billion in the construction of 1.2 million tonnes/yearly ethylene and downstream high-end polyolefins; the projects included 1.2 million tonnes/year ethylene cracking, 250,000 tonnes/year low-density polyethylene (ldpe) devices, 2 x 200,000 tonnes/year polyethylene elastics
(poe) Devices, 200,000 tonnes/year butadiene units, 550,000 tonnes/year crack gas-hydrogens (containing 30,000 tonnes/year styrene pumping), 400,000 tonnes/year aromatic aromatic pumping units and ancillary engineering and utility facilities, the project is expected to begin production on a continuous basis in October 2024.
In addition, the Ethylene II project is expected to break the long-standing foreign monopoly in the field of high-end polyolefin poe and fill the domestic gap in high-end polyolefin products.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong), Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare this report is reliable, but the information in this report has not been independently verified.