Volcanic chemistry: a small drop in mdi ' s listed prices, accelerated layout of battery materials Investment rating: purchase (maintenance) mdi in low short-term price shocks in the light season of demand, expected long-term demand improvement of property margins
The mdi needs are short-term and low-priced. Due to the temperature, the north wall heating pipelines are largely suspended, and the pipelines are in a reduced demand for heating materials. And, in the event of repeated outbreaks, the company prices compare to 300 deep.
Other needs have also been affected to varying degrees, with the production of 6.9 million refrigerators in October 2022, a decline of 9.7 per cent compared to the previous year, and the ring, a decline of 13.7 per cent.
On November 28, the CSRC decided to adjust five measures to optimize equity financing: 1) to restore the M & A and the accompanying financing of listed companies. 2) to restore refinancing of listed and listed companies. 3)
Market policy in the off-shore market for good real estate enterprises. 4) Further develop the role of realts as real estate holdings. 5) Actively play the role of private equity investment fund.
We're looking at a promising improvement in the start and completion of real estate next year. The property chain is the largest application area downstream of chemicals, with more than 70% of the applications of polymer mdi in the property chain, and the future of the property chain, polymer mdi and tdi are expected to benefit.
• Integration of internal and external resources for battery materials, recent production of new materials, Establishment of Battery Technology Ltd., in cooperation with Tibet Mining, integration of upstream resources for lithium electricity. The company's lithium electric material process went well, with the acquisition of smoke station korium in 2020, based on the original plant and technology.
In early 2022, 10,000 tons of positive materials were produced, and 50,000 tons of phosphate lithium were also under construction. Recently, the company, in collaboration with the Tibetan mining industry, established a joint laboratory for the development and production of salt lake high-value-added products, with the prospect of future production of salt lake lithium and materials.
1. Short-term demand has been weak in performance, long-term production capacity and resource recovery have closed the entire industrial chain, building stronger profit pillars for salt lake development.
2. One of the depths of the chemistry series: mdi makes a profit of $1.8 billion. The battery technology company will be set up to further integrate the company’s resources internally, focusing on taking advantage of the market and compensating for the lack of upstream lithium resources.
3. Ethylene II approval, Poe planning capacity, in addition to other new material projects of the company, is in the process of being successfully operational. In October 2022, the company ' s 40,000-ton p12 project was successfully launched, making it the second global owner of p12.
In November 2022, the 480,000-ton biphenola project became operational, marking the completion of the company ' s bpa-pc industry-wide chain and laying the groundwork for further expansion of the future pc project. 50,000-ton phosphate lithium project is expected to start production in the first half of 2023, and 48,000-ton lemon ellipse project is expected to begin production in the first half of 2023
In the second half of 2023, the production of new materials will be successfully completed and the project will be developed on a continuous basis for the company (1) at a slower pace than expected; (2) at a less advanced stage of project approval than expected;
(3) Risk of significant price fluctuations in raw materials: Use of legally compliant information, independent and objective presentation of the present report. Data and information used in the present report are from open market information, and I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of such information, nor do I guarantee that the information and recommendations contained in the report will not change in any way.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.