American group (000333) Household appliances Improved profitability, equity incentives, confidence, South-West Securities Research and Development Center
Summary of performance: In 2021, the company achieved a revenue of $343.36 billion, an increase of 20.2 per cent, and a net profit of $28.570 billion, an increase of 5 per cent. In the single quarter, q4 companies achieved a revenue of $80.420 billion, an increase of 18.3 per cent, and a net profit of $5.12 billion, a decrease of 1.7 per cent, a decline of 1.7 per cent in 2022.
During the reporting period, the company continued its user-centred strategic transformation, insisting on the four strategic axes of science and technology leading to the simultaneous re-emergence of Tob and Toc operations.
Among them, by product, technology, building technology, robotics, and automation and digital innovation are steadily moving forward with high-end brands. The corporate brand, Colom, continues to operate in high-end markets, and is already in the initial stages.
A leading high-end smart life programme in the global electricity and electricity market achieved sales of over $4 billion over the reporting period, an increase of 300 per cent over the same period. According to avc data, Colmo products rose significantly in 2021 at the high end of the market, with 36 per cent of air conditioners, more than 20 per cent of air conditioners and water purification products, and a roller wash.
In addition, Colom has over 300 full-scale study halls and 40 study galleries, and the domestic market now has almost 7,000 shops and nodes. • Accelerating global breakthroughs and enhancing overseas home-grown operations.
In 2021, more than 43,000 new overseas branding outlets were added, bringing the total to more than 150,000. On the online side, companies have moved to more than 10 home-grown power-market platforms in Europe and the United States, with a 65 per cent increase in sales to overseas power suppliers during the reporting period.
With a 3 per cent decline in size compared to 2020, the backside of retail revenue from Toshiba electric power grew by 9 per cent, with a combined market share of 12.5 per cent in the six major categories, while the market share of individual items, such as air conditioners, refrigerators, washing machines, microwaves and electric rice, continued to grow.
Short-term pressure on profitability. During the reporting period, the company combined Māori rate was 22.5 per cent, and 3. The U.S. group (000333): b., c., business and development, leading by strong online channels.
Stock incentives show confidence. Companies issue equity incentive schemes and restricted stock incentives.
We're guessing that the company's policy of overvaluation and product structure is optimized to smooth down the risk of price volatility and profitability of raw materials.
In terms of cost rates, the cost of corporate sales was 8.4 per cent, down 0.6 pp, down by 0.6 pp, down 5.8 per cent, down 0.1 pp, down by 0.1 per cent, down 1.3 per cent, down 0.1 pp, down by 0.1 per cent, upscaling of corporate control costs and improving operational capacity.
The company, as a white power pole, has an excellent governance capacity and a steady push for a diversified layout, has not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for its specific recommendations or views in this report. Southwest Securities Holdings Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the China Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.