The American group (0003333.sz) Wang Wei Chul has collected 80.42 billion yuan, yoy + 18.3 per cent, resulting in a net gain of 5.12 billion yuan, yoy-1.7 per cent for the mother.
The company also published a quarterly report in 2022, with 22q1 earning 90.940 billion yuan, yoy + 9.5%, with a net return of 7.18 billion yuan and yoy + 11%, slightly better than we expected. Overseas-channel transformation drives growth, domestic recovery is visible, and high-end and young brands are active: (1)
Subregionally, in 2021, the company achieved revenues of $2036.6 billion and $137.7 billion, respectively, both domestic and foreign, to facilitate the transition of overseas channels to retail terminals and the distribution of power lines, with faster growth: (2) Sub-products, the company ' s heating air conditioning, consumer appliances, robotics, respectively, in 2021.
The company's high-end colom collection in 2021 was over $4 billion, an increase of 300 per cent over the previous year, and the company's fancy brands for young people are also fully powered by the full range of household electricity.
More than 5.5 billion, over 200 percent more than the same year, and in addition, Kuka and Delemfort signed a number of large orders, and the demand for robotics in electric car manufacturing was strong, and the robotic business continued to grow over time, and we looked forward to the company's continued strength in the three business blocks of the future.
The rise in raw material prices affected Māori performance in 2021, but will improve gradually: the company ' s Māori fell by 0.8 percentage points to 22.2 per cent in 2021, mainly due to changes in accounting standards, and transport costs were split between sales costs, mainly lower sales costs and administrative costs.
Incentives for full coverage and long-term combinations will guarantee the company ' s continued steady development: the company will also publish four phases of the incentive scheme (the ninth stock options scheme, the 2022 restricted equity incentive scheme, the eighth core management team holding scheme and the fifth business partnership holding scheme).
Profit forecasts and investment proposals: We expect companies to achieve net profits separately in 2022 and 2023 Risk increases: the impact of the epidemic is higher than expected; demand is much lower; prices of raw materials are higher; exchange rate waves are higher; this report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. Investments in Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. are not personal clients. This report cannot be reproduced or reissued or reissued.
All or part of the report is printed for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare the report is reliable, but the information in the report has not been independently verified for audit.