America’s Group (000333.sz) Air conditioners are strong, Kuka's performance is impressive, the Group discloses the company’s annual report. The United States Group achieved business income in 2021.
343,361 million yuan, an increase of 20.18 per cent in the same year. The net profit from the deduction of non-repatriation to a business income of 90,934 million yuan, an increase of 9.54 per cent in the same year.
And in the market pattern of double-hatted sales, the vertical efficiency of the offline channels continues to increase, and the market share of the American group air conditioners increases. According to the Ovie Clouds data, the American group air conditioners are on and off the line.
The market share is first in two places, and the market share on and below the line is $1 billion, an increase of 17.05% over the same period.
In terms of customer structure, the Kuka’s customer structure has improved continuously, and other industries have outperformed the traditional automobile industry, which includes electric vehicles, engineering machinery, and new energy.
In the area of automobiles, domestic and domestic automobile customers have grown by more than the same time than in the light rain.
At the profit end, influenced by rising maritime prices and higher raw materials, public rainyxy (microsign) Zhou Xiaolong
The gross profit rate has declined. In the first quarter of 2022, influenced by product prices, the total gross profit rate of the company eziochou (micro signal) rose to 22.66%, representing a 0.62 percentage increase over the same period.
At the end of the future, at the end of c., as corporate channels reform continues, it is expected that the communications and consumer appliances business will maintain a steady growth trend; and
At the end, as new businesses like corporate elevators, Kukas, etc. flourish, the future robotics and automated systems will gradually become the new growth pole of the company. The American group discloses the company’s annual report.
The net profit from deductions rose to 25,929 million yuan, an increase of 5.34 per cent over the same period. Of this amount, companies earned 90,934 million yuan in the first quarter of 2022, an increase of 9.54 per cent over the same period. The net profit from deductions from deductions was 6,993 million yuan, an increase of 5.17 per cent over the same period.
In 2021, the company’s Tob and Toc operations went hand in hand. The company’s five business portfolios, the industrial, technological, technological, robotic and automated, and digital innovation operations reported revenues of 23.4 billion yuan, 20.1 billion yuan, 19.7 billion yuan, 25.3 billion yuan, and 8.3 billion yuan, respectively, an increase of 13 per cent, 44 per cent, 55 per cent, 23 per cent, respectively.
In the case of smart households, the market advantage of the company’s core product air conditioning continues to be maintained, and sales are growing steadily. According to data published by the Electrical Industry Information Centre, the retail sales in the air conditioning market are $154.5 billion, an increase of 4.8 per cent over the same period.
According to the Ovienet data, the market share on and below the American air-conditioning line is first double, and the market share on and below the line is 34.6% and 36.0%, respectively. In 2021, companies generated $141,879 million in operating income from heating and air-conditioning.
In addition, the Ministry of Technology and Technology has been growing faster. In 2021, US technology brought down more than a thousand centrifuges, with a total cold capacity of more than 1.2 million cold tons, marking a breakthrough in foreign technology barriers.
In 2021, the company’s Science and Technology Department generated 19.7 billion yuan, a 55% increase. The Ministry of Robotics and Automation has also made great strides.
A new operating system, iiqka.os, was launched at the Hanover Industrial Fair to greatly simplify robotic manipulation. The company also signed a new cooperative framework agreement with the Daimler Group, further extending its long-standing partnership, with orders for thousands of robots, production lines, and bank card software controllers.
In terms of customer structure, Kuka’s customer structure has improved continuously. Other industries have sold more than traditional automobiles.
Clients grew by more than 100 per cent over the same period; in the first quarter of 2022, companies achieved business income of RMB 90.940 billion, an increase of 9.5 per cent over the same period, and their performance grew steadily.
In the first quarter of 2022, the company’s profits increased steadily, as a result of product price increases. In the first quarter of 2022, the net profit on the company’s deduction was $6,993 million, an increase of 5.17 per cent over the same period, maintaining an overall upward trend.
Looking to the future, at the end of c, traditional heating and consumer appliance operations are expected to maintain a steady growth trend as corporate channels reform continues, and at the end of b, as new operations such as corporate elevators and Kuka flourish, future robotics and automated systems will gradually become new growth poles for companies.
This report is based on publicly available information considered reliable by the GWK, which includes, but is not limited to, a wide range of channels such as corporate publicity, housing sector websites, Internet access, but which does not guarantee the complete accuracy and completeness of the information contained in it. For reasons of time and calibre, the content of this report may differ from the actual situation of the enterprise, for which the GWK is concerned, and for which the GWL is concerned.
The purpose of this report is to provide an impartial and objective response to business operations. In any event, the information or views expressed in this report do not constitute any recommendation to any institution or individual.
The information contained in this report, the tools, the opinions and the property rights of this report are in the hundreds of thousands of Han think tanks.