White house power b endc business is strong and performance is growing steadily
Events: American groups published annual reports 2021 and quarterly reports 2022, and in 2021, the company became a business owner, Li Conghua, and returned to the mother with a net profit of $5.118 billion, a decrease of 1.66 per cent. 2022q1 achieved operating income.
90,381 million yuan, representing an increase of 9.55 per cent over the same period, resulting in a net return profit of $7,178 million for the same period.
Consumers earned $131,866 million, an increase of 15.78 per cent, and robotics and automation systems were evident. The Ovi Clouds data show that in 2021 the company ranked its share of the market on and off the domestic line for seven of the 25 major household electrical categories: air conditioners, dry clothes, electric rice, etc.
Subregionally, the distribution structure of the domestic market continues to be optimized, with a billion yuan increase of 13.69 per cent over the reporting period, representing a 40.34 per cent increase in revenue. The growth rate of 22q1 companies has slowed, and we believe that the main reason is the impact of the epidemic.
2.63pc, we believe that the main reasons are price increases for raw materials, changes in accounting standards, etc. Sub-products, HAC, consumer appliances, and Māori separate companies for robotics and automated systems introduced a new round of equity incentives.
:: Launch of the ninth equity options incentive scheme (total proposed stock options of 109 million, earmarked funds of 159 million dollars) and the eighth global partnership equity plan (to be earmarked funds of 212 million dollars), covering core managers, department executives and core operations
Bones, well-developed long-term incentive programs that bring corporate and business interests into line. Investment proposals: America’s conglomerates are white-telephone companies, with strong top-to-end advantages, a large market for tob-end business, income, Lee Conghua, a master’s degree in business administration, and joined the Investment Research Department of the Galaxy Securities Institute in 2018 to carry out research in the home appliances sector.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.