The proposed acquisition of the power side storage of the KLA electronic layout, and the trend in the b end of the operation is clear: on 23 May 2022, US signed a share subscription agreement with KLA electronics to be a non-public group (000333)
At the same time, the United States signed an agreement with the China Electronics Control Group in Shenzhen at a price of $6.64/share.
It is an international integrated energy service provider whose business covers, among other things, smart power grids.
\triangleright In terms of operational structure: 2021, sub-operations in the field of electronic power grids/storage/integrated energy management, in terms of the company ' s operational advantages: In terms of the wide application of science-based electronics smart grid products to national electricity
Networks, Southern grids, etc., also cover Africa, Asia and the Pacific, South America, Europe, etc.; in 2021, the storage industry and electronics were heavily deployed in overseas markets and have achieved bulk delivery of grid-level energy products in North America, Africa, Australia, etc.; in addition, they are charged in new energy vehicles.
On the whole, it has the capacity to provide comprehensive services ranging from power supply, distribution, storage, use to operation maintenance.
The U.S.’s corporate storage energy products were marketed in Europe, and the acquisition of U.S.-based electronics has further improved the layout of the Division’s industrial and industrial energy storage units along the side of its storage operations.
Over the years, network operations have accumulated resources, both domestic and foreign, such as electricity grids, industrial and mining enterprises, and urban buildings, and are expected to expand their operations in collaboration with American storage facilities, both within and outside the country, through channels, products, and brands. At the same time, ground-based electronic charge-post operations may further improve the layout of new American energy-car-related products.
B-side business transformation has accelerated. Over the last two years, America's B-side business has increased significantly in its intra-group priorities, and companies have continued to expand into new energy vehicles, photovoltaic storage, and energy through the acquisition of integration.
Robotics, medical, etc., accelerate the group’s transformation from traditional home-based to industrial technology enterprises. We believe that the beauty of the United States, with its accumulated research and development, manufacturing, supply chain management, procurement, marketing, and channel advantage over the years, is expected to achieve the group while maintaining the smooth running of the home-owned power industry.
Internal synergized development, digging for more growth points in the Tob transformation process. Profit forecasting and investment ratings: in the case of end-of-services, we believe that America’s steady growth of domestic electricity is achieved through high-end, landscape-based approaches, and overseas markets through oem and autonomy.
It's a brand that raises the market share. At the same time, the company keeps increasing the layout of its b-side business, seizing the opportunities for a transformation of the track such as high-end Sunda S.A., photovoltaic storage, new energy vehicles, etc.
In the city of Beijing, in the west corner of the city, building No. 9, House No. 1, is helping speed up operations at the end of the company.
Risk factors: The epidemic affects consumer electricity consumption demand, the cost of raw materials, the scarcity of chips, high shipping costs, unanticipated overseas ownership branding, large exchange rate fluctuations, b-end operations, unexpected, new energy vehicles/photo policy subsidies, etc.
In July 2020, we joined the CSVC in a non-relationship, non-relationship, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views contained in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.