China Air Shen Fei (600,760): Stand firm, China Air Shen Fei, and in 2017 the company was reassembled into Shen Fei Group.
In recent times, China’s Shen Fei stock prices have been falling, and we've been able to harvest 15 pieces of pussy. We've been recoupling 100% of this stock, and the main business has been changed into a striker and protection against Shen Fei’s current state of affairs and market noises, saying that there is no basic behind Shen Fei’s fall.
Production of equipment. The Shen Fei Group’s main production force has deteriorated, performing less than expected, and even with declining stock prices, foreign holdings have included three-to-one, three-to-one-to-one, three-and-a-half-generation jets.
In our view, it may be more market faults to keep stock prices falling - 16, 4-generation strikers - 31. The “sheep effect” caused by misinformation and the short-term return of part of the financial outflows.
The next firm recommendation was the white horse in the white horse of the military industrial unit, and the mainstream airships in the mainstream, 1 - The company is largely well-oriented and has a year-round performance that, from the follow-up, Shen Fei is now in an extraordinary historical cycle, with three excellent aircraft on the parade.
In the first half of the year, the company achieved a net profit of $431 million, a huge increase of 331.68 per cent, which is already higher than last year's performance at the main military factory.
We've got a formal project, supported by a project development cost, and we're on track to speed up the breakthrough. We predict that if we go on board the ship, we might need a two-cargo battle group in the future.
80-90 chopsticks-31, excluding foreign trade export orders, are located in the same position as F-35, and if the fc-31 foreign trade and shipping routes are smooth, it is likely to be a source of financial prosperity for the East.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom3 and the expected replacement value of the mainframe plant are over five years, and the military pays at a “tentative price” because of the proliferation of new layers of equipment that make it difficult to confirm the price of equipment. Five years later, the model has passed through a bulk production base.
This matures, the “tentative price” will be converted to “final pricing,” and the resulting large-scale surcharge revenue will be the gift package received by the military firm. Subsequent normal deliveries will guarantee a reasonable level of profit for the military and the market will be able to solve the problem of “no gain” that has been questioned.
In our judgement, both types of aircraft are now likely to be phased in to the stage of formal price enforcement after delivery of the officially scheduled product, with the price of the validation usually higher than the provisional price, with the next 2-3 years or the prospect of entering into the difference compensation period for both types of aircraft, while implementing higher audited prices on their own, which are equivalent to an increase in the price of the product, and the company's future performance is expected to accelerate release.
4. China’s Shen Fei performance has now been reduced to a smooth price formation mechanism and a cost-concentration system, which will promote greater cost management by enterprises, eliminate some financial constraints, and free up profit margins. Taking into account the 5-10% net interest rate level of foreign military and industrial enterprises, the net profit level of companies is expected to release a double the elasticity of performance in the long run without changing the size of their income.
In the first half of the year, the company achieved a net profit growth of 331% over the same period, with a strong degree of certainty over the next few years with the growth in the performance of the priority model. Large military replenishments are expected to be in place next year, with further optimization of fc-31 and a breakthrough in drone products. Over 30% of performance over the next three years will be determined. Market value space forecast: the present city is the source of financial prosperity in the East.
Master's degree from the Hong Kong Polytechnic University, six years of experience in securities, employment in China, the Great Wall, and membership in the East Hing Securities Corps in 2017.
B.A., University of Electronics and Technology, and Master of Arts, Central University of Finance, joined the East Hing Securities in 2019.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of these information, nor of any change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes. Information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the sale of the securities in question, and any investment made by the investor on that basis.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make easy the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.