Balanced delivery continued to progress, with year-round steady growth - three-quarterly review of mid-flight Shen Fei (600,760) 2019. On October 29, the company issued a three-quarterly report of 2019, yielding business income of $15.890 billion, an increase over the previous year.
37.07 per cent; net return to mother ' s profit of $620 million, an increase of 98.37 per cent over the same period. \triangleright achieved a significant improvement in performance as a result of the implementation of balanced delivery
In the first three quarters of 2019, operating income was 15,890 million yuan, an increase of 37.07 per cent in the same year; net return to mothers was 620 million yuan, an increase of 98.37 per cent in the same year; the significant increase in performance was due to the balanced delivery and increase in sales of corporate products. In the first quarter, q3 received $4,606 million, a decrease of 13.68 per cent in the same year;
The net profit of the mother was $190 million, a decrease of 10.91 per cent from the previous year, a slight decrease due to the level of production of the balanced production during the year, the sole platform for the launch of the striker, fc-31, which is expected to be strong, and the company's official name was changed on 12 January 2018 to “Silver”, which marks the introduction of the Shen Fei Group as a whole into the market.
The company was successfully completed as the only market platform for a striker. Core products include heavy-duty aircraft-11, aircraft-15, heavy-duty bombers-16, and four-generation fc-31. According to the fc-31 model displayed in the latest Paris air show, experts assume that it has been replaced with a new engine that will help it to function as a ship carrier.
In addition to the ship’s expectations, we believe that fc-31’s potential for future foreign trade is also to be expected. By that time, the Department is expected to increase its performance significantly through four-generation aircraft.
According to the latest White Paper, China’s Defense of the New Age, our share of the cost of equipment has risen to 41% of the defence force’s costs, and will in the future accelerate the phase-out of old and old equipment and the loading process of new major battle equipment.
In addition, Shen Fei's performance is expected to grow rapidly, subject to cost-added systems, and Shen Fei will continue to increase in future profits as a scavenging machine's main company.
The company is the only platform on the market for domestic strikers, benefiting from the gradual build-up of future military aircraft.
To promote balanced production, Shen Fei’s performance is stable by 40x and 34x, with a “recommended” rating compared to the company’s 19-year pe65x. Military aircraft are installed at a slower rate than expected: government support is lower than expected
The analysis logic is based on the author's professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeking to be objective, impartial and not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.