In the afternoon of December 17, 2019, our second carrier, the first national carrier, Hill.
China’s era of the “two carriers” has officially begun. China’s national carrier is carrying more and more fighters: the Shandong is our first ship to develop its own carrier, a Liaoning ship that has been modified by a heavy-duty cruiser compared to Yuli.
The structure of the Shandong ship is better suited to the operational requirements of the air carrier, and there is more room within it to carry the aircraft. The main combat force of the Liaoning ship is 24 Dao-15 fighter jets, and the number of Shandong 15 fighter jets is 36, an increase of 50%.
Shen Fei China is the country's main fighter and aircraft carrier unit: Shen Fei China is China's most important fighter base for the development of the assembly, and the company's main products include the 11 series of fighter jets, more than 16 fighter jets, the 15-carried fighter jets and the future four generations of stealth fighters. The company's aircraft are all our main combat equipment.
In addition to this, China is building a 003-type carrier. More carriers will continue to enter the Chinese Navy's battle sequence.
The company is the unit of the Chinese fleet of aircraft, and it benefits directly from the Chinese fleet, Wang Jing Jing, and the new orders and new numbers have a real guarantee of development prospects. We maintain the company's “buy-a” investment over the course of the year.
China’s second and first national carrier was delivered in the afternoon of December 17, 2019 at a military port in Hainan.
The Navy. The first national carrier is known as the "Sangdong" and the starboard 17.1 The number of aircraft on board the Shandong is increased by 50 per cent. The "Sangdong" is our first self-developed national carrier, compared to the Liaoning ship, which was converted from a heavy-duty cruiser.
The Shandong ship is designed and constructed in full compliance with the aircraft carrier standards and is better suited to the operational requirements of the carrier and has greater space within it. The Liaoning ship has 24 fighter jets, 15 fighter jets, and the Shandong ship has 36 aircraft, an increase of 50%.
With the official entry of the Shandong ship, China has officially entered the formation of a two-cargo carrier. In addition, China is building a 003 model carrier, and more carriers will be entering the Chinese Navy’s operational sequence.
The main products of China's main warplane and ship-mounted warplane, the company's main products are: the Dow-11 series, the Dow-16 multi-purpose warplane, the Chew-15, the Four Generations of Invisible Fighter.
The company will benefit directly from the arrival of new and new orders, which will accelerate the arrival of Chinese carriers.
2. The number of multi-purpose fighter jet orders increases every year. 47, 35 and 28 times. Shen Fei is the country’s major hub for the development of a major warplane. The company’s main product is the war fighter series 11, the multi-purpose fighter jets 16, the fighter jets 15 and the future four-generation aircraft are our main combat equipment. The company is a unit.
In the next 10 years, new orders and new models will have real promise and promise. We give companies a rating of the investments they buy --a, and new ones are not delivered as expected.
Summary of financial statement projections and valuation data