China Air Shen Fei (600,760): Roe's highest mainframe plant, growing all year round.
Incidents: The company issued a three-quarterly report on 29 October, which generated $15,890 million in revenue in January-September, a 100% increase in equity. The main business of the battalion was transformed into the production of strikers and defence equipment.
Billion dollars, an increase of 106.49 per cent over the same period.
The return of the advance payments to $7 billion and the 59.88 per cent increase in accounts receivable from the same date indicate that the company is actively preparing and filling its orders, again confirming that it is currently in the build-up cycle of aviation equipment. In addition, the Department of Public Administration is running a positive cash flow of 7.59 per cent (the mainframe is ranked first), which is not the same in the mainframe.
Although the third quarter has been achieved, we have judged Shen Fei’s total production to have risen by about 30% over the previous year. And the company’s net profit growth has always been significantly higher than the revenue level, suggesting that the company’s profitability is substantial.
Millions of dollars, a significant increase of 88.77% in the same year, and in light of Shen Fei’s recent experience with new aircraft patterns, we believe that perhaps much of the funding for scientific research has gone to optimisation, stereotyping, and adaptation of 31%. This is also one of the reasons for the slight fall in profits in the third quarter.
In terms of replacement space, the future will be used mainly to replace Su-30 and Dang-11, with over 300 replacement spaces. We've got a formal project, supported by project development costs, and we're expected to accelerate the breakthrough.
In the future, our bi-cargo battle fleet may need 80-90 anti-31, not including foreign-trade export orders. The position is the same as that of f-35, and if fc-31 is smooth, it is expected that the total number of orders will be over 3,200, with plans to deploy 200 in Asia and the Pacific.
East Hsing Securities Company reports that China's top mainframe company, Roe, is growing all year round.
Over five years, the military paid for the “tentative price” because of the proliferation of new layers of equipment and the difficulty of confirming the price of equipment. Five years later, after the model was largely mature in bulk production, the “tentative price” would be converted to the “final price” and the resulting large-scale premium revenue would be a gift from the military firm.
In terms of production progress, the fleet has been formally scheduled 15 and reported 16 in November 2016 at the Gansu Liquor Fountain New Air Force Base. In our judgement, both types of aircraft are now likely to be phased in to the formal price enforcement phase after the delivery of the official model, usually at higher prices than those normally determined, and in the next 2-3 years or with the prospect of entering into the difference compensation period for both types of aircraft, while at the same time implementing higher audited prices that are equivalent to a product price increase, the company will perform in the future.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the report of East Hing Securities.
China Air Shen Fei (600,760): Roe's highest mainframe plant, year-round growth, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, research assistant profile.
At the time of Chu rain, a bachelor's degree from the University of Electronics and Technology, a master's degree from the Central University of Finance and Economics, joined the East Hing Securities in 2019. The professor's own research opinion. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, nor will it be, specifically recommended or recommended in this report.
The view is directly or indirectly related.
China’s Shen Fei (600,760): Roe’s top mainframe plant, growing year-round, does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of this information, nor does it guarantee that any changes in the information and advice it contains will occur. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points, conclusions and recommendations are only for information purposes.
The information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investor on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report and hand them over.
Easily and may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies