On 22 May 2024, China's national chip lead, the leader of the intelligent computing industry.
\triangleright co-ordination, training reasoning convergence, a series of ecologically integrated smart chip products and platformed basic systems software is also one of the few enterprises in the country with experience in sophisticated chip design under advanced integrated circuit processes.
In 2023, smart computing cluster system operations achieved operating income of $605 million, an increase of 31.85 per cent over the same period, mainly because companies successfully implemented smart computing cluster projects in Shenyang and Taizhou, maintaining the continued growth of smart computing cluster systems operating income. As local computing infrastructure continues to progress, companies are the industry target.
Confidence. According to the 2023 Restricted Stock Incentives Program of Middle Cyclops and Technology Co. Ltd., domestic ai industries are expected to experience a rapid growth period, with emphasis on bottom core technology construction.)ai \triangleright
Arithmetic needs are expected to enter a fast-growing period. According to idc data, it is expected to reach 1117.4eflops (based on fp16) by 2027, and the size of China ' s smart calculations will recover annually from 2022-2027.
By 2024, the New Idea Center (test network) procurement project, China ' s 2024-2025 new Ideas Centre collection project, China ' s 2024 centralized acquisition project for artificial intelligence servers, and China ' s Idea Calculator (2023-2024), with more than 17,000 major operators in total
In terms of hardware, the company's new generation of smart processor microstructures and instructions are being developed; and in terms of software, the company's software.
The basic software system platform is also being optimized and iterative. 4) Adaptive work is being done actively with head clients. The company’s collaboration with Image’s future computing products and the depth of a large visual multimodel model are being matched with big models with top customers like Begawa’s intelligence, the Internet, operators, finance, energy, etc.
Investment advice: the company is the lead in a national chip, actively developing a new generation of smart processors microstructures and command sets, continuously optimizing and iterative reasoning and training software platforms, driving smart chips and acceleration cards together.
Networking, operators, finance, energy, and many other priority sectors continue to fall. In the broader context of a rapidly growing demand for arithmetic, the United States has repeatedly updated export control standards, and the construction of arithmetic infrastructure is expected to accelerate.
Ps 51x, 29x, 23x, for the first time, are covered with a “recommended” rating. 1 China's ai chip tap, leading the intelligent arithmetic industry 1.1, based on core R & D capabilities, is committed to advancing the development of the ai chip technology.
Founded in 2016, typhoid martial arts focuses on research and development and technological innovation for artificial intelligence chip products, and is dedicated to building core processor chips in the field of artificial intelligence. The company provides cloud edge integration, hardware and software synergy, training for integration, a series of integrated smart chip products with a uniform ecology, and platformed basic system software.
Broadly applied to server manufacturers and industry companies, providing arithmetic for complex ai applications in the fields of the Internet, finance, transport, energy, electricity, and manufacturing, and promoting the upgrading of the artificial intelligence-enabling industry. Companies have a clear equity structure and leaders have extensive scientific and research experience.
The first three shareholders in the division are Mr. Chen Tiansheu, China Bureau of Asset Management Ltd., Beijing, and the Achille Science and Technology Centre in Beijing (limited partnership), with a share ratio of 28.69%, 15.76% and 7.36%, respectively.
A solid theoretical foundation and rich R & D experience, with the creation and leadership of a firm fast-tracked in the direction of smart chips, figure 1: The cold martial arts equity structure chart, 126.77 million dollars, represents a significant increase from the beginning of the period, reflecting a steady growth in corporate business, with 24 years of performance.
In 2024, the company will continue to invest in research and development and expand its numeracy market, hopefully with faster growth. In the case of smart chips and card products, the company will actively engage and cooperate with the Department of Emerging and Applied Arithmetic and Applied Arithmetic, supporting its reasoning and training arithmetic, and will continue to move forward at the right stage.
In the case of smart computing cluster system operations, companies will take full advantage of their strengths and actively expand their operations. Companies will maintain high levels of R & D inputs.
The profits are expected to improve significantly as the results of R & D evolve into market competitiveness. The corporate net profit return in 2023 was reduced by 32.47% compared to the loss, reflecting the management effects of the company’s internal operations.
Companies attach great importance to R & D inputs, and R & D costs remain high over time. In 2019, the company had 1,164 patents on R & D fees; in addition, it had 64 software copyrights and 6 integrated circuit plans.
Figure 4: Status of R & D costs and R & D rates for the company 2019 - 2024q1 Core competitiveness of the company can be summarized as the following key points: 1) Lead core technology: Cold War is cloudy in the field of smart chips, hardware and software synergy
Training in the technical advantages of integrating intellectual processors, microstructures, programming languages, mathematics, etc.) Team of Talents: Director Dr. Chen Tianshek has more than a decade of scientific experience, leading a company that is fast-tracked into the world’s premieres. Most of the company’s core R & D team members graduated from prestigious colleges or research institutes up to now.
In 2023, 75.28 per cent of the company ' s employees were R & D staff, and 78.46 per cent of the R & D staff had master ' s and to attend school 3) product systems: company products covered clouds, edged smart chips and their accelerator cards, training entire machines, processorips and software, meeting diverse needs for artificial intelligence computing, supporting visual, speech, natural languages
Multi-model tasks such as processing, which are widely applied in areas such as the smart Internet, intelligent manufacturing, etc. (4) Client resources: companies have accumulated high-quality customer resources, with leading research and development capabilities and reliable product quality, with a wide range of products serving server manufacturers, ai application companies, covering the Internet, cloud computing, energy, energy, etc.
Trades such as education have increased brand recognition and market influence. 5) Brand advantage: companies have been successful in introducing multiple smart chip and processor ip products with a number of honours, such as Global '100 '2018', the most innovative in Forbes China, and so on.
The company’s main business is divided into cloud lines, edge product lines, ip authorizations and software, as well as four broad categories of intelligence that can calculate the operations of the cluster system. In the 2023 operating income structure, the smart computing cluster system industry accounted for 85.22 per cent, the cloud line for 12.77 per cent, the marginal product line for 1.53 per cent, ip authorization and softness.
As a global-famous emerging firm in the field of smart chips, the company has a typical skill-intensive and talent-intensive niche. A highly professional and technologically powerful research and development team is a guarantee of the company’s continued innovation and a firm’s business.
The implementation of this restrictive equity incentive scheme will further enhance staff cohesion, team stability, and the motivation of key employees effectively, thereby increasing operational efficiency and bringing higher performance and intrinsic value to the company.
1.2 Cloudside Synergy+Soft Hardware Integration, Smart Chip-Driggering Business continues to upgrade.
At present, the company’s main product lines include cloud line, edge line, ip authorization and software, and smart computing cluster system operations.
Figure 6: Corporate product strategy 1) Cloud-side product lines: Cloud-side product lines include cloud smart chips, accelerometers, and accelerometers for training.
Calculates the density and energy-efficient hardware computing resources. Trains the whole machine to develop the cloud intelligence chips and acceleration cards that are self-researched by the company to provide core computing capabilities, mainly for commercial customers with a certain technological base. 2) Marginal product lines: margin computing is a new computing paradigm, on equipment between terminals and clouds.
With a moderate computing capability to compensate for the lack of computing capacity of the terminal equipment, and to mitigate the problem of data privacy, bandwidth and delay in the cloud computing landscape. Edge computing is combined with artificial intelligence technology to promote the development of intelligent manufacturing, intelligent retailing, intelligent education, intelligent homekeeping, smart power grids, etc.
3)ip authorization and software: the product line includes the ip authorization and base system software platform. ip authorizes the use of intellectual property rights such as intellectual processor ip, developed by the Department. The base system software platform provides a unified platform-level basic system software for a whole series of smart chip and processor products at the edge of the cloud, breaking different scenarios.
(4) Smart computing cluster system operations: smart computing cluster system operations combine the company's self-researched accelerator card or trainings and the production of machine preparation with the partner's service provider equipment, network equipment and storage equipment.
Clients provide a holistic solution to hardware and software to improve operational efficiency. Companies are also active in building a new generation of ai base software platform at the training and reasoning levels. 1) With respect to training software platforms, companies are continuously promoting the development and improvement of training software hangars, adding new value
In addition, the training software platform provides a variety of tools for client model migration and reduces the cost of client matching migration. Companies focus on the support of distributed and large-scale clusters of software and increase support for multiple distributed training libraries.
In terms of interoperability, companies have increased their support for framework algorithms, and have completed a large number of customized algorithm expansion needs from priority clients, matching the industries of multiple priority clients.
A more comprehensive data-type support has been achieved to better support the larger model training scene. On the performance side, the company optimized multiple networks through a focus on client performance to optimize demand, analysed and realized multiple arithmetical and frame-level performance optimization points and continued single-card and multi-machined communications.
Docca's low-delay optimization, communication delays and bandwidth utilization are leading the industry. In the Large Model Training Field, the company has refined the large model training software warehouse development, and has done several large model fine-tuning and pre-training support. Through continuous technology optimization and adaptation, the large model training performance has been further optimized, in large models.
The performance and accuracy of the training were more competitive, meeting the performance and accuracy requirements of the business landing, and during the reporting period the company successfully validated the pre-training function of the large model in distributed clusters, achieved a long period of steady operation and calculated efficiency at a level of industry leadership.
Optimizing or completing component development, supporting the adaptation of private networks to multiple clients, with client demand network performance far exceeding the target. Web training in the field of protein modelling was completed. 2) In the context of the reasoning software platform, the company developed support for large language models and multimodular aigc reasoning
Basic software for business, with continuous optimization of traditional models and generation large models respectively, accelerates the deployment of practical applications. Optimization of performance for traditional model reasoning operations. In high-frequency use networks, including in the areas of speech synthesis, search referral and visual processing, companies have ensured that the business model is protected through continuous optimization.
In terms of large language model reasoning, the company developed a distributional accelerated library, adapted to the mainstream model, with deep performance and excellence, achieving industry-led model computing efficiency and success in the client business environment.
The company has further enriched the large model ecosystems by integrating the bangtransformer into a partly open source large model reasoning framework. In terms of reasoning performance enhancement, the bangtransformer has introduced a number of excellent technologies that have significantly improved operating efficiency compared to the traditional framework. In the area of image generation, use is made.
Magicind optimized and accelerated key networks such as stablediffusion, which successfully served clients on the application of the Cold War-based Logic software platform. The Cold War Basic Software System platform is a software development platform tailored to its cloud, edge, end smart processor products.
In the area of smart cars, companies are working on a full series of l2+l4 chip layouts and making deep customizations.
The realization of such functions as car clouds provides strong support for intelligent life and work. Figure 8: Cloudside vehicles working with 2 domestic ai industries are expected to achieve a rapid growth period, with emphasis on the bottom core
2.1 The importance of sovereign ai in technological construction highlights the need to improve the industry's climate, and the need for arithmetic is expected to increase rapidly, according to idc data. The size of Chinese smart arithmetic in 2022.
A total of 259.9 billion floats (eflops) per second, and an estimated 1117.4-eflops size of 54.5-eflop5 by 2027 and 117.3-eflops (based on fp64) by 2027.
Figure 11: The size of China’s universal numeracy (eflops) and projections, in the context of the US Department of Commerce’s many updates of its requirements for exports of high-tech products, makes it increasingly urgent to achieve arithmetic national production, and the importance of sovereign ai becomes increasingly important.
On October 17, 2023, the U.S. updated its export control standards to require advanced chip performance above a certain threshold, i.e. an export licence, and the restrictions came into effect on October 23, 2024, when the U.S. Department of Commerce renewed its requirements for the export of high-tech products.
On 17 October 2023, the Department of Industry and Security (“bis”) introduced large-scale export control rules for the semiconductor sector (the “1007 Rules”) on the grounds of limiting China's military modernization capabilities and protecting the national security interests of the United States.
The results, as well as industry feedback, were followed by a large-scale release of new regulations in the semiconductor field (referred to as the “1017 Rules”). The “1017 Rules” continue the logic of the “1007 Rules”, which, on the one hand, restrict the flow of advanced chip-related items to subjects in specific countries and regions, such as China, and restrict access by subjects to chip-making related equipment-type items;
On the other hand, by regulating the activities of the major subjects of the United States, it has restricted its “support” for advanced semiconductor manufacturing activities that are autonomously carried out by the main subjects of China. On 29 March 2024, the United States Department of Commerce renewed its requirements for the export of high-tech products and revised two new export restrictions established by the bis in October 2022 and 2023.
According to Wong In-hoon, each country needs its own artificial intelligence because it can compile all kinds of data on culture, social wisdom, common sense, history, etc.
In the last six months or so, almost every country has realized that ai is a technology that cannot be mysterious, that it cannot be intimidated by one, which is the beginning of a new industrial revolution. The new industrial revolution is no longer about the production of energy, food, but about the production of intelligence, and each country needs its own intellectual production — sovereign.
The family should be able to produce its own data (culture, history, common sense, social wisdom, etc.) instead of leaving it to other countries to do it.
In response to a wave of artificial intelligence industries, the Report on the Work of the Government for 2024 proposes to deepen research and development applications such as big data and artificial intelligence, to launch an “Associative Intelligence Plus” initiative to create an internationally competitive digital industry cluster; and to build a digital infrastructure that is reasonably ahead of the curve and accelerates national integration.
Arithmetic systems. Beijing, Shanghai, Shenzhen, etc., are also issuing guidance documents and issuing large tenders for local computing infrastructure. Three major operators are expected to speed up the process of building arithmetic infrastructure. 1) Move: China moves the new IQC procurement project from 2023 to 2024 and China moves 2024-
A total of 10448 servers were collected by the new IQC in 2025. China moved 12 packages for the new IQC (test network) from 2023 to 2024, for a total of 2,454 IQC servers; The price of the packages, 4, 5, 6, 11 and 12, is expected to reach approximately 3 billion yuan. China moved 2024-2025.
In May of that year, China moved to issue the winning announcement of the bid for package 1, with a winning price of approximately RMB 19,104 million. On 23 March of that year, China United issued a pre-trial announcement on the central purchase of project funds by China ' s connected artificial intelligence servers in 2024, purchasing 2503 artificial intelligence servers.) Telecommunications: China ' s telecommunications arithmetical server
The volume of centralized purchases is expected to reach 4175 (2023-2024). China ' s telecommunications arithmetic server (2023-2024) includes four packages of training-type wind-cooler (l series), training-type liquid cold server (l series), training-type wind-cool server (g series), training
The number of tenders has gradually been opened, including by the National Centre for Ideas. 1) Planning and construction of the National Centre for Ideas has accelerated: as of this date, several urban planning centres have been built in the country. 2) The relevant tenders have also been accelerated: the Centre for Ideas is in progress.
Bids in the heart, finance, etc. are on the ground. 2.2 Create a new generation of software and hardware technology, with a high priority on R & D inputs to build core competitiveness
Wormish is a globally known emerging company in the field of smart chips that provides cloud edge integration, hardware and software synergy, training reasoning convergence, a coherent ecological series of smart chip products and platformed basic system software. The company has mastered smart processor commands, smart processor microstructures, smart chip programming languages, smart chip mathematics.
Core technologies such as banks, characterized by high barriers, difficulties in R & D, and wide applications, have important technological, economic and ecological value for the integrated circuit industry and the artificial intelligence industry. Companies are deployed simultaneously in the field of i-soft and hardware, and in hardware, the company’s new generation of smart processors is micro-set.
The architecture and the command set are being developed; in software, the company ' s basic software system platform is being optimized and iteratively. 1) The smart processor microstructure and command set. The company ' s new generation of smart processor microstructures and commands are being developed, and the new generation of smart processor microstructures and commands will process large models and video images of natural languages.
Focusing on scenarios such as the generation of large models and training reasoning for recommending large models of systems will enhance product competitiveness in terms of programming flexibility, ease of use, performance, power consumption, area. 2) Basic system software platform. New functional and generic support has been added to the training of software platforms, and significant efforts have been made to promote large models and recommended system operations
Support and optimization; in the reasoning software platform, the company has developed basic software supporting large language models and multimodular aigc reasoning, and continues to optimize traditional models and generation models, respectively, accelerating the company's ability to provide full series of smart chip and processor products for clouds, edges, terminals, the same thing.
Enterprises with artificial intelligence reasoning and training in smart chip products are also one of the few companies in the country with advanced integrated circuit design experience in complex chips. The company's cold martial arts 1a processor is the world's premier product, the commercial terminal smart processor ip product, and the X-100 (mlu100) chip is China's top peak cloud.
A smart chip. The TNT 290 (mlu 290) is the first cloud of cold martial arts training smart chips, with theoretical peaks of up to 1024 tops and 512 tops at 4 and 8 points, respectively. The TAS 370 (mlu 370) is the first artificial intelligence chip of cold martial arts using the chiplet technology, which is the second-generation cloud of cold martial arts.
The company has the advantage of being flexible and easy to use. The company has the advantage of providing a unified platform-level basic system software and programming interface for self-researching clouds, edges, end-of-end series smart chips and processor products.
The station has completely broken the development barrier between the edges of the cloud, combined with the advantage of flexibility and scalability, and simply needs to be moved so that the same artificial intelligence application can easily and efficiently run a serial chip/processor at the edge of the company's cloud.
Many key industries, such as networks, operators, finance, energy, have been on the ground and have made great strides in the broad model areas at the forefront of the industry, in search and advertising, and in 2023, corporate smart chips and accelerated card operations to achieve $101 million. 1) Large model areas: companies are closely linked to home-grown algorithms.
Technology and product collaboration; in the area of large visual models, company collaboration with Imaging and future computing products, as well as in the depth of large visual multimodel models, which provide arithmetic assurance for their online commercial applications; in the area of large linguistic models, corporate products have been adapted to big models with front-line customers, such as Begawa.
Compatibility certification and product performance at the level of the international mainstream; companies and clients are working together to explore and locate large model applications in the immediate areas of industry. 2) Internet area: company products continue to be delivered in visual, speech, language and other applications, and have been negotiated with leading Internet companies in the areas of search, advertising and recommendation.
The soundness and optimization of products and their performance in meeting customer needs provide a solid basis for follow-up operations. (3) In the area of finance, companies have tested large-scale language models with large banks and are promoting the deployment of financial domain applications, and now transport banks have selected the gpu server embedded in the company ' s smart acceleration card as the designated server.
4) Communications operator industry: Xinwu Yito has been brought into the fold and continues to equip the group of enablers and their sub-provincial companies with the usual AI business; in the future, Xinwu will continue to help the three operators to co-improvise more business; AI applications of the scene will be located and extended to “ai+”.) Other vertical industries: corporate intelligence.
Accelerator cards continue to protect traditional industrial intelligence transitions, assist in intelligent grain silos, smart mines, intelligent logistics, and, in the case of smart computing cluster system operations, companies are actively involved in computing infrastructure in both Taiwan and Shenyang.
Smart technology is constantly being developed, and the demand for arithmetic infrastructure is increasing year by year. Based on the competitive advantages of smart computing clusters and good experience with pre-situation projects, companies use the company's training of whole-office products as the core computing equipment, and integrate the hardware and software packages that eventually form the smart computing cluster system that they deliver to their clients.
The ability to calculate cluster system operations has expanded in several cities, domestic market ownership is already in the first tier, and completed project experience has set a good benchmark for companies to continuously move forward with smart computing cluster system operations.
Smart computing cluster system: 1) Income: According to the gartner report, the global market for artificial smart chips in 2023 was projected to reach $53 billion, and the global market for artificial intelligence chips is expected to grow to $119.4 billion in 2027, at a compound rate of 22.51 per cent, reflecting the high profile of the one-chip market.
At the policy level, the Report of the Government of 2024 proposes to build a digital infrastructure that is reasonably ahead of schedule, accelerating the formation of a national integrated numeracy system; and local plans to build arithmetic infrastructure are being published.
By way of example, the Shanghai City Smart Calculus Infrastructure Quality Development “Arithmetic River” Program for the Implementation of Ideas 2024-2025 states that by 2025, Shanghai City's smart computing power exceeded 30 eflops (fp16) by more than 50 per cent of the total, while the use of new IQC home-grown numeracy chips exceeded 50 per cent.
On the demand side, using China ' s movement as an example, the number of Ai service servers purchased for its new IQC-collecting project 2024-2025 was about three times the number of IQC procurements for the IQC procurement project 2023-2024, reflecting the high demand for IAA. In 2023, smart computing cluster system operations were realized.
Operating income of $605 million, an increase of 31.85 per cent over the same period, is mainly due to the company’s success in implementing the smart computing cluster project in Shenyang and Taizhou, which sustains the sustained growth of the smart computing cluster system’s operating income. The company’s smart computing cluster has expanded its operations in several cities, the domestic market is already in the first tier and will be in policy in the future.
Led by the prospect of accelerated progress in the development of ai infrastructure in the short term, with companies benefiting 71 per cent as industry poles, and given the relative stability of corporate business models and business models, Māori rates are expected to continue for nearly three years.
Export controls in this area offer important market opportunities for domestic ai chip companies to produce national alternatives. According to Sai Di, China’s data centre was operating more than 8.3 million units in 2023, China’s data is expected to be 20 xgpt3 by 2024, and gpt5 should be 10-20 times gpt4 by 2024.
As of April 30, 2024, the country’s top-level model level had been matched by gpt3.5, and a breakthrough in the big model technology would have created a larger demand for arithmetic. The firm’s strength has promoted collaboration with head companies in areas such as large models, and smart chips and acceleration cards continue to operate on the Internet.
Billions of dollars, mainly influenced by the supply chain. With the rapid growth of arithmetic demand and the continued growth of ai chip nationalization substitution, and the positive improvement of the supply chain by companies, accelerated growth is expected in the short term, with the associated demand The marginal product line: 1) Income: the margin calculation is a modest measure of equipment between the end and the cloud end
Arithmetic is more relevant to smart computing cluster system operations and cloud-side product line operations. According to Public Investment, the market size of our margin was 70 billion yuan in 2022 and is expected to reach 25.995 billion yuan in 2027, with a 30% compound increase.
Factorialfunds calculates the need for sora numeracy, which requires at least 4200 ~ 10,500 English ~ 1 month of training in Weidarh 100gpu, and at the reasoning stage, the need for a peak is approximately 720,000 nvidia h100gpu, reflecting the need for extrapolation. kimi achieves it with excellent long text resolution.
With the high number of users growing, the measurement bottlenecks are beginning to appear, and the demand for arithmetic measurement is expected to grow rapidly. With the rapid growth of the two major operations in the short term, the company’s market position in the ai chip area has increased, and the marginal product line business is expected to benefit, and as the related demand is gradually met, the pace of growth is expected.
ip authorization and software: 1) Income: According to the publication in Sullivan of China ' s Ai Basic Software Market Research Report (2023), China ' s data volume was 23.88zb in 2021, and China ' s data volume is expected to reach 76.6zb in 2026, with a composite growth rate of 26.25%.
The demand for processing, managing and analysing these data is also growing rapidly in firms and organizations driven by growth. The basic software contains a range of platform software products and solutions needed for enterprise level-ai applications, which are the main efficiency underpinning the model. According to the Nintendo Public, the 100 Model War began in the second half of 2023.
Formal opening of the scene; as of May 2024, according to the Entrepreneur ' s Daily Public, the number of national models is currently over 200, covering a wide range of industry areas, according to incomplete statistics. In this business, ip authorizes the use of intellectual property rights such as smart processor ip, developed by companies, to its clients in their products; the basic system software platform is:
The company provides a unified platform-level basic system software for a full series of smart chips and processor products at the edge of the cloud, and has become more relevant to smart computing cluster system operations, cloud-side product line operations and marginal product line operations. With the rapid growth of three major operations in the short term, the company's market position in the ai chip area has increased further.
Strong, ip authorization and software operations are also expected to benefit, and as the related needs are gradually met, the rate of increase is also expected to be expected for other operations: (i) income is a companion to the four main operations mentioned above and is expected to be associated with (ii) Māori: given the relative stability of the business model of the business, the Māori rate is expected to continue.
Growth allows for better cost coverage; at the same time, as companies actively expand their business channels to find new sources of business and market channels mature, the associated expenditures are expected to be clearly controlled and phased in at a certain level, and improvements in the in-house management capacity are foreseen, and the management cost rate is expected to be significant in the short term.
Keeping technology ahead and improving the market competitiveness of products; by actively expanding new areas of business, by pushing R & D inputs to new technologies and products, the income end is expected to improve significantly, and R & D costs are expected to decrease significantly in the short term; and by the medium and long term, as the product matures and the rate of reuse rises, the R & D costs of companies are expected to rise at a certain point in time.
In the field of Xinjiang deep-deep chip design, products are widely used in cloud-end, edge, etc., in addition to training. So, we've selected the national chip design and the semiconductor industry chain-related core core core core, source, and JayTech as comparable companies. In 2024, the core core core is scheduled to complete the core lead gpgpu chip.
Designing and delivering streaming, upgrading graphics and computing performance, including the ai acceleration, is compatible with the development of a high-value value ratio in the core cpu; Genjits is a high-tech enterprise in the field of photochips, and the accelerated development of data centres and the ii-based computing leads to a rapid increase in demand for light chips. The company is in the process of moving from research and development inputs to products.
During a critical period, with R & D inputs recognized by the market and a gradual increase in market shares, it is hoped that there will be a rapid period of growth, comparable to corporate average levels. Companies have long maintained high R & D inputs, building bottom-line core competitiveness; Equity Incentives, published in November 2023, have further highlighted the firm’s confidence in high future performance growth.
The business income forecast for 24 years does not fully cover the cost end costs, but the income end continues to grow rapidly, and the company’s valuation is expected to be close to the level of other industry flagship valuations and is expected to be phased out as the income growth valuation is expected.
Optimization and iterative reasoning and training of software platforms to drive smart chips and speed up the downfall of key industries such as the Internet, operators, finance, and energy. In the broader context of a fast-growing demand for arithmetic, a number of export updates in the United States, and the prospect of an accelerated build-up of arithmetic infrastructure, companies attach great importance to research and development.
23x, for the first time, with a “recommended” rating. 1) New technologies do not advance as much as expected. The firm’s industries are technology-intensive, core technology and R & D levels will seriously affect the firm’s core competitiveness, and the process and outcome of R & D projects are more uncertain.
High, the company or face the risk that prior R & D inputs will be difficult to recover and the expected benefits will be difficult to achieve. 2) The risk of supply chain changes. As the whole industry chain of integrated circuits is a specialized division of labour and the technology threshold is high, and companies and some subsidiaries are included in the “substantial list”, this will result in the stability of the company's supply chain.
Risk-setting and switching new suppliers would have a certain cost and could have a negative impact on the company’s performance. 3) The risk of increased competition among practitioners. Artificial intelligence chip technology is still in its development stage, with more rapid technological succession, and the path to technological development is still being explored, and there is no absolute advantage in architecture and system ecology.
A growing number of manufacturers have introduced artificial intelligence chip products, and there is increasing competition in the market in this area. A summary of data projections in corporate financial statements — methodological and analytical logic — leads to conclusions, independent and objective production of the present report and accountability for its content and perspective.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.