First Shanghai Ilyi shares (600887), 03/05/2023
In the case of powder and dairy products and cold-drinking products, respectively, revenue of $849.3.2626.95.7 billion was realized, resulting in a loss of consumer scenes in the recreational attribute category, but in the back of industry, 1) the regular warm-white milk insurance (+46, grower per cent)
Demand-resilient, 2) the same share of retail sales in the general-temperature milk sub-markets of the core monolith Anmush series, which is the firm ' s top liquid milk business; the milk powder business has grown significantly throughout the year, largely as a result of coyoto, but is also expected to grow more than +20 per cent in-house; the cheese or cold drinks business has grown high.
Quick, leading the overall income growth; 23q1 liquid milk is affected by the fall-over of spring and the 22q1 high base, and improvements in the marketing of body liquid milk are expected to accelerate on a seasonal basis.
A smooth increase in profitability: 22fy benefited from product structural optimization, increased unit prices for some products, and promotion of marketing, as well as from the control of companies (8.54 per cent), where the overall Māori ratio fluctuated from +1.6 pct to 32.3 per cent on a year-on-year basis, but as a result of Australia's advantages
The effect of the build-up period is that the company's sales/management/research and development are expected to have a similar net profit rate of 0.1 per cent per year if it is excluded from the combined effect of related events such as the Olympics and the World Cup, so we think that the company's profitability will remain resilient in the extreme circumstances of last year.
With the goal of making a profit, companies are expected to make a higher profit contribution as market demand warms up. This will gradually be good, given the firm’s strong position as a leading business and the clarity of long-term development planning, not expected to be the Shanghai First Securities Co. Ltd.
First Shanghai Securities Co. Ltd. First Shanghai Securities Co. Ltd. First Shanghai Securities Co. Ltd.
This report is prepared by Shanghai First Securities Company Ltd. (“Shanghai I”) for general review by institutional investors only.
No material, content or hard copy shall be copied, reproduced, quoted, altered, transferred, transmitted or distributed to any other person in any way. The information, tools and materials contained in this report are provided for your information only, and do not constitute an offer or offer to sell, purchase or subscribe to securities or other financial instruments, or an offer or offer thereof. You may not rely on anything in this report for any investment decision.
You shall make your own independent investment decisions, taking into account, inter alia, your own investment objectives, risk assessment, financial and tax status. Sex or correctness does not make any explicit or implied statement or assurance.