The company published the annual report 2022 and the first quarterly report 2023. The announcement shows that the company ' s total operating income in 2022 was $123,171 million, an increase of 11.37 per cent, and net return to the mother of $9,431 million.
Huangdongyi@dgzq.com.cn has a bright performance of 2022q4 and has a robust start in 23 years. One quarter, due to the early spring season and the gradual release of the epidemic, the company began to do so in December last year.
Eye. 2022q4, the company achieved business income of $29.310 billion, an increase of 14.54 per cent, and net profit of $1.370 billion, an increase of 80.10 per cent. During the spring season, the consumption scenes, such as gifts, family visits, and so on, are gradually recovering, and the milk cases, such as company gifts, are running better, starting in the first quarter of this year.
On April 28, 2023, the company’s milk powder and dairy business increased its visibility, with liquid milk revenues skiding on a high base of 2022q1. The company has been actively engaged in diversifying the fabric in recent years, while it has been working on traditional liquid milk.
In 2022, the company achieved a 35.7% growth in liquid milk/milk milk and dairy/refrigerated products, respectively. The company ' s first quarter drop in liquid milk growth was mainly due to spring festival pre-positioning and accumulation.
As a result of the high base for the same period of the year: milk powders and dairy products are growing faster to benefit from the O-Yu scale, while cold-drinking products are growing faster, driven by new and expanded channels, and factors such as the decline in net interest rates for companies. In 2022, the company ' s Māori rate was 32.26%, compared with the increase in the same year.
Adds 1.64 percentage points, mainly due to reduced pressure on the cost of fresh milk and a higher share of the milk industry.
“Positive” investors are only suitable for the use of “middle- and high-risk” studies, and “radical” investors are suitable for the use of the various categories of our Department who have their own qualifications or considerable professional competence in securities investment advice, as granted by the Chinese Securities Association, to produce this report independently and objectively, within the limits of their knowledge, in a diligent and professional manner. This report clearly and accurately reflects their research views and is not regulated by their respective business departments, issuers, listed companies, and funds.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report and have not used the publication.