Eli (600887.ch): The built-in profit margin expansion is well defined, and Ojo is the biggest uncertainty factor. • The product structure continues to be optimized, but the liquid milk product structure has short-term pressure: 1q23 milk powder.
The same-year increase of 38% and 36% respectively in cold-drinking income is significantly better than the performance of liquid milk (by 2.6%). However, the optimization of the overall grade structure has not been replaced by an expansion of the Māori ratio - the ratio of Māori in Ili 1q23 has been reduced by 70bps. The cost of raw materials as a whole is stable.
In the case of lower milk prices, which offset the increase in the price of other raw materials, we believe that the decline in the Māori rate is due mainly to the reduction in the product structure of liquid milk in the spring spring supply and in the 2q23 outbreak. In the long run, the sales of white milk in the dairy industry are expected to be higher.
The recovery of the pyrolytic milk continues to be highly uncertain. Eli’s income target implies a similar rise in income in 2023 (after deducting the impact of the obituary), slightly higher than the growth target of the male cow.
During the spring season, and the effects of consumption trends, there is still a certain uncertainty about the subsequent resumption of liquid milk sales. But the Illean milk industry (with a target increase of more than 15% in the same year) and cold drinks are still expected to maintain a high rate of growth and increase their market share, driving income throughout the year.
The expansion of profit margins in 2023 remains relatively certain: the corporate target of 2023 total profits (before taxes) amounted to $12.5 billion, an increase of 18 per cent over the same period, implying an expansion in net profit rates before taxes, which, in their judgement, are expected to slow down the structural deterioration of 2q23-4q23 liquid milk products, and the overall product stubble.
At the same time, on the basis of more precise and efficient fees and investments, the cost of home-grown sales is expected to decline further. We predict that Illene profits will be lost.
The rate is expected to expand by 30 bps, but to reach the corporate corporate profit goal, it still depends on a significant reversal in profitability. • The valuation advantage is clear, maintaining the “buy-in” rating: we're finely fine-tuning Ely by 2023-2024e
Scavenger attention to the international study of Pura Qing, financial statement analysis and forecasting - Ely's shares, Pil Qing International.
Prosperous and pessimistic scenarios of Pulse and Silver International, the recipients of this report, by accepting this report (including any relevant annexes), have expressed and assured their right to this report under the following conditions and have agreed to accept it:
Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the law. This report is based on the production of group information and other publicly available information by the Card Corps-Phoshi International Securities Co. Ltd., which engages in activities regulated by the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong) in the first category (Systems Trading) and in the fourth category (Providing an Opinion on Securities).
This report is not intended to be an offer or offer for the purchase or sale of any securities or related financial instruments. You shall not interpret the content of this report as an exclusive matter for legal, tax, accounting or investment matters.
The information and comments in this report are made on a date indicated in the document, may be modified without notice, and may not necessarily be updated to reflect the progress that has taken place since the date of the document. The report does not contain all the information that the company may require, and you should not merely make investments, withdrawals or other investments based on the information in this report.
In addition to the historical data presentation, this report may contain forward-looking statements involving a variety of risks and uncertainties, which may be based on assumptions and be limited to significant risks and uncertainties. The views, recommendations, recommendations and opinions in this report do not necessarily reflect the position of Pil-Sing International Securities.
The Division (collectively "Pulang International") and/or its directors and/or employees may hold securities of the companies described in this report or in the companies concerned and may from time to time buy and sell.