On May 04, 2023, it went through the storm and grew up.
In 2022, the company announced 2022 and the quarterly 2023. In 2022, the company achieved a total income of $123,171 million.
1. The income from liquid milk has grown steadily, with cold drinks and other products increasing steadily. For 22 years, the market value of liquid milk and circulation (millions of dollars) has increased.
Product upgrading & structural optimization, 22 years of Māori increase due mainly to higher sales costs, 22 years of company sales, management, R & D, financial cost rates, respectively.
Deep-farming products, channels, and super-industry growth (1) are strong and super-industry growth is increasing at a high rate. For 22 years, the market for corporate liquid milk was 33.4 per cent, the first market to be broken down: the market for infant and child formula milk was 12.4 per cent.
+5.0pc, the second largest market; 25.3 per cent of retail sales of adult milk powder, the first market in the same market, the first market in the same place: the final market share of cheese business +3.5pc; and the market share of the cold-drinking market.
2) Companies continue to promote new products and create endogenous growth dynamics. Over 22 years, companies have generated more than 12% of their income, and new products have become important growth dynamics for companies. 3) Companies have seized structural opportunities and focused on increasing the track. Companies have continued to focus on organic milk, dairy-based nutrients.
High-growth plates such as cheese snacks, natural mineral water, and more than 20% of the same income from these operations. 4) Based on global supply chains, they actively exploit overseas markets. Based on efficient linkages between global markets and production bases in South-East Asia, New Zealand, and the rest of the world, companies increased by 52.2% over 22 years.
Chu Woo-hoon is a Chinese dairy company, with deep distribution and branded moats that are vast, fearless and growing, and a growing market share. We expect the company to return to its mother's net profit in 2023-2025.
This report is presented independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I have committed to report are derived from compliance channels, and the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional integrity and professional competence, and the report is clear.
A description of the securities investment consultancy business, according to the China Securities Commission ' s Licence to Run Securities (z23834000), gives S.E.S.C.S.C.C.C.C.A. certificate of approval from the CSRC.
A securities advisory service is a basic form of business in which securities investors or clients are the recipients of relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority, i.e. the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related influences of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, or securities-related products.