Erie shares (600887.sh) Quantified performance growth and a recovery in consumption is expected to improve season by season.
Billion, 8.3 per cent more than the same year, Māori rate rising by 1.6 percentage points to 32.5 per cent more than the same year; 4q achieved a gross operating income of $84.93 billion in 2022, equal to $89.93 billion, while powdered milk benefited $390 million, an increase of 116 per cent compared to the same year.
As a result of the gradual elimination of the effects of the goods and the epidemic, liquid milk received 20.820 billion, an increase of 3.1 per cent over the previous two quarters, while milk powder received 7.53 billion, an increase of 62.9 per cent over the previous two quarters, cold drinks received 370 million, an increase of 72 per cent over the same period, and other categories earned 80 million, an increase of 148 per cent over the same period.
During the reporting period, companies maintained a leading market position, according to Nelson Zero, and retail sales of corporate liquid milk accounted for 33.4 per cent of the total market; mergers and acquisitions led to an increase of 5 percentage points to 12.4 per cent in the same sales of infant and child formula powder; and adult milk powder retailed goose markets accounted for the second largest share of the market.
In terms of cost, the increase in the product structure and the O-Yu scale resulted in a 1.6 percentage point increase in the same rate over the reporting period, with the share of liquid milk, milk powder, cold drinks and other products.
The increase in the use and remuneration of employees resulted in an increase of 1.47 percentage points in the same period. 23q1 company income grew robustly, with $21.74 billion in liquid milk, a 2.6 per cent decline in the same year, influenced by a high base and a recovery in consumption, but after February liquid milk increased positively and ended up selling.
The performance was also positive: milk powder revenue of 7.444 billion, an increase of 37.9 per cent over the same period (with a 2-month combined effect), cold drink income of $3.79 billion, an increase of 35.7 per cent over the same period, and income of other groups of products of 140 million, an increase of 70.9 per cent over the same period, mainly due to a decrease of 0.7 per cent over the same period.
In percentage points, we believe that the Māori rate has decreased in comparison with the structural changes in the main product; the cost rate for the period is 2022, with companies making gains in new product development, breakdowns, new channel layout, global supply chain construction, and the new year, guided by the tenets of “Eli is Quality”, the company is expected to
Continue to upgrade the quality of products and services, increase the investment of resources in the high Maori category, further increase the cost of investment efficiency, and continue progress in accelerating the development of healthy foods and new products, improving the milk source layout, and internationalization.
The cost market is recovering and the company is expected to grow steadily throughout the year.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong), Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare this report is reliable, but the information in this report has not been independently verified.