Incidents: Eli published 2022 and 20231 quarterly reports. In 2022, the company earned $123.2 billion, 23q1, the company collected $33.4 billion, compared with +771 per cent, the mother ' s net profit of $3.615 billion, compared with re-innovation in 2022, and continued to rise in 23q1.
As a result of the negative effects, the company has experienced an increase of 11.37% at the end of the income, excluding Australia, which has grown by about 6%, and continues to be the top of the Asian dairy industry. For the sub-products, liquid milk is affected by the epidemic, with a similar harvest of +0.02%; milk powder and dairy operations are in the infant powder industry as a whole.
In the context of the slippage, the harvest increased by 62.0% over the same year, and after the elimination of Oyu, the internal growth rate was more than 20%. The cold drink business continued to lead the industry, with a 33.6% increase in the same year.
The net profit of the mother has increased significantly by the same year +80.10%. 23q1, against the background of the slow recovery of the cost after the epidemiological policy adjustment and the high base for the same period last year, the company has continued to grow by 7.71% over the same year and by 2.73% over the same year.
The 23q1 liquid milk camp received the same rate of -2.6 per cent, but the ring ratio has returned; milk powder and dairy products have been affected by Oyo's growth, the same rate being +37.9 per cent; and the cold drink business has been growing at a rate of +35.7 per cent over the past year.
In 22 years, the Māori rate rose further, the net profit rate rose slightly, and the net profit rate was equal in 23q1. In 2022, the overall Māori ratio of the company was affected by product structural optimization and control of promotion efforts +1.1 pct, excluding Oyo, and the same ratio +0.7 pct, mainly the Liquefied Milk Department.
The management/financial/research and development cost rate is stable, with a sales rate of 17.1% and a sales rate of -1.08 pct. With the exclusion of Ao Yu, the net profit is realized and the profits are spread in a more balanced way. On the one hand, the company has performed on a number of items over the past 22 years.
In liquid milk, 33.4% of the market is for liquid milk retail sales.
First, the city of Ammush increased its share by 0.6 pct on the same scale, with 65 per cent of the market share, including the sale of over 2.5 billion new items in the 9th House of the City of Beijing, Beijing, and the sale of milk powder and dairy products, according to Nelson's data, for 22 years.
The retail market for infant powder is 12.4%, the fastest growing in the industry, while the home market is up by 1.7 pct, or 9%. Child powder also behaves well, with the qq star increasing by more than double. Adult powder is firmly in the first place in the industry, with the city accounting for more than 25%.
In 22 years, the cheese-toc market rose by 3.5 pct, which is now the second largest in the industry. On the other hand, the company’s product structure has moved towards a more balanced growth in milk powder and cold drinks, and the consumer goods market is expected to recover.
Stable, sales rates are expected to decline, thus allowing for a sustained increase in profit rates. In addition, profitability projections and investment ratings: performance is expected to continue to improve, focusing on bottom opportunities.
The company’s performance was affected by the epidemic last year, with a gradual weakening in the second quarter of last year; this year, on the other hand, the weak expectations of milk prices and the company’s cost-control expectations contributed to the release of performance.
In 2020, the CSV formed a food and beverage team. Liu Qingfeng, Master, graduated from the Central University of Finance and Finance, two years of experience in food and beverage research, and two years of experience in bond research.
The master's degree in financial science, graduated from the Wang Yanan School of Economics of Xiamen University, two years of food and beverage research experience.
Jo Dan morning, Master of Economics, Graduated from Xiamen University School of Economics, two years of food and beverage research experience.
Zhao Lei, Master of Food Science Studies, Graduated from Madison, University of Wisconsin, United States.
The component is not relevant, is not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or observations in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the CSRC-resumed qualification for portfolio investment consultancy.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.