On 27 April 2023, Ili issued the annual report 2022 and the first conns@cfsc.com.cn
▪ Continuously optimized product structure, driving double-digit growth in performance end of performance: 1) 2022 collection/mother ' s net profit/deduction non-mother ' s net profit is 2022 Māori/net interest rate/sales cost/management cost rate
2022q4 Māori/net interest rate/sales/administrate cost ratio  world-first in organic sales, continued expansion of overseas operations, by product category, 2022 liquid milk/milk powder and dairy/cold drink products/other products
The white milk group achieved three years of growth in double digits, better than industry performance, (2) organic high-end products maintained double-digit growth, and the gold medal brand introduced the new series of gold medallions, gold-coated organic silts, gold-coated organic a2, brand sales, etc.
In 2022, the city was over 65 per cent, with the introduction of the new "Ammush has a steam" fruit product, and after it was marketed, it achieved 2.5 billion sales, tight deadlines, four-quarter improvements 2022-10.
Consumer health trends. 4) The share of retail sales in cheese business is the same as +3.5 pct, 2023.
In the context of the deep distribution advantage of the winding down channels, a new retail channel was created, and an event evaluation report (600887), with a clear goal, the regional Māori rate was growing, while continuing to open overseas markets, 2022 Sea
These include liquid milk/milk powder and dairy/cold drink products/other products, macroeconomic downside risks, increased competition, higher costs of raw materials, less than expected growth of nuclear heart products, etc.
Presentation by the Food and Beverage Group: Sunshan Mountain: Master of Economics, five years of research experience in food and beverage sellers, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry, focus on the drink plate, in-depth study of the white wine industry, etc.
In the short- to medium-term potential, a share of thinking about white wine plates, deep-seated thinking and insight into the Su wine, Ho Ho, Bachelor of Law, University of Shandong, and Master of Arts, University of Warwick, United Kingdom, for dual master of law, economics and taste industry research.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes; a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is made by Chinese securities and is intended only for customers with Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.