Proximately, with the ability to market the hammer, self-research products to create the first growth curve, the “self-research + agent” to create a rich pipeline for vaccine products, with a two-wheel drive of high growth in corporate performance.
The company built a rich “self-research” + “agent” of non-immun planning vaccine product tubes based on well-established R & D investment and strong marketing teams, with six self-research products: acyw 135 meningitis multi-sugar vaccine, a groupc meningitis multi-sugar combination disease
Saplings, haemophilus influenzae type b combination vaccine, injection of cow stubs, recombination of bacterium tuberculosis, integration of protein (ec) and recombinant new crown vaccine approved for emergency use in 2021; 5 alternative products: hpv4 (breathing yeast), hpv9 (breathing yeast), oral five-priced recombinant pattern
The price of the virus-mitigated live vaccine (vero cell), 23-priced pneumococcal multi-sugar vaccine, and hepatitis A.
In 2021, revenues from the sale of new crown vaccine products compensated for the impact of the epidemic on sales of other products, which reached $21,829 million in the previous three quarters.
97.55% increase. Products such as Hpv vaccine, the sole agent of the company, increased by 40 times in sales over four years, and the purchase of nearly $20 billion in 2023.
After the company ' s first cooperative promotion agreement with Mersardon in 2011, the exclusive agency agreement was renewed several times with excellent marketing channels and extension capabilities, and received four-priced and nine-priced hpv vaccine exclusive agentship in China in 2017 and 2018 respectively.
The revenue from sales grew rapidly from $274 million (20.41 per cent of the total revenues) in 2017 to the latest renewal agreement between the Division and Mercerton and the past agent rate of Māori, with estimates of the gradual harvest of the self-researched pound vaccine product in 2020, with a multi-dimensional product matrix expected to contribute 10 billion yuan.
The total income from self-research products, in addition to the new crown vaccine, is expected to reach over $6 billion in 2023, with the new crown vaccine contributing the main income.
The new crown vaccine, or with its excellent Delta strain clinical data, has been approved for booster needles, folding orders from overseas, and is expected to continue to contribute to higher sales in 2022. Other self-research products are sold, and the results are to be expected: one microcalort of new adaptive disorders to prevent latent infections of bacterium tuberculosis.
(ltbi) Population with tuberculosis, one of the first global roll-out priorities of the company in 2022, ec and micro-cards combined to spread power at the detection and prevention ends, with an estimated combined income of over $4.5 billion in 2025; 2 brain vaccine series products and hib vaccine follow-up line arrangements are in place
Based on the current trend of two-to-four prices, multi-sugar-to-combined, single-sap-to-commodity vaccines, it is expected to be sold on a combined scale or above 1.2 billion yuan in 2025.3 A further 23-priced pneumonia, gacterium multi-sugar vaccine, influenza virus fission vaccine, human double-to-genesis, quadruple cerebral encephalitis.
The company’s performance, which will continue to contribute revenue over the next two to three years, will be driven by a marketing network that will achieve continuous and high-speed growth through the expansion of agency and self-research vaccine sales. On the one hand, the company will rely on private vaccine companies.
The strongest marketing team in the industry continues to work closely with Mercerton, and continues to work with the agents of Hpv4, hvp9. On the other hand, the company has developed existing self-research products, especially the heavy weight product microcards, and has continued to roll out more heavily in the interior over the next two to three years.
The annual sales are more uncertain about the severity of the epidemic and the impact of vaccination policies, so we expect companies to average about 51 x, regardless of the impact of the new crown vaccine business on company performance. Given the continued rapid development of the vaccine industry, company marketing groups
The team’s advantages, and the long-term growth that the heavy-pound products bring to the market over the next few years, are covered for the first time, with companies being rated “buy-in (first-time).” Markets are not spreading as much as expected; changes in the epidemic affect the risks of normal company operations;
Risks of less than approved progress; risk of failure in the renewal of agency operations, etc..1 Private leader of the broker, self-research product line matures 1.1 "Self-Research + Agent" double-wheel drive to become private leader in the vaccine industry
The company was established in 2002 and placed on the market in September 2010 at the deep end, selling many of its self-researched or brokered vaccine products, which are currently the most marketable vaccine enterprise. The company’s operations consist mainly of the development of vaccines for human use, the approval of funds for marketing or emergency use, including the reorganization of new crown vaccines (cho cells), and the restructuring of nodule bacterium integration proteins.
(ecjeka), acyw 135 cerebral multi-sugar vaccine, ac cerebral combination vaccine, hib vaccine, injection of cow bacterium branch (microcarda) etc.; proxy products totalling five items, mainly four-priced human papilloma virus vaccine (breeding mother), nine-priced papilloma virus vaccine (breeding mother), oral five-priced recombine virus reduction effort
Vaccines (vero cells), 23-priced pneumococcal multi-sugar vaccine, hepatitis A (two-fold cell) vaccine 1.2 Corporate equity concentration, affiliates' full-blown group business chain high concentration of equity, stable management, founder of the Chiang In-sheng family leading firm decision-making and sound operations.
The largest shareholders in the company are the founder and chairman, Mr. Jiang In-sheng, who currently holds 50.11% of the shares, is the actual controller and ultimate beneficiary of the company, acting in concert with his son, Jiang Ling Feng, brother Jiang Xingsheng, who together holds 56.21% of the shares and has a high degree of control over the company.
Spouses and co-actors hold 4.89% of the total shares. From shareholder background, the company’s equity is concentrated in the hands of the founders and their co-actors, the company’s equity is concentrated and management is stable.
There are five fully-owned subsidiaries, one participating company, which runs through the development, production, sale, import and export of vaccines.
Chongqing is responsible for marketing the company’s products, Hong Kong is primarily responsible for importing and exporting the company’s products, and Chongqing is based on Internet channels for disseminating information on the company’s operations and products.
1.3 Self-research + agent creates a rich product line, combined with strong marketing power, which can be divided into proxy and self-research products. Six self-research products (of which a new crown vaccine has been reorganized for emergency use) and five proxy products are being sold. Over the past few years, proxy products have contributed to corporate revenue.
In 2021, revenue from the sale of the new crown recombinant protein vaccine formed an important part of the performance. In the long run, corporate ownership is expected to become a new driver of growth.
From 2018, Hpv’s revenues from the sale of vaccines began to grow rapidly. Excellent marketing support became the sole agent of Mur Shatun. 2018-2020, thanks to the successful introduction of Hpv vaccine in the country, the company collected it.
From $5.130 billion in 2018 to $15.156 billion in 2020. The Hpv vaccine is still in short supply in the country, and only the Mezzadongs currently have a four- and nine-priced Hpv vaccine product. Therefore, as the sole agent of the Mossadon Hpv vaccine product in China, corporate collections will continue.
Chart 5 shows the distribution of corporate revenues and rising corporate spending on R & D. The agent product raises the size of the company and the self-research product raises the net interest rate of the public sector, both of which simultaneously bring sufficient cash flow to the company’s operations. Therefore, the company’s R & D expenditure is on the ground.
Over the past few years, there has been a steady rise in corporate R & D spending in several vaccine firms in the first half of 2021, as leading companies in the vaccine industry. Companies have gradually developed a product matrix with product synergies and industry competitiveness through R & D additions.
There are currently 26 research products, of which 16 are clinically active, which gradually form a competitive product matrix for tuberculosis products, rabies, vaccines, respiratory virus vaccines, pneumonia vaccines, intestinal diseases vaccines, meningitis vaccines, etc. Influenza virus fission vaccine, 23-priced pneumococcal sugar.
Clinical trials for vaccines have been completed, 15-priced Pneumococcal combination vaccine, 4-priced influenza virus fission vaccine, ecstasy for rabies, mcv4, two-price combination of sodium dysentery at Fung's Songné, etc. Clinical trials are under way, and rabies vaccine (mrc-5 cells) for ecstasy have been reported.
The company is the first private vaccine company in the country to deploy a terminal marketing network. As early as 2010, the company started to farm the end-of-the-market private vaccine company.
There are more than 300 municipalities, more than 2,600 districts, and more than 30,000 primary health-care centres (towns and communes, community clinics) in autonomous regions and municipalities, with the most extensive coverage in private vaccine enterprises.
From 2018 to 2019, the company experienced a rapid increase in revenue from agency products; in 2021, the company ' s co-researched new crown vaccine was approved for emergency use and the recovery rate resumed. Prior to 2017, the company had won proxy rights for products such as the Mersa Orphedra Triple, the 23-priced Pneumococcal vaccine, the hepatitis A vaccine, etc., but the agent ' s income grew slowly.
Slow, relying mainly on the booming of autonomous products and the growth of net profits. After 2017, benefiting from the high growth in sales of proxy products, the company’s performance entered a period of rapid growth, with a growth rate of more than 100% between 2017 and 2019. Even as a result of the 2020 epidemic, the national non-immunization seedlings were sold to a lesser extent.
In 2021, revenues from the sale of new crown vaccine products made up for the impact of the epidemic on other product sales, reaching $21,829 million in the first three quarters of 2021, a year-on-year increase2 and a firm partnership with Mercerton, which helped the agency.
From 2011 to the present, the company, thanks to its excellent marketing channels and outreach capabilities, has repeatedly renewed its agency agreement with Mercerton and has been granted exclusive authority over the four-priced and nine-priced hpv vaccine in mainland China. In 2011, the company signed a contract with the United States of America, Mercer Shatton, which is responsible for the Mashadon Mupazum vaccine and 23-priced pneumococcal multi-sugar vaccine in China.
In 2012, the company signed an agreement with Mossaton for a five-priced live vaccine for the oral rotavirus, under which the company would be responsible for marketing and marketing the product in mainland China. In the same year and 2013, the Department renewed the extension service contract and continued to be responsible for the 23-priced multi-sugar vaccine for pneumocococcal pneumococcal and hepatitis A.
In 2017, the four-priced hpv vaccine was approved in the country, and the company successfully renewed its cooperation agreement and acquired exclusive agency, which led to a breakthrough in its performance. In 2018, the company further obtained exclusive access to the nine-priced hpv vaccine through a supplementary agreement.
Agreement signed by Shatun to renew 5 domestic agents of vaccine products until 30 June 2023. Chart 10 signed an agency agreement with Merchaton for 2.1 hpv - a successful example of new vaccine roll-out, adult vaccine market
By entering into an agreement with the country’s leading sales capacity, the company was the sole agent for two Hpv vaccines produced by Mercerton. With the accumulated marketing power of many years, the company formed a stable sales agent with Mercerton for many years.
The Hpv vaccine plays a key role in the prevention and treatment of cervical cancer. Hpv is highly contagious and pathogenic and causes cancer, which causes women in developing countries to have cervical cancer.
Human papilloma virus (hpv) is a small, unfilm dna virus that can infect skin or mucous cells, is highly contagious, and most people are infected at some point in their lives. As few as 14 Hpv genotypes are known to cause cancer.
Risk: A normal immune system takes 15 to 20 years for women with cervical cancer; a weak immune system can take only 5 to 10 years. Cervical cancer is the most common disease associated with hpv so far, almost all cases of cervical cancer (99%) are related to the infection of hpv, of which about 70% have two types of cervical cancer.
Cervical cancer is the fourth most common cancer among women in the world, with WHO estimating that there were about 570,000 new cases and 260,000 deaths worldwide in 2018, accounting for 7.5% of all cancer deaths among women. Every year, more than 85% of deaths from cervical cancer occur in low- and middle-income countries.
Chart 12 The prevalence of Hpv genes in the top ten cases of female cervical cancer in China is significantly higher than in high-income countries and regions such as North America, Western Europe, and South Korea. According to the database, according to Globocan, the number of cervical cancer cases in the country as of 2020 was
In comparison, the morbidity and mortality rate for cervical cancer in the country is significantly higher than the rate of 8.1 per 100,000 women and the death rate of 1.8 per 100,000 women.
In November 2020, the World Health Organization (WHO) developed the Global Strategy for Accelerated Eradication of Cervical Cancer as a Public Health Problem, which proposes:
The total health threshold is 4 cases of cervical cancer per 100,000 women/year. The target is to fully immunize hpv by age from 2 to 2030. According to the model published in The Lancet, if the target of “90-70-90” is to be achieved in low-income and low-middle-income countries by 2030, the rate of cervical cancer will be in 2045.
The number of places will drop by 42% and by 97% by 2120, avoiding more than 74 million new cases of cervical cancer. The Hpv vaccine is safe and effective in preventing Hpv infection. The World Health Assembly recommended that children aged 9-14 years be vaccinated against Hpv before they become sexually active.
The clinical trials and post-market monitoring show that the Hpv vaccine is safe and effective in preventing Hpv infections, high-level precancer and leachate cancers. An analysis of the Hpv vaccination programme for girls in 14 high-income countries in 2019 shows that eight years have passed since vaccination began.
The rate of diagnosis of anal genitalia among women aged 25-29 fell by 31 per cent, boys aged 15-19 by 48 per cent, and men aged 20 by 32 per cent. Similarly, a study of women aged 20-29 in a region of the United States found that the Hpv type of vaccine was targeted among inoculated and unvaccinated women within about 10 years of vaccination.
The Hpv vaccine is in short supply in the country, and Mercado products have an absolute advantage, and three Hpv vaccines have been licensed by the US Food and Drug Administration (fda) worldwide:
The nine-priced Hpv vaccine (gardasil9, 9vhpv), the four-priced Hpv vaccine (gardasil, 4vhpv) and the two-priced Hpv vaccine (cervarix, 2vhpv) produced by gsk. The two-priced Hpv vaccine contains 16 and 18-type Hpv protein, which prevents 70% cervical cancer; the four-priced Hpv vaccine contains 6, 11, 11, 11,
16 and 18 hpv proteins, of which Hpv6 and 11 result in 90 per cent anal gluten; the nine-price hpv vaccine contains five additional carcinogens of hpv (types 31, 33, 45, 52 and 58), which can be prevented 20 per cent of cervical cancer, with a total coverage of 90 per cent for cervical cancer prevention.
In the domestic market, three imported Hpv vaccines, and the two-priced Hpv vaccine produced by Vantai, are being sold simultaneously. In addition to the difference in the Hpv genotype covered, there are other differences: the age range for the two-priced Hpv vaccine is the widest, 9 to 45-year-old women, and the age for the four-price Hpv vaccine.
The range of applications is 9 to 45 for women, and the age range of the nine-priced hpv vaccine is 16 to 26.
In a cell-based tlr4, the fuselage produces a stronger immune response. In terms of prices, the price of the two-priced Hpv vaccine is significantly lower than that of the imported gsk vaccine. The two Hpv vaccines in Mercado, though relatively expensive, cover more Hpv genotypes and are currently non-competitive.
Chart 15 compares the different types of Hpv vaccine approved in the country. In the domestic market, the long-term trend is to replace the four- and nine-price vaccine with the second-price vaccine.
In 2017, the four-priced Hpv vaccine was approved in the country, and the company became the sole national agent for the product. In 2018, the company obtained exclusive rights to the nine-priced Hpv vaccine through a supplementary agreement.
The nine-price hpv vaccine is the only Hpv vaccine currently on sale. Therefore, the four-priced and nine-priced Hpv vaccine is now on the market at a significantly higher rate than the two-priced Hpv vaccine. In contrast to the United States, the nine-price Hpv vaccine is the only Hpv vaccine currently on sale.
There is a long-term trend towards a sustained expansion in the domestic market, thanks to its product advantage. The domestic distribution of Hpv vaccines (in thousands of bottles/packages) is not saturated in each quarter of 162017-2021, and new entrants do not increase competition.
The year saw the publication of the Comprehensive Cervical Cancer Control Guide, which focuses on girls aged 13 to 15 years with Hpv vaccines. At present, our adolescent women do not have effective Hpv vaccination coverage: according to bulk issuances, in 2020, the penetration rate of gsk 2-priced Hpv vaccines among the respective age groups was 0.22% and 10,000.
In contrast, the average vaccination rate for women aged 18-26 in the United States is more than 50%. Analysis of the difference in vaccination rates between U.S. and U.S. Hpv is mainly due to the following factors:
Point: 1hpv vaccine is not available as a whole. The Hpv vaccine currently produced in Mercado is the only source of Hpv vaccines at a price of 4 or 9; there is a huge supply gap between the country’s high demand for Hpv vaccines and the country’s high demand for them.
The Hpv vaccine is more effective than four and two. Due to supply constraints, the nine-priced Hpv vaccine is in serious supply and demand-deprived in the country, and in some parts it may lead to some people missing the best years of vaccination. The level of awareness of the Hpv vaccine still needs to be improved.
The level of awareness and willingness to immunize the Hpv vaccine is still low. Only 18.9% of junior secondary school students have heard of the Hpv vaccine, and only 26.7% ~ 36.7% of parents are willing to give their children the Hpv vaccine. Even in Europe, where the Hpv vaccination rate is high, young people still have insufficient knowledge of the Hpv and vaccine (45.1%).
Figure 17 Permeability rates among the population aged for the various types of Hpv vaccine in the country The development of Hpv vaccine in the country has progressed faster, and market education has been synchronized with national substitution, but in the coming years the market for Hpv, at 4 and 9 prices, will continue to be dominated by two products from Mercadón.
Research and development is on the move: in addition to the second-priced Hpv vaccine in Vantaa, which was marketed in 2020, the double-priced Hpv vaccine in Yu Creek was entered into the listing application phase in July 2020. In addition, there are two four-priced Hpv vaccine, four-priced Hpv vaccine, and one-priced Hpv vaccine in Rico.
The price of Hpv vaccine has entered the clinical iii period. There are also 11-priced Hpv vaccine from the national drug, the second price of Hpv vaccine from the Vantai organism, the 14-priced Hpv vaccine from the Shenzhen cell, and the four-priced Hpv vaccine from Shanghai.
The market for Hpv at 4 and 9 will remain dominated temporarily by Mossad. Moreover, even though there is a large number of manufacturers of Hpv in the country, the domestic Hpv vaccine is in a state of undersupply and the market is far from saturated, so new entrants will not increase competition; on the contrary, the entry of new manufacturers will help promote market education among the various manufacturers, plus
On the basis of this, the Hpv vaccine in Mercadón has been scaled up in tandem with the market by pre-emptive advantage. Chart 18 shows progress in the development of Hpv vaccine in the country.
The volume of Hpv vaccine purchases agreed to by the company and Mercerton increased by 24% to 45% in 2021. In January-June of the year, the base purchase of Hpv vaccine was $10,289 million, $11,557 million and $6,260 million, respectively. 2.2 The mature marketing team plus the multi-dimensional self-research product line built heavy pneumonia vaccine products.
Twenty-three-priced pneumonia vaccine is mainly applied to the elderly population to prevent pneumococcal infections. Pneumococcal infections can lead to serious invasive diseases and are a major cause of global mortality among children under the age of 5. Pneumococcal infections can trigger serious diseases such as meningitis, sepsis, and pneumonia.
Prior to pcv, 6-11 serotypes accounted for more than 70% of all invasive pneumococcal diseases (ipd). The average annual incidence of ipd among children under 2 years of age was 444 per 100,000 in Europe and 16.7 per 100,000 in the United States. On average, about 75 per cent of the cases of pneumococcus and 83 per cent of the cases of pneumocococcal meningitis occurred.
Among children under 2 years of age, the mortality rate of children at ipid is high, with sepsis reaching 20% and meningitis up to 50% in low- and middle-income countries. The introduction of pneumococcal vaccine can effectively reduce severe (invasive) pneumococcal disease and lung disease in a region.
Inflammation. A total of 142 countries introduced pcv in 2018, with an average neonatal vaccination rate of 45%.
Two types of pneumococcal vaccine have been approved for listing in the United States: Pfizer-produced pneumocococcal combination vaccine (pcv13), and Mercado pneumococcal multi-sugar vaccine (ppsv23).cdc recommends that all children under 2 years of age and those aged 2 years or over who suffer from certain diseases be vaccinated with pcv13 and adults aged 65 or over.
Clinical doctors discuss and decide to inoculate pcv13; all adults aged 65 or over, persons aged 2 to 64 with certain diseases, and adults aged 19 to 64 who smoke.pcv13 can be induced to use psv23 for 1, 4, 1, 2, 3, 4, 6b, 7f, 8, 9n, 9v, 10a, 11a, 12f, 14, 15b,
17f, 18c, 19a, 19f, 20, 22f, 23f, 33f serotype antibodies.
Pneumococcal vaccine is among the highest in the world and high in developed countries. The global market for pneumoccal vaccine is estimated at $8.4 billion in 2021, projected to reach $11.8 billion by 2026, with a compound annual growth rate of 7 per cent.
The pcv13 vaccination rate is 40% and the ppsv23 vaccination rate is 43.2%. There are currently two types of products on the domestic market for pneumonia vaccine: ppsv23, which is aimed mainly at the elderly population and some of the population aged 2 to 65; pcv13, which is aimed mainly at children under 2 years of age.
In the year 2020, the total number of vaccines issued for pneumococcal vaccine amounted to 28,2819,000, of which 23 were issued for pneumococcal multi-sugar vaccine a total of 17,393,300.
The penetration rate of 23-priced pneumococcal multi-sugar vaccine is less than 1%, and there is a very large gap with the United States. Chart 202015-2020: Distribution of domestic Pneumoccal vaccine (in thousands)
Following Watson and Contaire, several vaccines for pneumonia, including the company, are in the advanced stages of clinical development, and future vaccines for pneumonia will be fully replaced by national production. In 2017-2021, Watson and Contaire completed the complete layout of the product lines for pneumonia vaccine.
National 13-priced pneumonia vaccine has also been rapidly and successfully managed to catch up with imported vaccines, and there is a growing degree of national substitution for pneumonia vaccine. A number of other national pneumonia vaccines are about to be approved over the next three to five years. Of the national pcv13 products studied, the fastest-growing state, Lanzhou, and Concino, have entered the iii clinical phase.
In addition, the company’s 15-priced pneumococcal combination vaccine is already in clinical iii, a heavy-pound product that deserves to be expected.
The company's 15-priced pneumococcal combination vaccine is intended for people over the age of February, covering 15 serotypes with the highest detection rates in the Asian region, which are also consistent with the country's dominant serotype distribution. The product is expected to be marketed in about 2024. On the one hand, the market has matured, and the company will fully enjoy it.
On the other hand, the company’s 15-priced product has the potential to gradually replace other 13-priced pneumococcal combination vaccine with its significant advantage. A well-developed marketing system + a highly differentiated product-specific Pneumococcal product matrix has increased rapidly since it was marketed.
Long. The company has developed a mature marketing team during the proxy marketing of the product of the mercantine pneumonia vaccine. No, the company has three growth points on the list of pneumonia vaccine products: from the point of view of product characteristics, the company is studying pcv15, which covers more serotypes than pcv13 and is better suited for vaccination in China, and is expected to evolve into a replacement;2
The age-appropriate population perspective, as the company ' s two products are rolled out, will provide age-wide coverage for children under 2 years of age and those over 2 years of age, and will fully benefit from the growth of the entire pneumonia vaccine market and the dividends of the national production substitution process;3 and the marketing promotion perspective, whereby the existing mature marketing teams will serve the marketing of self-researched products.
Product differentiation advantages also help end-to-end extension and market education, and the product is expected to increase rapidly when it is marketed. These points ensure a rapid increase in sales of company products after they are marketed, while self-researching products have a higher profitability and companies are expected to increase their profits rapidly while increasing their sales earnings.
The company’s two self-research vaccines for pneumonia or will achieve more than $5 billion in sales revenue by 2025 The sale of 23-priced vaccines for pneumonia and 13-priced vaccines for pneumonia has expanded rapidly, reaching a market size of 10 billion yuan in 2020.
Over $3 billion, an increase of 82% over the same year: the 13-priced market space for pneumonia vaccine was over $7 billion, an increase of 116% over the same year. Since the introduction of two vaccines for pneumonia into the domestic market, there has been a decline in bulk issuances in 2016, with increases in other years, especially 13-priced vaccines for pneumonia.
23-valent projection of vaccine elimination for pneumonia: Scenario 1: In estimating the total population, take into account three implications: (a) the opening up of the three-child policy to encourage fertility, (b) the decline in the willingness of the population of appropriate age to give birth, (c) the delay in the age of first birth, and (c) the “after 90” age of childbearing, which is a component of the population.
As a result, and in the absence of any change in the status quo, assume that scenario 2: a combination of 23-priced doses of vaccine for pneumonia has increased in the past, current penetration rates, a combination of non-immun programming markets in the country, the impact of the new coronary epidemic on people's vaccination hospitals and the Global Pneumonia Vaccine City
In the next five years, a variety of impact factors, such as the compound rate of growth in the field, are assumed to be the issuance of 23-priced vaccines for pneumonia in 2020-2025
Impact factors such as the combined increase in the market for immunization planning seedlings, the impact of the new coronary epidemic on the population's vaccination hospital and the compound rate of growth of the global pneumonia vaccine in the next five years, assuming that the 13+15 Pneumonia vaccine batch 2020-2025 assumes that every infant and child vaccinated 13 or 15 Pneumonia will receive 4 doses of the vaccine throughout its life cycle
Scenario 4: assuming that the company ' s 15-priced pneumonia vaccine was marketed in 2024, and given the mid-point above
2.3 The rapid rise in the rate of oral five-priced rotational vaccines, the use of rotavirus vaccines to prevent severe dehydration of diarrhoea in children under 5 years of age, which is the main cause of severe dehydration of diarrhoea in children under 5 years of age worldwide.
There are more than 25 million outpatient consultations and more than 2 million hospitalizations. Rotary viruses affect the vast majority of children under 3 globally, as well as children under 1 year of age in most developing countries. Severe rotavirus gastrointestinal inflammation is mainly limited to children between 6 and 24 months of age.
Figure 25 shows the under-5 mortality rate due to rotavirus infections (case 100,000) worldwide, with six rotavirus vaccines on the market. In the United States, two rotavirus vaccines have been approved for use.
Infants: one is the retaq (rv5), a live, oral, five-priced virus seedling containing five human cattle recombinant rota strains, approved by fda in 2006 for all infants in the United States. The other is a vaccine called Rotarix(rv1), produced by gsk, which is a unit-priced and live vaccine containing a single-cost detoxification vaccine.
A g1p special human rota strain, approved by fda in June 2008, is made of a rota virus that was initially separated from the human body and weakened in the laboratory. The other four are: Rotavac, licensed in India in 2014, a unit-priced live vaccine containing g9p.
Rotaviin-m1, licensed in Viet Nam in 2007, containing g1p rotavirus strains; Rotwe, licensed in China in 2000, produced by Lanzhou, containing g10p lamb wheel disease toxic strains; Rotasiil, the first five-priced vaccine in the world to be cold enough to reach 25°c or below
The real-world statistics show that rotational vaccinations have effectively reduced rotavirus hospitalization and death: in 2014, a review of available clinical trial data in countries using rotavirus vaccines found that rotavirus vaccines have resulted in the hospitalization of rotaviruses.
Treatment was reduced by 49-92%, and hospital treatment for diarrhoea by 17-55%. A 2009 review estimated that a rotavirus vaccine could prevent the death of approximately 45% of rotavirus gastroenteritis.
In 2020, Rotateq and Gsk sold $797 million and $559 million globally, respectively, ranking among the top 10 vaccines in global sales, the absolute heavy-pound species. Mercado's five-priced rotateq was sold.
In 2020, the revenue from the sale of rotarix decreased, mainly because of the low stock of channels in the United States market. Currently, two rounds of viral vaccine are being sold in the country, and the imported vaccine rotatek is being approved late, but approved.
The Rhodesweeds produced in Lanzhou were put on the market in 2000, with the latest winning price of $187 per agent, sold in the country in 2000, and the latest winning price of $293 per agent in the country. Although the price of the rotateq was higher than the cost of the national plague, it was able to prevent more serotypes, followed by a rapid increase in issuances, and the second year of listing was already on the market.
Figures for 2007-2020 (million doses) published in figure 28 indicate a global coverage rate of about 46%. However, according to the country ' s 2020 approvals, the number of vaccines for the virus is estimated to be about 46%.
The prevalence rate is about 33% for the population under one year of age and 21.75% for the population under three years of age. There are two possible reasons for the low penetration rate of the domestic Rotwe vaccine: one who is concerned about the side effects of a rotavirus vaccine.
The virus vaccine rotashield was out of the market in 1999, one year later, because of the risk of intestinal coiling. However, post-market vaccine monitoring studies in the United States found that the risk of intestinal coiling from both types of vaccine was very low, about one to five cases per 100,000 infants. Moreover, rotarix was in China, Hong Kong, China, and China.
Both Taiwan and Singapore have conducted clinical trials, which have shown that their total effectiveness against severe gastrointestinal inflammation caused by rotaviruses is 96.1%, and that 2 rounds of viral vaccine are currently non-immunated seedlings that require self-inoculation by parents. Most of the vaccines administered to infants and young children in our country are now included in immunization programmes and are free of charge, and therefore at their own expense.
With the combined effect of education and improved consumption structures, immunization coverage is expected to improve. As the product market expands, parents will become aware of the importance of vaccination against the virus and of the need for vaccination against it.
The vaccine itself is safe; as the income of the population improves and the standard of living rises, the vaccine is gradually accepted by parents. With concerted efforts, the penetration rate of the vaccine is expected to converge towards the world average, thus creating a huge potential market space for growth.
Of the domestic research products, Wuhan's oral six-priced verovirus live vaccine (Vero cell) has progressed faster. Five are currently in the clinical phase of the country's research and development of Rota virus vaccine, the more advanced of which is Wuhan's oral six-price vero live vaccine (Vero cell), which entered the clinical ii in June 2021.
Hepatitis A has a high rate of infection in the country and is one of the major communicable diseases to be tackled in the coming years.
Hepatitis A is a hepatitis disease caused by the hepatitis A virus (hav), which is widespread and epidemic worldwide. Unlike hepatitis B and C, hepatitis A does not cause chronic hepatitis, but causes debilitating symptoms. WHO estimates that 7134 people worldwide died of hepatitis A (or viral hepatitis) in 2016.
Hepatitis A is widespread and epidemic worldwide, with a cyclical resurgence trend. For example, an epidemic in Shanghai in 1988 affected some 300,000 people. Hepatitis A virus persists in the environment and can be re-established in food production processes that are often used to kill or control bacterial pathogens.
The rate of hepatitis A infection is high and has not yet been effectively controlled. According to the epidemiological survey published by the Public Health Science Data Centre, the higher the age, the higher the infection rate of hepatitis A, and higher in rural than urban areas, it is generally 50-80%. On this basis, 700-800 million people in China have been infected with hepatitis A. According to the blood seroflow in China.
The pathology survey showed that 36% - 47% of the spread of viral hepatitis A. Figure 30 Incidence and mortality of hepatitis A in China who committed to reducing global new viral hepatitis infections by 90% by 2030 and viral hepatitis
In May 2016, the World Health Assembly adopted the first global health sector disease and toxic hepatitis strategy. The vision is to eliminate viral hepatitis as a public health problem. Vaccination against hepatitis A is one of the most important measures to prevent hepatitis A infection. Hepatitis A vaccine has three main types: single seedlings, hepatitis A-B co-infection.
Hepatitis A-typhoid vaccine. Only single seedlings are being sold in the country. The company's Hepatitis A vaccine city is not very high, but it has a stable income. There are more companies producing Hepatitis A vaccine in the country, with bulk issuances dominated by home-grown vaccines, and the company's agent, Hepatitis A, is pure.
Hepatitis A has been on the national market since 2007, has been one of the expanded vaccines in May 2008, and free vaccination has been provided in some provinces and municipalities. The bulk issuance of hepatitis A is stable, with a peak of more than $5 billion at the average winning price.
Market shares are needed. Market patterns are stable, industry concentrations are higher, cr4 is over 90%. The company agent's Hepatitis A vaccine city has a low rate of around 1%, but sales are stable.3 Self-research products contribute high returns, confirming the company's R & D power
3.1 Reconfigure the new crown vaccine for emergency use, contributing more than $10 billion in revenue, and the spread of the mutant strains has caused the new crown outbreak to repeat itself, a new coronary virus that has been detected for two years now, the global epidemic is not completely controlled, and the poison is on the rise.
The new crown is a global epidemic caused by the infection of the sars-cov-2 virus. The virus is extremely contagious for 4 to 12 days. From the end of the year 2019, there have been cases of infection in various countries around the world. To control the spread of the disease, countries have imposed various levels of closure and shutdown. At the same time, the new coronary virus has changed in a number of locations.
According to the Asian Development Bank and the United Nations Development Programme, the global economy is expected to lose between $5.8 trillion and $8.8 trillion as a result of the new crown epidemic, which is equivalent to global production in 2020 (gdp).
There are now two types of mutagens of the new coronary virus that are classified as being of concern (voc). The sig variant classifier defines four types of sars-cov-2 variants: monitored variants (vbm), interested variants (voi), voi, voi, etc.
For the first time in India, the delta variant was confirmed to be more contagious and vulnerable to emergency use of the authorization (eua) monoclonal antibodies.
The effects of the treatment, the neutralization of the serum after vaccination, and the first recognition of the imicron mutagenic strain in South Africa are potentially increased transmission, some of the eua monoclonal antibody treatments are likely to reduce neutralization, and post-vaccination serums are likely to decrease.
As of June 2021, China had six new vaccines that had been approved for listing or granted emergency use, i.e., a live vaccine by the National Drug Group, Wuhan, and a live vaccine by the National Drug Group, Beijing.
The Hmongs, the Consinos' adrenaline vaccine, the Recombinant Protein subunit's new coronary vaccine, and the Contaire's new coronary vaccine, are currently the only vaccines that provide protective data for the new coronary mutagenic strains. The recombinant protein vaccine has been tested and developed several times, and has been confirmed to include influenza, herpes and herpes.
Safe and effective in other infectious diseases, such as hepatitis B. The advantages of recombinant protein vaccines are as follows: 1 can be produced on a fast scale using a production process with significant characteristics; 2 can be compatible with multiple septics and potentially enhance vaccine protection capabilities; 3 Recombinant protein vaccine formulations can normally be maintained at a standard cold temperature or room temperature for a longer period of time.
Preliminary analysis of the company's reorganization of its new crown vaccine multi-centre iii clinical trial (18 years and over) shows that the protective effect of the alpha variant is 92.68%;
The protective effect of Delta variants is 81.38%. The country has reached the peak of a new crown vaccine booster, and the company’s products are expected to be included in a booster needle. The country’s coverage of the new crown vaccine is close to 85%.
In-country vaccination of the new coronary vaccine has been carried out rapidly on a large scale, with a peak of vaccination coverage in May, June and November 2021. According to the national policy, at least six months after the completion of the entire vaccination cycle, intensive vaccinations have been carried out, with repeated outbreaks caused by the cumulative intake of cases, which will take place between the end of October 2021 and the beginning of 2022 in the country.
According to estimates from the data disclosed by the Health and Welfare Board, the proportion of people in the country who received at least one new shot has risen rapidly to 88%, from around 40% in June, and the number of people who completed the full course of vaccinations is about 85% of the total population, with the rate at the highest in the world.
The company’s product has not yet started a booster vaccination, but there are data that using the reprotein vaccine to recombinate the new crown vaccine will increase the protection rate. Currently, China Medicines, Beijing, Beijing, Wuhan, and Tianjin Concino have been vaccinated for the entire six-month period.
For people aged one year and over, a single dose of booster immunization is available, while Contell's new life crown vaccine and the new recombinant protein crown vaccine of the wise-flying creature have not yet been selected for the booster needle, but the literature suggests that the use of the recombinant new crown vaccine for extinction can trigger a higher level of medium- and t-cell reaction.
In clinical trials in mice with two doses of antikiller vaccines, the effects of body fluids and cyto-immunisation are different when administered separately by different vaccines. The antibodies and t-cell reactions are shown to be relatively low, but the ig2a/igg1 ratio is higher.
On the morning of December 13, a meeting of the National Health Council Party was held to convey the message of learning about central economics workers.
It was emphasized that the development and introduction of medicines, the implementation of vaccinations, the strengthening of vaccinations, the strengthening of capacity-building for prevention and treatment, etc., are in accordance with the law. Given that the reorganization of the new protein crown vaccine has shown better protection efficiency than the elimination vaccine, it is expected that the company ' s products will receive a booster injection or even a booster.
Combined with the company’s re-engineering of the new protein crown vaccine, which requires three needles, bright data on the efficiency of mutagenic protection, and so on, the revenue from the sale of the new crown vaccine product line in 2022 will be strongly supported. The demand for new crown vaccines in countries around the world is strong, and the potential export market for corporate products is huge.
To achieve effective prevention of the new coronary virus and its mutagenic strain, the global need for a new coronary vaccine remains to be met. According to Frost Sullivan, assuming a vaccine programme of two doses and considering global government procurement and reserves, the global need for new coronary vaccines will reach about 15 billion doses by 2026.
Under the circumstances, regular booster or re-inoculations may be required, and the promotion of the needles will be reinforced by a shortage of vaccines in some markets, particularly in low- and middle-income countries. According to public information, the company's re-engineering of the proteins, a new crown vaccine, is already on the market in Uzbekistan and has been approved for urgent use in Indonesia and Colombia.
The estimated revenue from the sale of the new crown vaccine in 2021 is about $12 billion, assuming 1: based on the company ' s collection structure for previous years ' quarterly reports, mid-reports, annual reports and the latest tri-quarter 2021, the new crown vaccine will generate about $12 billion in 2021.
Assumption 2: Assuming that the company has received a booster and is co-inoculated, the sales of the new crown vaccine have since moved closer to the influenza vaccine with the normalization of the epidemic and the introduction of the new vaccine.In summary, taking into account other factors such as the export of vaccines, the company’s new crown is projected to be 2021-2023.
3.2 The detection + prevention of the construction of the specialized nodule control matrix -- the heavy-pound micro-card, the Iyka camp -- we are a high-burden country with tuberculosis, and we have a long way to go. Tuberculosis is mainly caused by bacterium bacterium dichotomy and bacterium dichotomy, which has a large potential in the population.
Tuberculosis is transmitted by air, digestive tracts or other means. When humans are sick with tuberculosis, it causes the spread of tuberculosis by coughing out air. Tuberculosis can also be transmitted through digestive tracts, mostly because of the consumption of unsterilized or poorly sterilized milk or other foods that pollute human bacterium.
The number of people with latent infections in the population, about a quarter of the total population. According to ecological theory, the density of the population is increasing with urbanization, and so on.
The disease is one of the world’s 10 most deadly infectious diseases, and the current control is not as effective as expected. Tuberculosis and AIDS are the most common diseases in the world.
Diseases, malaria, are classified as the world’s three major infectious diseases, with more than 10 million new cases and 1.4 million deaths in 2019. Milestones by 2020: a 20% reduction in morbidity, less than half.
Currently, there are three main barriers to global tuberculosis control: 1) the current diagnosis of tuberculosis remains largely dependent on traditional anti-acid paints and Roshi culture techniques, and the accuracy and speed of detection are not ideal. Traditional anti-acid paint techniques are poorly sensitive, and there are problems with specimen acquisition;
Rhodes culture takes a long time to adapt to rapid diagnosis. While other emerging testing methods have partially increased sensitivity and efficiency, there are problems with people who cannot filter BCG vaccinations, HIV and TB co-infections, TB latents, etc.
There is BCG. BCG is not effective for adolescents and adults, especially for those affected by drug-resistant tuberculosis strains. It is not able to prevent the re-emergence of primary infections and latent infections in the lungs, which are limited. Therefore, effective prevention and treatment of high-risk adult populations exposed to the bacterial environment of tuberculosis is the end result.
3) Multi-drug resistance (mdr) and widespread drug resistance (xdr) TB ratios are on the rise. Currently, the greatest threat to tuberculosis is the emergence of multi-drug resistance (mdr) mtb strains of amphiboles and lifopinal resistance, and widespread resistance to at least four core anti-tuberculosis drugs.
In 2018, more than half a million people worldwide were diagnosed with multi-drug-resistant nuclear disease, and an estimated 50 million people were infected with multi-drug-resistant tuberculosis. In addition, the global prevalence of the disease was fuelled by co-morbidities with low levels of immunization, such as HIV infection and type 2 diabetes.
Of the 30 countries with a high burden of tuberculosis worldwide, China ranks third in the number of new cases per year, and is drug-resistant. Ten thousand people, more than 889,000 in 2018; treatment rate, 92%, and mortality rate, 5%. Trends indicate that the total number of cases of tuberculosis has been declining since 2000, but new tuberculosis has been reported since 2018.
The disease mortality rate has not declined inversely, indicating that the prevention and treatment of tuberculosis is still in urgent need of resolution. Based on screening results from the Kaijqft test box, China has an overall infection rate of 18.8% of latent tuberculosis in 2015. In addition, the proportion of potential TB carriers worldwide in 2014 was 23.0%, according to which the number of TB carriers in the country is estimated to be more than 300 million.
The serious problem is that China currently has more than 66,000 patients who are resistant to first-line treatment drugs, accounting for 13.6 per cent of the global multi-drug-resistant/elifupin tuberculosis cases, and more than 100,000 new cases per year. In 2018, only less than one quarter of the multi-drug-resistant tuberculosis patients (15,000) were diagnosed, of whom only 60 per cent (9,000) were diagnosed.
The country’s tuberculosis prevention and treatment programme is constantly demanding higher levels of tuberculosis control, especially in the case of tuberculosis patients, and the screening rate is 95%.
In February 2017, the State Department issued and implemented the 13th Five-Year National Tuberculosis Control Plan. By 2020, the overall rate of tuberculosis and suspected tuberculosis patients reported to be more than 95%.
In June 2019, the National Board of Health and Health, the Ministry of Finance, the National Health and Health Service, among others, published a plan of action to combat tuberculosis.
2019-2022). The Action Plan states that by 2022, the national tuberculosis incidence rate will have dropped from 59.3 per 100,000 in 2018 to 55 per 100,000, with a mortality rate of less than 3 per 100,000. At the same time, screening of key population groups will be intensified, with district (district)-based screening rates for those closely exposed to pathogenic positive tuberculosis.
Based on the type of detection, the diagnostic market for tuberculosis can be broken down into radio-image methods, laboratory diagnostic methods, nucleic acid tests, detection of latent infections.
(Segregated as TB Skin (tst) and Disturbance Sograss (gras), fungi testing, cell factors testing, and resistance testing. Laboratory diagnostic methods are higher because of economical and easy-to-operability features. In the past, in countries with high tuberculosis burden, the financial and technical costs were not even higher.
In China, the immunization diagnostics industry has grown rapidly in recent years, at an annual compound rate of over 20%, and as technology progresses, immunisation diagnostics have replaced biochemistry as the largest segment of China’s in vitro diagnostic market, accounting for about 38% of the total in vitro diagnostic market.
The company’s ec test can effectively distinguish BCG from tuberculosis infections, without a cross-response to most non-tuberculosis infections, and can be used for supplementary tuberculosis diagnosis.
There is a large market for the screening of people who have contracted tuberculosis, such as users, prison inmates, people living in high-tuberculosis areas, etc.. The bcg-ppds under study by ec can be used jointly in the future, distinguishing between BCG-inoculated, BCG-infested, and tuberculosis-infiltration infections, depending on the response of the two reagents.
The product addresses a 100-year-old product of nodule fungus products, which has been in place at the provincial level, while other provinces are in the process.
ec Tests grew in tandem with the medical examination market and by 2025 the market size was 200 million yuan or more. The Technical Regulations for Tuberculosis Prevention and Control in China (2020 edition) called for preventive treatment of tuberculosis for the following subjects: 1 person under 5 years of age who is in close contact with pathogenically positive TB patients;2
(b) New ltbi people, such as students who are in close contact with active tuberculosis patients;
For implants or bone marrow transplanters, silicon pulmonary patients, and ltbi with long-term application of sugar corrosive hormones or other immunosuppressants. One to three of these are focused on subjects. The overall market size of nodule testing is estimated on this basis: assuming 1:2018, the incidence of tuberculosis in the country is 59.3 per 100,000.
By 2022, the incidence of tuberculosis will be reduced to 55 per 100,000 people. On this basis, the number of new cases of tuberculosis in China in 2022 is estimated to be around 790,000.
Assumption 3: According to our tuberculosis control plan, the screening rate for tuberculosis patients is expected to reach a close-up population.
According to the Chinese Health Statistics Yearbook, the number of medical examinations in 2019 was about 590 million, with an estimated annual compound growth rate of about 6% of the size of the medical examination market in the coming years. Assumption 5: it is assumed that the cost of a single test of nodules is 25 yuan.
Assumption 6: Considering that the company is listed on the bcg-ppd under study, it can be used in conjunction with ec, distinguishing between BCG-influenza, BCG-inoculated-positive, tuberculosis-infected populations based on the results of the response of the two reagents. As a result, ec's penetration increased further, with company products in tuberculosis from 2020 to 2025.
The TB vaccine is still the blue sea market, and the company microcard is the global exclusive microcard, and until it is approved, BCG is the only vaccine on the market in a preventive treatment programme for tuberculosis, but the actual protection rate has not been fully validated. BCG’s effectiveness in fighting TB is controversial, but it is the only one that has been approved.
BCG is the only vaccine approved since 1921 for nuclear disease prevention that has been obtained from BBM. Who recommends that, in countries or areas where tuberculosis or leprosy is common, all healthy babies be vaccinated at birth as much as possible.
In China, BCG is a planned vaccine that is normally inoculated within 24 hours of birth, and the vaccination rate has reached 100%. In actual vaccination cases, however, BCG has no significant long-term protection effectiveness: during the neonatal period.
The average rate of protection against tuberculosis is 51% for children who receive BCG in their infancy, as shown by long-term observations, compared to 50% in case control studies. The rates of protection for tuberculosis-related deaths, tuberculosis meningitis, dispersion, tuberculosis are 65%, 64%, and 78%, respectively.
The protection rate is the highest (60% - 80%), while clinical trials in the tropics usually show a low rate of protection, even if BCG is unable to contain the spread of tuberculosis among the population.
In addition, the current effectiveness of BCG is not sufficient to eliminate the spread of tuberculosis in the population. According to public data, the value of TB r0 in China is 4.3 in 2012, based on the basic population formula vc=(1-r0)/e(e) is epidemic.
However, BCG is currently far from having achieved this standard, especially among young people and adults. Therefore, the bcg does not affect tuberculosis by its very nature.
In summary, the search for an improved tuberculosis vaccination strategy is the focus of international research. One strategy is to replace BCG with a more effective vaccine to provide continuous protection for adults. Or to develop a vaccine that can “repair” bcg-induced immunity and prevent it from falling below the point of effectiveness.
Two types - improved tuberculosis vaccine and bdg booster needles. Improved nodule vaccine and the possible level of immunization of bcg booster needles with age change.
The United Nations and the World Health Organization have called for the development of age-appropriate preventive treatments. To control the spread of tuberculosis, the United Nations has developed a strategy to control the spread of tuberculosis.
The emergence of drug-resistant tuberculosis has made it more difficult to control it. With regard to adult tuberculosis prevention, there are a number of drugs and treatment programmes for tuberculosis prevention around the world.
The number of cases of drug-resistant tuberculosis in countries with new cases of tuberculosis is higher than the percentage of cases of drug-resistant tuberculosis (2017), and the injection of cow-coated bacterium (microcarda), developed by companies autonomously, was first approved for tuberculosis prevention.
In the global nodule vaccine development process, a total of 14 projects have entered the clinical trial phase, with a strategy that includes a remodeled bcg vaccine, a live cow branch bacterium vaccine, a mtb detoxification strain, subunit vaccines, etc. As a result of the properties of the nodule bacterium and the lack of funding for research and development, clinical trials for tuberculosis vaccine are more difficult to advance.
Large. And because of the fact that TB branch bacterium survives in human cells and escapes human immune responses, the lack of immunological markers for predicting vaccine protection and finding effective anti-tuberculosis vaccine are extremely challenging, leading to only a dozen entering human clinical research so far. In June 2021, the company obtained a cow bacillus (microcard) by injection.
The product is the first and only product in the country and abroad that can be marketed simultaneously to prevent the incidence of tuberculosis in the population of latent infections and to assist in the treatment of tuberculosis. With the approval of new microcards, the company started the first time.
Market access for this product has been achieved in 19 provinces, such as Chongqing, Anhui, Shandong, Sichuan, Shanghai, etc.
In direct competition, the main reasons are different: (i) the treatment is different. The microcards are used by tuberculosis carriers, and the tuberculosis boosters are supplementary vaccines to BCG. (ii) the applicable age groups are different. Concino's studies of tuberculosis strengthens the vaccine for the 4-18 age group, providing protection against tuberculosis infection at an earlier stage; and the microcards are mainly targeted at the 4-18 age group.
Youth and adult potential tuberculosis infected groups The micro-card market space is expected to exceed $4 billion in 2025 for tuberculosis carriers, mainly for adolescents and adult potential tuberculosis infected groups.
ihme published data on 432 million cases of latent infections of bacterium tuberculosis in 2019 in our country, together with scenario 1: assuming that, as tuberculosis control moves forward and new vaccine (mica) vaccinations are spread, scenario 2: two factors drive screening of the ltbi population, one being screening of the high-risk population and the number of people close to it
Assumption 3: 2012 surveys show 5.7 per cent of new cases of multi-drug-resistant tuberculosis, 25.6 per cent of former cases of multi-drug-resistant tuberculosis, and 8.3 per cent of all cases of combined tuberculosis.
The proportion of drug-resistant infections in the ltbi population has gradually increased, from 9.0 per cent/9.1 per cent in 2021 to 2025, respectively, assuming that: about 10 per cent to 20 per cent of drug-resistant cases are currently detected owing to the low success rate of drug-resistant cases, false assumption 5: assuming continuous market education with ec and end extension, microcards are in the second year of listing
The sales were spread rapidly and, as the preferred method of prevention for the ltbi population and the only means of prevention for the drug-resistant ltbi population, the sales of microcards in 2021 ~ 2025 were 12/242/506/784.08 million, respectively.
Meningococcal vaccines are mainly for children, and the distribution of the old ones is stable.
Meningocococcal disease is a serious infectious disease caused mainly by meningococcus, with the highest incidence among infants under the age of December, with symptoms similar to influenza, which are difficult to detect at an early stage. The mortality rate is about 20 to 35%. Meningococcal disease can also lead to long-term disabilities.
The antigens of sugar are divided into several serum groups, of which a, b, c, w135, y are the most prevalent strain in the world, China is dominated by a, b, c, and the incidence of the w135 is rising. Currently, the vaccine is on the market in the form of a multi-sugar vaccine and a combination of vaccines, consisting of five types: a multi-group.
Sugar vaccines (mena), ac multi-sugar vaccines, ac-combined vaccines, acyw 135 groups of meningococcal multi-sugar vaccines (mpsv4) and acyw 135 groups of meningococcal multi-sugar vaccines (mcv4), have a clear advantage over multi-sugar vaccines combined with vaccines. The difference in mechanisms determines the clinical effect.
There are significant differences in the face. The multi-sugar antigens are mostly non-dependent t-cell antigens, so the multi-sugar vaccine has the following characteristics: it produces only a slight immune response in infants and young children (generally under 2 years of age) and does not even produce an immune response; it produces low-affinity and force antibodies, mainly the igm antibodies; it produces only a brief immune response and does not have the opposite.
Immunological memory and immune-enhanced effects at the time of re-inoculation; easy to generate immunisation; common mutagenics are not easily immune-enhanced to this antigen. These deficiencies of multi-sugar vaccines have been effectively overcome by combining vaccines. In combination, multiple sugar and carrier protein co-prices can significantly increase the immune progeny of multi-sugar, producing high affinity and strength resistance.
And memory b cells, which can be used to enhance immunization and increase the immune response. Combining proteins can promote antibodies that mature and increase their affinity, while at the same time inducing the immunological memory of the inoculation against membrane multi-sugar, so that the dominant protected species are now the old varieties of multi-sugar vaccine, with a gradual increase in the share of vaccines.
Vaccination rates are high among children under 2 years of age, reaching about 99.5% in 2016. In terms of numbers, multi-sugar a vaccine and multi-sugar ac vaccine, which are part of the immunization programme, are issued mostly for children over 2 years of age. ac combined vaccines and acyw135 combined vaccines are intended primarily for children under 2 years of age.
Immunisation is more effective, longer protective period, broader protection coverage, and batch issuance ratio is increasing gradually. Figure 48 (millions) mvc is replacing mpsv, the company mcv4 or listed in 2023
The country has a high rate of vaccination against meningococcal vaccine, a low incidence rate and a high number of approved companies. The number of new cases of meningococcal disease has remained constant at around 100-200 per year; the overall rate of vaccination against meningococcal meningitis is around 99.7 per cent. In 2019, China issued a total of 61.04 million meningococcal vaccines, of which a total of 6.04 million were issued.
On the basis of the distribution data, the rate of vaccinations for first- and second-price meningitis vaccine is about 89%, and for four-priced meningitis vaccine is about 11%.A combination of vaccines is currently being developed in the country, with companies covering both mcv2-hib and mcv4 of importance.
Mcv2 of the sky and biology, and mcv2-hib of the Olympic, wise-flying mackerel are being studied. Currently, the vaccine against meningitis is widely used in developed countries for a 4-valent combination of meningitis vaccine products, i.e. mcv4, specifically menveol of GlaxoSko, menactral of Seinofibald and nimenrixll of Pfizer.
None of the above three products has been registered in the country.
The company's self-research product has covered most of the cerebral vaccine varieties, and the product matrix is nearing completion. Two self-research products, acyw 135 groups of meningococcal multi-sugar vaccines and a group of c groups of meningococcal multi-sugar vaccines, have been approved.
Clinical iii, or marketed in the next 1-2 years. 3D seedlings and mcv4 will gradually replace other vaccines, and in this context, corporate brain products will be sold in excess of $2 billion in 2030.
China’s market demand for mcv2 and mcv4 will increase significantly over the next 5 to 10 years. By 2030, the domestic market for meningitis vaccine is expected to increase significantly to RMB 7 billion by 2030.
The growth was mainly due to higher unit prices for non-immunized meningitis vaccine and to a wider application of multi-sugar vaccine. Of this, mcv4 gradually replaced other products, with sales reaching $5.496 billion in 2030 and a compound growth rate of 35.38 per cent in 2022-2030.
In the context of the market share of corporate brain products in the country over the past few years, current market competition and progress in the pipeline of individual reserves, it is estimated that the scale of sales of corporate brain vaccine product matrices will exceed 3.4 in 2025, or that the company will re-launch three in 2022 on the basis of hib-based seedlings.
Hib, a combination of vaccines, can be effective in preventing heb infection. Hib, which is mainly a cause of meningitis and pneumonia, is the primary cause of bacterial meningitis among our children, usually affecting children under five years of age.
In the case of children under the age of December, heb is the leading cause of non-prevalence of bacterial meningitis. More than 90% of the cases of invasive heb diseases occur in children under the age of five.
Prior to the introduction of the hib vaccination, about 3-5% of healthy pre-school children in developed countries were an insymptomatic heb carrier. Another study suggests that the rate of children under 5 years of age in Taiwan, China, and Hong Kong, China, was 0.6% - 1.3%. In 2000, only 62 Member States had included the heb vaccine in their national immunization procedures; in that year, the number of children under 5 years of age who were pregnant with HIV/AIDS had risen to around 60% - 1.3%.
Heb caused serious illness among at least 8.13 million children between the ages of 1 and 59 worldwide, and caused some 371,000 deaths. As of March 2013, 184 countries and territories (81 per cent of children born in 2012) had integrated heb vaccine into their immunization plans. In these countries, the use of heb vaccine has caused the incidence of heb disease.
There has been a sharp decline of more than 90%. In areas where immunization coverage has reached high levels, there has also been a significant decrease in the snorting rate of hib, partly because of the protective effects of the use of hib combined vaccines.
WHO has produced a number of documents to support the promotion of the hib vaccine, with the goal of integrating the Hib vaccine into infant immunization planning in all countries by 2022. Vaccination remains the only effective means of preventing the heb disease; and vaccination is even more necessary as heb has become resistant to an increasing number of antibiotics.
In September, the World Health Organization launched the Global Road Map to End Meningitis by 2030, in which the aim of the Hib virus is to integrate haemophilus influenzae type B vaccine (by 2022) into routine infant and child immunization planning in all countries. According to the latest World Health Organization report, more than 100 countries have included heb vaccine combinations.
Figure 56 Global Road Map to End Meningitis by 2030, which is related to the Hib vaccine. In 2020, the company ' s Hib combined vaccine issuances rose sharply.
The Hib vaccine produced in the state of Westland was purchased early to serve as its sole agent in the country. The Hib combination vaccine, which was subsequently approved for self-research in 2012, belonged to an earlier group of companies that had been approved for self-research in the country. In 2020, the company Hib issued a sharp increase in the number of vaccines issued in combination, accounting for about 3.7 million, or all of them in 2020.
The share is 33.17%, and the share of other batch issuances has declined to varying degrees. At an average winning price of about $90/b, the company’s bulk issuance value for 2020 is about $300 million.
When vaccines are integrated into the national immunization plan, heb will drive an outbreak of market sales, but the real size of the market will shrink. According to the company ' s equity book, the market for vaccines will rise from 770 million in 2019 to 1.3 billion yuan in 2020.
The volume rises, but the unit price of the sales will fall considerably, and the market value of the Hib combined vaccine will fall considerably. The market sales of the Hib combined vaccine are expected to fall to $560-710 million after inclusion in immunization planning. Therefore, the company maintains its performance growth using the mono-species of public administration for research and development, production techniques, and process development of the Hib joint vaccine.
With the gradual replacement of the monolithic market, the company ac-hib is expected to return to the market in 2022.
The joint vaccine against cellular haemophilus influenzae type 100-b (Quadre) and the joint vaccine against cellular haemophilus influenzae type b (Combined V) are all joint vaccines except the Hib combination vaccine.
Hib is replacing Hib with a vaccine. Multi-priced vaccines are a trend towards the future of the vaccine industry. Compared to routine ac-combined vaccines and hib-combined vaccines, ac-hib co-vaccinations are less frequent to reduce the suffering of children and, on the other hand, to reduce the cumulative negative effects of multiple vaccinations.
Risk, increased vaccination coverage, and more popular in the market. Because of higher costs and the ability of suppliers to produce vaccines, most of our MNDs are non-immunized and are self-funded; but as the living and income levels of our population rise, more and more families are choosing to join the vaccine, such as the ac-hib joint vaccine.
The alternative impact of the joint vaccine was reduced in 2014-2019 by the distribution of Hib combined vaccines, and the distribution of heb combined vaccines increased by 2020, compared to the distribution of figure 60hib combined vaccines and the sale of heb soars (2017-2020).
After the company was not re-registered, there were no ac-hib vaccines approved in the country. The company’s ac-hib-community clinical trial has now been carried out in iii. In 2015-2019, the smart-flying organisms were the country’s only vaccines for the ac-hib-community vaccine, 64,368 and 4.2806 million.
The impact of the regulations on vaccine circulation and vaccination prevention was relatively low in 2016. After the impact of the above-mentioned events had subsided, the volume of joint vaccine issuances by ac-hib rose rapidly from year to year in 2017 to 2018. On February 20, 2020, the wise flying organisms issued an announcement that the ac-hib combination vaccine had not been re-indicted.
According to the latest announcement of October 22, 2021, the company’s ac herpes pelvic pelvic pelvic pelvic pulmonary infestations would not have a negative impact on the expansion of the product’s market share if the vaccine was not registered.
More than 4 items are on the market for immediate, or to supplement important performance with a 4.1-priced influenza vaccine, or in 2022, with a high market outlook for influenza, which is both an acute respiratory infection and an infectious disease caused by the influenza virus.
Influenza occurs in various parts of the world, mainly by air, human contact, or contact with contaminated objects. According to the flu vaccine position paper released by WHO, the influenza virus is most likely to spread among children, showing the highest rates of infection and morbidity among children between 5 and 9 years of age.
The global prevalence rate is around 5%-10% for adults and 20% for children per year. The influenza virus is a rna virus, with surface antigens constantly changing, and vaccines need to be re-engineered every year.
Influenza viruses are divided into three subtypes: a (a), b (b), c (c), of which influenza a and b diseases are common causes of acute respiratory diseases, while the major causes of large-scale and global epidemics are a. The influenza virus has a surface distribution of hemoctocin (ha) and neuro aminoase (na), which are the highest burden of the influenza virus.
The surface antigens are the main targets of the medium antibodies. But the genetic diversity of the two targets is very high, with different types of ha and na subtypes, and the combination of these two targets results in hundreds of subtypes.
Other antigens or genetically modified strains of the virus (b). Therefore, influenza outbreaks occur every year. Every year, new influenza vaccines must be designed, so that they can be used in conjunction with the spread of the disease that is expected to cause the next epidemic.
Two drivers are working together to boost the rapid growth of the influenza vaccine market: consumption, improved living conditions, and improved vaccination awareness; and policy, where economically powerful areas are gradually starting to focus on providing protection from influenza outbreaks and long-lasting events that have affected the last few years and have led to a reduction in the issuance of influenza vaccines.
The global outbreak of influenza A (h1n1) in 2009 - 2010, with more than 100,000 people infected in the country, high public willingness to accept influenza vaccines, increased demand for influenza vaccines, influenza virus fission vaccine batch issuances in 2013 - 2015 were around 40 million bottles, and with the end of the epidemic, the population ' s willingness to be vaccinated against influenza was gradually reduced, and the issuance of influenza vaccinations declined.
The data have been falling since 2015. Since 2017, batch issuances have risen again, but they have been affected by a lifetime event, with a lower volume of influenza vaccine issuance in 2018 than in previous years, at about 16.15 million; influenza influenza in 2019, with a 30.78 million increase, compared with 90.59 per cent in 2019, compared to the same period in 2018.
In the year 2020, there was another rapid increase in the issuance of influenza vaccines to 576.5 million units/bottles, an increase of about 87.28 per cent compared to the previous year. In September 2020, the country was about to enter a concentrated influenza vaccination season, if the outbreak was brought under control.
In the future, the population is expected to receive health education during the new crown epidemic, and vaccination awareness is expected to continue to increase, leading to market capacity.
We have a lower rate of influenza vaccination compared to developed countries, and there is room for a greater improvement in future vaccination rates as the population improves its standard of living. Based on a 2019 batch of influenza vaccine issuances of 3,078,000 and corresponding assumptions, the rate was estimated to be about 1.8% in 2019; in 2020, 546.5 million domestic influenza vaccinations were issued.
The rate is less than 4%. In the United States, 63.8% of children aged 6 months to 17 years were vaccinated against %1 influenza doses in 2019, while 48.4% were vaccinated against %18-year-old adults. A survey conducted in Japan showed that 38% of the sample population was vaccinated against %1 influenza doses.
Vaccination rates are low. As the income levels of the population rise, some economically strong areas are gradually opening up.
The four-priced influenza vaccine provides a broader protection than the three-priced vaccine, which is now approved in the United States as a four-priced influenza vaccine. In terms of the number of strains covered by the vaccine, the influenza vaccine can be divided into three and four. The three-priced influenza vaccine covers three strains: a1, a3 and bv.
There are two types of influenza vaccine that we have approved for listing: triple-priced life-extermination vaccine, which can be used to inoculate the population aged 6 years and over, mainly Chinese biology, Seinofi, Changchun, Shanghai Institute, Beijing, Dalian Yattaka, and Middle-Swig Acquaint; triple-priced life-reduction vaccine, a nasal spray type, for the population aged 3-17 years. The four-price influenza vaccine covers a1, a3,
Four strains, bv and by, apply to people over three years of age. The coverage of four-priced influenza vaccine covers a wider range of strains and therefore provides a wider range of protection.
rabies are the most deadly disease in the world, with nearly 100% of deaths in the event of disease, and there is no specific treatment. They are a highly dangerous virulent animal disease, with many predators and bats as natural hosts of the disease, a very high rate of deaths, and almost 100% fatal in the event of clinical symptoms once a person is infected.
According to the data published by who, 99% of rabies deaths worldwide are due to rabies, with more than 3.3 billion people living in endemic rabies. About 55,000 people die of rabies every year, most of them in Asia and Africa, with children at particular risk of contracting them. According to China's CDC statistics,
In China, 290 rabies were reported in 2019, with 276 deaths and a high mortality rate. Prevention of rabies requires joint intervention, including post-exposure precautions for patients who may be exposed to the disease, pre-exposure immunization for high-exposure risk populations, and control over animal hosts (most importantly, domestic dogs).
The development of the rabies vaccine can be divided into two generations. The first generation of rabies vaccine is neuroorganic.
After many years of continuous improvement, the elimination of ntvs from goat or sheep brain tissue (semple) or mammoth brain tissue (fuenzalida) is accompanied by negative neurological effects. And, because ntvs are less expensive than ccvs, they need to be inoculated up to 23 times per day.
Homes (mainly in South-East Asia) are still using ntvs. The second-generation rabies vaccine is a cell culture vaccine (ccvs).
Vero cells are the most widely used cell-based matrices. Based on the culture of cell size, they can be divided into canned cultures (filac carriers, microcarves) and rotor cultures. These vaccines can be used for pre-exposure or post-exposure immunization, and millions of people worldwide have been vaccinated against ccvs.
Genetic strains. Laboratory animal studies and clinical assessments of humans have demonstrated the immunological prophylacticity and efficacy of ccvs, which induce antibody reactions to more than 99% of the inoculations in pre- and post-exposure prophylaxis.
More than 96% of the population still detects nva. People using rabies vaccine is a heavy-pound species that has remained stable at around 60 to 80 million since 2015. In recent years, our population has maintained a level of 50 million doses of rabies vaccine.
On top of the bottle. In 2019, our rabies vaccine was issued in bulk, with 58.83 million bottles, down by 7 per cent from the same period last year in 2019; the drop in issuance was mainly related to industrial events leading to the shutdown of life-long organisms and tight industrial regulations. In 2020, our population issued rabies vaccine in bulk, with an increase of approximately 29.19 per cent.
According to the data from the 2019 batch, based on the calculation of the winning price, our rabies vaccine industry will have a batch of rabies vaccine issued by Chinese using rabies from 2014 to 2020.
The rabies vaccine is now the dominant product in the market, according to the culture-based cytogenesis. In 2020, the number of batches issued by frozen people with rabies vaccine (vero cells) was 62.0129 million, or 75.27% in the city; rabies were used by humans.
The number of vaccinations issued for diseases (vero cells) was 1,031,800, or 13.39 per cent in the city; the number of vaccinations issued for kidney cell rabies in the mouse was 53,457,000, or 6.49 per cent in the city; the number of vaccinations issued for diseases in the population was 3,993.1 million, or 4.85 per cent in the city.
High, but avoiding dna residual problems in cell production, side effects and potential risks, or perhaps alternatives to the current rabies vaccine. Figure 66 Distribution of product types for batch issuance of rabies vaccine in China, 2020
The company's rabies vaccine product matrix covers both the rabies vaccine, which currently has the highest rate of vero cell culture in the city, and the vaccine, which has the best effect, or double the number of human cells that will develop in the future. At present, the company's frozen rabies vaccine (mrc-5 cells) has a clinical trial summary and is frozen dry.
Humans are in the process of clinical trials using the rabies vaccine (vero cell) and are expected to receive 4.3 double-priced diarrhea combination vaccine in nearly one to two years, which is currently on the market in the country and abroad. The incidence of bacterial dysentery has been among the highest in the years of the legal category of infectious diseases A and B, posing a serious threat to the population.
Bacteria dysentery is a major clinical symptom of abdominal pain, diarrhea, diarrhea, haemorrhage, sepsis, etc.
The company developed a double-priced combined diarrhea vaccine for two strains of Fo and Song, designed to be used in a suitable population of more than six months to prevent acute intestinal infections caused by Bacillus Fow and Songnee.
The product has completed work related to the previous clinical study, i. ii. The clinical results initially show good security and immunological properties of the vaccine. Preparations for the iii clinical trial have now been completed and the testee has begun to group and enter the iii clinical trial officially. iii. The clinical trial for the iii clinical trial has been conducted randomly, blindly, and comfortingly.
On 10 December 2021, a continuous iii clinical trial was launched in the Guangxi Liang Autonomous Region, Hebei Province and Sichuan Province to evaluate the safety and effectiveness of the double-priced dysentery combination vaccine.5 Performance projections and investment proposals were made on 10 December 2021.
The sales of the company’s agent products over the next three years can be estimated on the basis of a renewed agreement between the company and Mercerton.
With strong marketing power, the company became the leader of a private vaccine company, with four-priced star products, nine-price hpv vaccines, and heavy-pound vaccine products such as microcards, mcv4, double-digit blizzards, etc. are or are about to be marketed.
The 13-price combination vaccine for body pneumonia, the Warland Biology (the first national 4-priced influenza virus fission vaccine), the Wantai (the first national Hpv vaccine), the Watson Organism (the first national 13-price combination vaccine), compared to the average pe self-research + agent, built a rich vaccine product line, and the two-wheel-drive company's performance grew rapidly.
Self-researched products: acyw group 135 multi-sugar vaccines for meningitis, a groupc multi-sugar combination vaccine for meningitis, b influenza type haemophilus influenzae combination vaccine, injection of cow branch bacterium, recombination of nodule bacterium integration protein (ec) and recombinant new crown vaccine approved for emergency use in 2021; 5 proxy products: hpv4 (brown yeaster),
Hpv9 (breathing yeast), oral five-priced trox virus-mitigated live vaccine (vero cell), 23-price pneumococcal multi-sugar vaccine, and hepatitis A purification vaccine. Double-wheel-drive support companies performed high annual growth. In 2017-2019, they benefited from a high-speed increase in sales of Hpv-based proxy products, with annual harvests.
In 2021, revenues from the sale of the new crown vaccine products made up for other products such as the Hepv vaccine, which was the sole agent of the company Mercerton, increased by 40 times in four years, and the purchase of the agreement was nearly $20 billion in 2023. The company entered into its first cooperation agreement with Mercerton in 2011 and has since been excellent.
After that, sales revenue from corporate agents grew rapidly from $274 million (20.41% of the total) in 2017 to $13,955 million (or the total) in 2020.
A multi-dimensional matrix of vaccine products is expected to contribute more than $10 billion to the harvest, creating a second-growth curve. The total size of the self-research product, in addition to the new crown vaccine, is expected to exceed $6 billion in 2023. Autonomous products earned $1.2 billion in 2020; as of mid-2021, they were reported as autonomous products.
A total of $6 billion, of which the new crown vaccine is the main source of revenue. After the full vaccination, the company's new crown vaccine, or a booster needle with its excellent delta strain clinical data, can be added to some of its overseas orders, and it is expected to continue to make a significant sales contribution in 2022.
The spread of tuberculosis among the ltbi-substantiated population is one of the world's first to be promoted by the company in 2022, with ec and microcards at the end of detection and prevention, with a combined estimated income of over $4.5 billion in 2025; the follow-up line of the 2-cerebral vaccine series and the hib vaccine is adapted to the current cerebral vaccine by 2
Prices are four-priced, multi-sugar-to-combined, single-smugget-to-smugget, total sales are expected to be greater than $1.2 billion in 2025.3 A further 23-priced pneumococcal multi-sugar vaccine, influenza virus fission vaccine, bipolar disease will be driven by marketing networks, through expanding agency and self-research regulations for the marketing of vaccines.
On the one hand, the company will continue to rely on the strongest marketing team in the private vaccine industry to maintain a close agency relationship with Mercado and continue to represent Hpv4, hvp9, and on the other hand, by cultivating existing self-research products, especially the heavy product microcards, and continue inland over the next two to three years.
The magnitude of the epidemic and the impact of the vaccination policy are more uncertain, so we don't take into account the new crown vaccine business for the company, which averages about 51 x. Given the continued rapid development of the vaccine industry, the advantages of the company's marketing team, and the long-term growth that the heavy-pound products bring to the market over the next few years, we cover the company for the first time.
Market penetration is not as risky as expected: micro-cards, as a heavy-pound product, were one of the company’s priority extension products in 2022. The spread of new products determines the pace of market penetration and has a more significant impact on the company’s performance.
There is a risk of uncertainty in the marketing of new coronary vaccines: the current strains of new coronary viruses are widely spread around the world. The transmission capacity of mutagenic strains has increased, but there is a tendency to reduce their toxicity. More data are needed on the efficacy of existing vaccines for mutated strains and their re-infection after seeding. The sales of new coronary vaccines over the next two years are seriously affected by the epidemic.
There is considerable uncertainty about the impact of vaccination policies. Clinical trials have not progressed as much as expected: companies are currently in the clinical research and development phase with multiple products that may affect the company’s subsequent performance growth if clinical trials are not advanced as expected or even failed.
Risks of agency renewal failure: Agent revenue is still an important part of the company’s operating income. But sales of Hpv’s Hpv vaccine products in Mercado have increased less rapidly in China than in Europe and America, so there is uncertainty as to whether subsequent agency contracts can be successfully renewed, as well as how much they are supplied.
Other risks that may affect the company’s normal operation of production: Contact person: Ren Xuan, Research Assistant, mainly responsible for research on biological products (vaccinations + blood products). Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, Master’s degree in finance.
The information and observations in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, will not be, and will not receive, directly or indirectly, any of the specific recommendations or views in this report.