On March 1st, the National Drug Control Service (NDA) approved the company ' s request for the registration of the recombinant new crown vaccine, which became the first condition after one year of emergency use in the country in March 2021.
On the one hand, the company's new crown vaccine is the only recombinant egg in the country that has been approved for listing.
White and new coronary vaccines; on the other hand, the company's new coronary vaccine, as a starting booster and against variations, compares prices to 300 feet deep, showing excellent effectiveness in clinical data. The two factors will push the company into one.
Stepping up the promotion of the reprotein new coronary vaccine, increasing the penetration rate of the vaccine in the booster needles, and moving the new coronary vaccine out of the sea. Preliminary analysis of clinical trial data for the global iii period showed that the three doses of vaccine were 81.38% effective in protecting Delta mutagenic strains.
The data from a published article show that the company's recombinant protein new coronary vaccine, as a serial booster of the seedlings, displays a high level of medium and antibody geometric fluids for all mutant strains, better than the same source of boosted inoculations.
In 2022, the company ' s new crown vaccine was sold at a combined scale of billions of dollars, both within and outside the country, and in 2021, it is expected that the recombinant new crown vaccine product will contribute more than $10 billion to the company ' s revenues. In 2022, the official approval helped the company to further promote the recombinant new coronary disease in the country.
In addition to the new crown vaccine product, the company relies on the Self-Research + Agent to build a rich pipeline of vaccine products.
Two-wheel-drive companies are growing at a very high rate. Agent: exclusive agent Mossatung Hpv vaccines, etc., sales earnings have increased 40 times over four years, with a negotiated purchase value of nearly $20 billion in 2023. Self-research: microcarats, cerebral vaccine series and 23-priced pneumococcal multi-sugar vaccines, flu virus fission.
Vaccines, double-digit ecstasy, four-priced brain combination vaccines, etc., are gradually entering the harvest period, and the multidimensional product matrix is expected to contribute more than $10 billion in revenue and create a second-growth curve. Without considering the impact of the new crown vaccine business on the company’s performance, we expect the company to be able to generate a second growth curve.
In-depth report: Practising self-researching products to create a second-growth curve 2022- (continuing rapid growth in the vaccine industry, advantages of company marketing teams and weightings over the next few years)
We maintain a “buy-in” rating for the long-term growth associated with the successive listing of a pound of products. Markets are not spreading as much as expected; changes in the epidemic are affecting companies’ normal operations; clinically, the risk of approval for less than expected progress; and the risk of agency renewal failing.
One incident: The company became the only reprotein recombinant vaccine manufacturer in the country, and on 1 March, the National Drug Control Service (NDA) attached conditions to approve the company's application for recombinant new crown vaccine to be registered on the market.
One year after it was approved for emergency use in the country in March, the vaccine became the first approved national recombinant new coronary virus protein, recalling that in 2020, the company quickly started the development of a new coronary vaccine, and signed an agreement to jointly accelerate the development of the new coronary vaccine. In June 2020, the recombinant coronary vaccine started clinical trials.
Key data on i and ii clinical trials were obtained in October, which showed that vaccines were safe and immunopathic, and on 12 December the company began to conduct international multi-centre iii clinical trials in Hunan Province, Uzbekistan, Indonesia, Pakistan and Ecuador to restructure the new vaccine crown.
On 1 March 2021, Uzbekistan granted the vaccine eua and a marketing licence. On 17 March, the National Drug Control Board approved the vaccine to be incorporated into the pipeline.
On 7 January 2022, Indonesia granted the vaccine eua and, on 22 January 2022, approved the company to reorganize the new crown vaccine as a starting booster. On 10 January 2022, Colombia awarded the vaccine eua.
On February 18, 2022, a new vaccination campaign was launched. The country identified six months after the birth of the new vaccination vaccine against the virus in Beijing, Quixin and Wuhan, and failed to complete its implementation among the 18-year-olds and older.
On March 1, the National Drug and Monitoring Institute approved the company’s application for the re-entry of the new crown vaccine.
On the one hand, the company's new crown vaccine is the only re-protein new vaccine currently marketed under approved conditions in the country, and on the other hand, the company's new crown vaccine is presented in clinical data as a consistent booster and against mutated strains.
The two-fold factor will spur the company to further scale up the expansion of the reprotein new crown vaccine, raise the penetration rate of the high vaccine in the booster needle, and even drive the new crown vaccine out of the sea. The company’s new crown vaccine product was the first to complete a full three-stage clinical trial of Delta variants.
Preliminary analysis of clinical trial data for the iii period showed good protective effects: after seven days of vaccination, the vaccine was 81.43% for persons aged 18 years and over; 92.87% for cases of severe illness and above. Also, 81.38% for Delta mutagenics.
Data from an article published on the cellresearch website on 23 November, entitled “For the new crown mutagenic strain, two doses of extinguisher vaccine + reorganization of the new crown vaccine booster significantly enhanced the rbd antibody response and moderate drop-in,” show that the pvnt level rose 75.58 times after the 14th day of the boost.
(gmt) The 14th day increased 503.47 times and the 28th day slightly dropped about 448.60 times. The 14th day rbd antibody levels and lgg levels were 8342bau/ml and 1218.50bau/ml, respectively, which were significantly higher than the baseline antibody levels. In addition, the increase in the gmt level of pvnt for the four variants was at least higher.
70 times: 73.79 times for Beta, 77.91 times for Gamma, and 86.16 times for delta. The article suggests that healthy adults aged 18-59 may receive a third dose of recombinant subunit vaccine as a booster after two doses.
According to the company's recombinant new coronary disease, published by emergingmicrobes&infections on 22 December 2022, experimental data on the micron mutagenic strain show that a third sequence of recombinant protein vaccine as a booster can increase the middle and effect of the micron mutagenic strain: the extinction of the new crown.
The gmt of pvnt, pvnt and imicrón mutagenic strains increased significantly to 285.6, 215.7, 250.8, 48.73 on the 14th day of the co-inoculation of the vaccine at the same source, while the gmt of pvnt increased significantly to 1436, 789.6, 1501, 95.86 on the 14th day of the zf2001 different sources respectively.
In 32022, the company’s combined sales of new crown vaccines, both within and outside the country, were officially approved to help the company further promote the re-protein vaccine at the national and international levels. According to the available estimates, an intensification of vaccinations would provide a market space of $2-5 billion.
As of the beginning of February 2022, the coverage of the country's new crown vaccine was approximately 85 per cent, and the coverage of the booster is expected to be about 90 per cent on average throughout the year 2022. The average penetration of the booster is estimated.
Assumption 3: Out of the two approved successive boosters, the company has a higher share of the market based on capacity and marketing advantage: based on current inoculations in the country and on the company's sales earnings, the company's new crown vaccine is about 12 per cent in the same-source booster vaccinations.
In 2021, a large number of export orders were issued to companies for emergency licences and listing abroad. According to the company’s subsidiary, Ji Feilong Koma, responsible for the new crown vaccine business, the company’s new crown vaccine was registered as An engraved, and in 2021 it was exported from Uzbekistan and Indonesia, from China’s Customs Administration.
During the month, the company reorganized its new crown vaccine (cho cell) with an emergency use permit (eua) in Uzbekistan and Indonesia, in which Uzbekistan approved its listing in March. In March-May 2021, the company exported more than 100 million yuan to Indonesia and Uzbekistan, and in September it obtained its highest monthly export value.
Exports to Uzbekistan in one month amounted to approximately $430 million, and exports to Uzbekistan amounted to $1,271 million in 2021. Johns Hopkins University counted partial and full vaccination coverage in Uzbekistan, Indonesia, and Colombia as of early February 2022.
Assumption 1: Based on current vaccination coverage, the final full-range vaccination coverage in Uzbekistan, Indonesia and Colombia is calculated at about 80 per cent/90/95 per cent, respectively; the booster vaccination ratio is calculated at 80 per cent/assumption 2: based on the company ' s progress in the local approval of the new crown vaccine, it is assumed that the average annual penetration will take place throughout 2022
On the basis of the above assumptions, it is expected that the export of vaccines in 2022 will generate some $2 billion in sales revenue for the company. In 2021, it is expected that the restructuring of the new protein crown vaccine product will contribute more than $10 billion in revenue to the company.
In 2022, the company’s revenues from the new coronary disease and the tube line will continue to be supported. Adding the incremental income generated from the overseas export of vaccines, the new coronary vaccine, in addition to the new crown vaccine product, the company relies on “self-research + agent” to build a rich pipeline of vaccine products and double rotations.
The company’s performance has grown at a high rate. Agent: the exclusive agent, Hpv vaccines, etc., sells four-year roll-overs in the price of pneumococcal multi-sugar vaccines, influenza virus fission vaccines, double-digit ecstasy seedlings, quadruple brain combination vaccines, etc.
Two growth curves. Without considering the impact of the new crown vaccine business on the company’s performance, we expect the company’s marketing team’s advantages and the long-term growth of successively heavy-pound products over the next few years, and we maintain the risk that the market will not be as popular as expected: micro-card, as a heavy-pound product, was one of the company’s priority promotion products in 2022.
The spread of new products determines the rate of market penetration and has a more significant impact on company performance. There is a risk of uncertainty in the marketing of new crown vaccines: the current strains of the new crown are widely distributed around the world.
More data are needed to prove the infection. The sales of the new crown vaccine over the next two years are subject to greater uncertainty about the severity of the epidemic and the policies that will accompany it.
The risk of agency renewal failure is that agent revenue is still an important part of the company’s operating income. But Mercado’s Hpv vaccine product in China is selling less rapidly than in Europe and America, so whether the successor agency contract can be successfully renewed or renewed.
Other risks that could affect the company’s normal production operations are the following: Ren Xiao, Research Assistant, who is mainly responsible for research in the biological products industry (vaccine plus blood products).
The information and observations in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, will not be, and will not be, received directly or indirectly from the specific recommendations or views in the present report.