Researchchand developmentcenter continuously upgrades the kernel to refine the value logic of the switch
An Orient Rainbow (000301) covering the first report, the kernels of Cao Cao have been continuously upgraded to refine the value logic of the switch.
In December 2018, the Rainbow Refinement Project began construction on 14 December 2018, and is expected to be completed by the end of 2021.
The company has the advantage of creating synergies in the industrial chain in the park, along with the Srbang Chemical and Refinement Project, a subsidiary of the group. The investment in the company's refined project was $67,664 million. The size of the smelting line is currently the largest single-line capacity in the country.
The main thrust of the project is to increase production of chemicals to 69%. At present, the Department relies on large-scale refined production units, public works, and systems support facilities to build two new projects, with downstream phenol and acetone devices similar to those of the Precipitous Precinctide.
Benzene and ethylene continue to be the basis for deep processing and extension of the industrial chain, with future big refining projects and accompanying projects in the post-partum phase, and companies will gain more benefits in the more integrated and diversified industrial chain.
The px market is gradually changing to a half-way pattern between private and state-owned enterprises, and domestic import substitution for px is accelerating. The pta supply side of the country is evident: the large pta production plant is expanding and the behind pta capacity is being phased out.
Slow progress on structural overcapacity patterns. The company currently has 2.3 million tonnes of silk capacity per year, pta 3.9 million tonnes per year, the company ' s polyester chain is self-sufficient in raw materials, and the remaining 1.93 million tonnes per year of pta capacity supports the company ' s expansion of an additional 2.66 million tonnes per year of silk capacity, downstream for the company.
In our view, the latest pta process can effectively reduce the production and processing costs of pta compared with industry experience, and now the company ' s 2.4 million tons/year pta device is fully operational and will show performance in the first half of the year.
In the context of the recent increase and decline (%) in January, the persistently low processing costs have helped companies to further strengthen their oligarchic patterns of competition at the end of their raw materials. We expect the next three years to be long.
The demand for silk will match the demand for downstream textile clothing, and the demand will rise at the same speed as the demand for restoration of the disease, and the filament will return upwards. The value of dty silk spillovers will be higher at the top of the company's main camp. According to the company's GDP/tonne, it is much higher than that of its counterparts.
The Pony/fdy and the 110-packed ballistic machine projects are to be launched in 2021, and we believe that companies have long, differentiated, high-end, high-value-added silk production capacity that will contribute more to the company's Māori rate on the one hand and to the industry on the other.
The company is now pushing into a major asset restructuring of Srbon petrochemicals. Shrbing operations are producing high-value-added hydrocarbons.
The company has a production capacity of 520,000 tonnes/year, 300,000 tonnes/year, 170,000 tonnes/year mma, 420,000 tonnes/year eo and its derivatives.
The construction of the phd project, phase II, is now at its peak. The project will produce 700,000 tonnes/year of acrylic, 520,000 tonnes/year of acrylic and 180,000 tonnes/year of mma.
The total size of the chemical acetylene is 1.04 million tonnes/year, and the size of the mma is 350,000 tonnes/year.
In Beijing, building No. 1 of the 9th House of the City of the City of the West Side, the sum of $127 billion was invested in a project to build methanol and new downstream chemical materials in the Darat economic development area.
After contributing to full-year performance, company valuations were significantly lower than comparable corporate averages, covering for the first time the catalysts for granting share prices: accelerated progress in the construction of large-scale refining projects; earlier-than-expected production of polyesters projects; and rising industrial climates and continued price increases for corporate products.
Risk factors: Slow progress in the construction of refining integration projects and supporting projects, with less than expected risks; risk of sharp fluctuations in crude oil prices; risk of less than expected recovery of end demand; risk of continued profit spread due to increased overcapacity of pta across the country.
Rainbow refining was built on December 14, 2018, and is expected to be completed by the end of 2021. The size of the single line is currently the largest single-line production capacity in the country, and the increase in precipitation will be the main thrust of the uninvited private major refining project, which will raise chemical production to 69%.
Largely refined production devices, public works, and systems support facilities, with two new projects, with downstream phenol and acetone devices similar to those of the Presumpsilized Downstream. The extended industrial chain continues to be deeply processed on the basis of acetone, benzene, and ethylene, with no post-partum projects and companies will acquire more in the more integrated and diversified industrial chain.
In 2019, our import dependence declined by 10.67 percentage points to 50.50%, and domestic import substitution accelerated. Our large pta production facilities are expanding, leaving behind the structural overcapacity patterns of slow production of pta. We believe that the latest pta process can be effective in comparison with industry experience.
Reducing the production and processing costs of pta, which is now fully operational in the company’s second generation of 2.4 million tons/year pta devices, will be reflected in the performance in the first half of the year. Against a backdrop of overcapacity in the pta industry, the persistently low processing costs will help the company further strengthen its competitive kernels at the source of its raw materials.
In the next three years, we expect that the need for long-line scrubbers will match the demand for downstream textile clothing, and that the demand will rise by more than 5% as the disease is repaired. In the larger context of the vaccine’s accelerated landing, the long-silent condition was restored in the first half of 2021, and the long-silent atmosphere returned upwards.
High value, according to the company ' s productive planning, the 250,000 tonnes/year regenerative differentiation and functional scrubbing (poy/fdy) and the 110-packed ballistic machine projects will aim to be operational in 2021, and we believe that companies have differentiated, high-end, high-value-added silk production capacity that will contribute to the company ' s higher Māori rate on the one hand, and a high-value-added on the other.
The company is now moving towards a major asset restructuring of Srbon petrochemicals. Srb is operating to produce high-value-added hydrocarbon derivatives.
The ethanol is used as a primary feedstock to extract ethylene, acrylic, c4, etc., and therefore to synthesize the vinylline derivatives. Phase II of the company's phd project, which is currently under construction, has been fully installed and has reached a peak of 700,000 tonnes/year acrylic, 520,000 tonnes/year acrylic and 180,000 tonnes/year mma.
Three hundred and fifty thousand tonnes/year. Srbonne signed an investment agreement with the city government of Ordos for the Green New Materials Cycle Economic Park project, which is expected to invest $127 billion in the construction of methanol and new downstream chemicals materials in the Darat economic development zone. Srbang will further develop upstream into the production chain, with a diversification of raw material cover and products from methanol to the chemical materials industry chain.
The market believes that the product design of the company's refining project is only at the binene level, making the company worth less than the other private refining champions. We believe that, in the current polyester portfolio, while the company's total long silk production is smaller than the top two, the public sector owns a high value added dty business, and the company's profitability is no less than that of its peers.
Set up, and the company actively accompany downstream projects, and seek to develop new refined chemical materials that differ from existing major refining projects Paths to the development of “new materials/high end polyesters for the refining of HFOs” will provide a unique competitive advantage for the company
After full production and contribution performance throughout the year, company valuations were significantly lower than comparable corporate averages, covering for the first time the “buy-in” share rate catalysts: accelerated progress in the construction of the Great Refinery Project; earlier expected production of the polyester Project; increased climate in the polyester industry, risk factors: slow progress in the construction of the refining integration project and the supporting projects, less profitable than expected; sharp crude oil prices
Risks of volatility; risk of non-restoration of end demand; wind of continued loss of profits due to increased overcapacity of pta across the country
In 2018, the Shenyang technology was put on the market, integrating the subsidiaries of the flag, Togoko into the Eastern market, and the physical control of the listed companies was changed from Wu Jiang District State Treasury to Mu Hangen and Chu Hongmei. After the reorganization, the department was renamed the Jiangsu East Rainbow Company, and the securities were renamed the “Orient Rainbow”.
The group incorporated the fibre-optics business of the subsidiary country, HQCO, into a listed company, where the main business was changed from the pre-reorganization power heat to the development, production and sale of long wires for civilian use, currently owned by Jiangsu Seonlong Technologies Ltd., with 57.26% of the company’s shares in real control.
The owner of the company's main business changed from a back-to-back reorganization to a fibre-optic business. Before the restructuring of the Eastern market and the country's high-visibility sector, the company owned the company's main business.
Before the reorganization, Gokko was a subsidiary of Shenlong Technology, which transferred all of its fibre-optic production under the flag in 2017 to the country’s high title. So, Goksuko has several subsidiaries, with products covering a range of Poy, Fdy, and dty.
As a result of the restructuring, China’s high-quality fibres were incorporated into the public company, and the listed company acquired 100% of the Su earthquake bio-related shares in March 2019 from the new material in the rainbow.
The acquisition of a complete industrial chain from pdo production to ptt-mixing, wiring, perfected the industrial layout of the publicly listed public optics business.
In February 2019, a fully-owned subsidiary, Jiang Su Sein Seok Chem Industries Development Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the petrochemical industry”), was established, and in March and April of the same year, the company acquired 100% of the shares in the rainbow refining, and the rainbow port petrochemicals. On the basis of Tosin Rainbow refining, the company invested in the construction of the 16 million tonnes/year refinery integration project.
The project began construction in December 2018 and is expected to be completed by 2021, with the post-natal phase of the project, where listed companies will form a complete “oil refining-px/ethylene diol-pta-polyester-optic” industrial chain with upstream and downstream synergies in the industrial chain.
Based on the company ' s layout of the petrochemical industry chain, three lines of business can be broken down from the bottom up: (1) Fibre plate: mainly operated by a subsidiary country ' s highest standards, including secondary affiliates ' rainbow fibres, middle beak technology, port rainbow fibres, which currently total 2.3 million tonnes/year of chemical fibre production and 250,000 tonnes/year regenerative of Rebang ' s technology.
Differential and functional silt-and-loading projects are under way and are expected to be completed in the course of the year. The company’s product differentiation rate is 90%. It is the world’s leading multi-component combination of fibres, such as fully digestive series, super-fiber and “silent complexes”, with more than 100 different product types, dominated by high-end products, dty.
Table 1 Detailed and productive filamentation units (2) pta plate: company pta production and marketing is primarily responsible for the production and marketing of the iris port petrochemicals, with the completion of the 2nd extension of 2.4 million tonnes/year pta in early March 2021, with the company currently owning a total of 3.9 million tonnes/year pta capacity in two phases.
(c) Large refining plates: Rainbow refining as the main operator of the company ' s big refining project. Total investment in the project was 67,660 million yuan, with a capacity of 16 million tonnes/year, 2.8 million tonnes/year, px/year, 1.1 million tonnes/year of ethylene/year.
Assessment and construction began in the same month, with production expected to be completed by 2021. Another $5,573 million is proposed to be invested in the construction of the “10.9 million tonnes/year 2#ethanol” and “40.25 million tonnes/year phenol/propanone” devices; and the full-capitalized subsidiary for rainbow refining, the Gasolong Chemical Industries, which is proposed to invest $6,034 million in the construction of posm and polyols, consisting of 508,000 tonnes/year ethylene devices,
20.45 million tonnes/year posm devices, 11.25 million tonnes/year ppg devices, and 25,000 tonnes/year pop devices. Further enrichment of the product refining structure through the addition of downstream devices, increasing the combined competitive strength of the product value addition and large refining projects.
And ethanol, a rainbow-smelting output, will be further provided to the country’s high-quality industry for the production of differentiated chemical fibres, and companies will use the industrial chain to create synergies in the entire industry chain from “a drop of oil” to “a thread.” Second, differentiated operations will be dominated, with dty’s head performing steadily upwards.
Before and after the reorganization of the company in 2018, it became clear that, prior to the restructuring, the main business in the Eastern market was the leasing of electricity, heat and real estate, with 71 per cent of the share in the thermal business; after the reorganization, the company was injected into the high-visibility sector of the country to acquire the rainbow refining and the rainbow port petrochemicals, and while maintaining the thermal power business, the main business changed to the fibre optics and pta business.
The combined share of dty, fdy, poy and pta operations is 76.05 per cent, of which dty accounts for 39.70 per cent, while the company ' s main business is dominated by value-added dty operations. In 2018 and 2019, the combined share of company-owned operations and pta operations averaged 93.55 per cent, while the decline in the ratio of two major operations in 2020 was due to the epidemic.
In the context of the decline in the industry cycle, the company's operating income from other business activities, such as raw materials trade and rental of business premises, was based on a company's retroactive adjustment of financial data, with a steady increase in operating income from 2017 to 2019, with 34.96 per cent of the growth in business in 2019, mainly due to the completion of the acquisition of rainbow refining and rainbow petrochemicals in the first half of the year and the establishment of the “pta-polyester fibres” industry.
The net profit on corporate returns in 2018 was $847 million, a decline of 40.75 per cent over the same period, mainly because in the third quarter of 2018 the company maintained a steady growth trend in the net profit on corporate returns in the year of consolidation, based on the margin between shareholder equity values and consolidation costs at the end of 2017.
In 2020, corporate operating income fell by 8.48 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and net profit on maternity fell by 80.42 per cent, mainly because of the impact of the new crown epidemic on end demand, which led to a decline in profitability in the long silk industry. In the first quarter of 2021, corporate operating income increased by $6,465 million, or 48.63 per cent, compared to 2019, and net profit on maternity by $601 million, or 90.19 per cent, compared to 2019.
As the cost-end crude oil price rises and the “vaccine age” epidemic eases, demand recovers, demand and demand repair, and corporate profitability rises significantly before the epidemic. The greater the ratio of Māori to products suggests that companies tend to improve their performance effectively by increasing the average Māori ratio.
4% of the heat and electricity business contributed 11.87% of the gross profit, mainly due to a high Māori rate of over 40% of the heat and power business.In 2020, there was a significant decline in the net profits of both company collections and parent returns, and in the Māori rate of polyester models and pta, with dty, poy and pta rates falling by 5.7 pct, 5.5 pct and 7.3 pct, respectively, mainly due to the new crown disease.
The price differentials have been significantly reduced by shrinking demand for polyester chain endpoints and weakening the ellipse and pta markets. Pta will improve the profitability of company pta operations after pta processing costs have been spread due to the outbreak, which began in March 2021 with tons/year pta II. Figure 8: Māori (billions) of company operations in 2020
Between 2018 and 2019, the level of all three fees increased following the merger and reorganization of companies, with very small variations in sales and management costs, an increase of about 1 percentage point in financial costs, mainly due to the issuance of a green debt by the company, and an increase in capacity investment figure 10: Eastern rainbow rate (%)
In terms of production, production averaged about 1.52 million tons since pta did not produce any additional capacity between 2018 and 2020. In 2019, the company ' s second-tier subsidiary, Harmonium Rainbow Fibres, became operational, with sales of both products exceeding 100 per cent in 2019 and the average sales of the two products in 2018-2020 and pta, respectively.
The sales volume was 1.887 million tons and the pta sales were 152.88 million tons. At low end demand, polyester sales continued to slightly exceed the level of the same period in previous years, and the performance of the leading marketing capability during the period of the industry’s climate impact rebounded, as shown in figure 12: pta production and sales rates (tonnes, %) from 2017 to 2020.
Upon the reorganization of listed companies in 2018, the company signed the Performance Commitment and Compensation Agreement and its supplementary agreement with Sungyeong Scientology, the owner of HQC, and its subsidiary agreement: 1) the net profit after the non-recurring gain/loss achieved by HQ in 2018 is not less than R$124.12 million; 2) the net profit realized by HQC in 2018 and cumulatively in 2019 is not recurrent
In 2020, the NHC realized a net profit of $470 million, accumulated $3.1008 billion over three years, completed only 76.60% of the net profit on the target, and failed to meet previous performance commitments. The main reason for the failure was the 2020 epidemic, which led to a low level of fumes in 2020, a sharp decline in the single ton of Māori for high-quality fibre-optic products in the country, and the impact of control measures on the epidemic.
Increased transport costs have led to a significant decline in net profits for the National High School in 2020. As the epidemic has resulted in a widespread failure to meet the performance commitments for merger and purchase restructuring, according to the Reporters ' Questions for Heads of the CSRC Departments on the Impact of the Outbreak on the Mergers and Repurchases of the assets subject to the reorganization, for those that are still in the performance commitment period
If the M & As reorganization project is implemented and the targeted assets are indeed affected by the epidemic that makes performance income, profit, etc. difficult to complete, the listed company, together with the performance pledge party, will fully assess the impact of the target asset performance on the epidemic and, in principle, may, subject to the necessary procedures, such as the agreement of the parties and strict compliance with the shareholders meeting, adjust the target asset performance commitment period or adjust the performance commitment elements appropriately. ]
In view of the impact of the epidemic on the company ' s performance commitments, the company signed a supplementary agreement (iv) to the Performance Commitments and Compensation Agreement (PRA) for Jiangsu Tokaku Fibres Ltd., which partially adjusts the performance commitments for 2018, 2019 and 2021 for the performance adjustment commitment period.
In 2021, the country’s high-visibility sector will need to achieve a total of 1,419 million yuan in non-net profits.
China is the world’s largest demand country for px, especially as rapid developments in the downstream pta sector have led to a rapid expansion of the demand for px, and there is a mismatch in the production capacity of the domestic px-pta-polyester plate. The domestic production capacity of pta and polyesters has been invested in large quantities and national production has been replaced by imports, but the country’s population’s misperception of px and the repression of public opinion have led to slow construction of the domestic production capacity of px.
At the end of 2018, China had about 14 million tonnes/year of px production, about 15.9 million tonnes/year of imports, and a peak of 61.17% of import dependence of px. Imports from neighbouring areas such as Taiwan, Japan, and elsewhere are still needed each year, creating a Japanese-Korean-dominated market for sellers. Moreover, production of px is largely monopolized by the international petrochemical giants, leading our enterprises to negotiate on px procurement.
Prices are low, directly increasing the cost of procurement. By the end of 2020, we had a total production capacity of 289.16 million tonnes per year in px, and the 2020 px project was only medium.
By 2019, our import dependence at px was 50.50 per cent, a decline of 10.67 percentage points from the previous year, and private refining and integration projects pre-date the concentration of our px capacity in the "three barrels of oil" and its subsidiaries by the end of 2020.
Central petrochemical px total capacity of about 6.26 million tonnes/year; Central petrochemical px total capacity of about 2.89 million tonnes/year; China Sea oil of 800,000 tonnes/year; Centralized group of 1.5 million tonnes/year, totaling 11.45 million tonnes/year. According to the data disclosed, 23.3 million tonnes/years remain of the proposed and non-inputed px production capacity in China in 2021 and beyond, of which 2, 4 million tonnes/year, Xulong Island 3 million tonnes
In 2020, China signed an rcep with East Asian countries, and the future tariff on imports of px from South Korea will gradually be reduced from 2% of the most-favoured-nation (MFN) tariff to zero.
Second, pta: Structural excess capacity, leading cost advantages, and thanks to the restructuring of the production structure of the pta industry in recent years, the pta industry has gradually developed a pattern of front monopolization.
In the first quarter of 2021, our pta industry produced capacity, which does not include shutdown and deactivated capacity, amounting to approximately 62.72 million tonnes per year. Domestic pta production capacity reached 74% of the top 10 firms, while the central petrochemical affiliates combined had 3.38 million tonnes per year of capacity, leaving about 19% of the remaining capacity.
At 54.81% of the total production capacity of Pta, the pta industry has fully developed a preponderant pattern, with the pta pricing power gradually gaining control over the pta. 4.5 million tonnes/year and 1.4 million tonnes/year of Fai Haeji (formerly antiseptic) and Wabing petrochemical (formerly far eastern petrochemical) in 2018
Large pta businesses have been re-incorporated after years of bankruptcy. In 2020, the 2nd phase of Snifeng Yishan Energy, 2.2 million tonnes/year, Helium Pulse 4# and 5# combined 5 million tonnes/year devices were put into production, and in the last three years the pta facility was largely large-scale and pta was used to provide high-end stress.
The leading companies, such as Kyokun, are represented, and the country still has 36.3 million tons/year pta capacity, all of which are more than one million tons. The pta supply side is clear: large pta production facilities are expanding, and backward pta production can eliminate the structural excess capacity that is slow.
Beginning in 2019, thanks to intensive domestic refining projects, domestic import dependence on px fell sharply, px prices fell sharply from mid-to-late March 2019 to over $200/tonne by the end of 2019. Prices of px fell off a cliff in 2020 as a result of a sharp fall in international oil prices.
The build-up pressure is still high, and the px import substitution is accompanied by a significant increase in supply. The future shift of profits to downstream pta and polyesters in the px chain is a major trend in the structure of the industrial chain, but the extent and speed of the transfer are also associated with the px capacity release rate, the pta self-supply growth rate and the demand for downstream terminals.
Pta price trends are more relevant to raw materials, px profits, pta production in the last two years, international oil prices, pta single-ton profits continue to be in a state of loss since the third quarter of the year, pta installation starts at 75-80% medium, end-flow stocks remain at the same level, downstream polyesters and terminal knitting orders are restored and start-up is a constraint to pta rebounding.
Based on the ratio of output of 0.855 tons of pta required to produce 1 ton of silk, the company’s 3.9 million tons/year of pta production capacity is capable of meeting the demand for 4.56 million tons/year of silk raw materials. The company’s 2.3 million tons/year of silk production has achieved self-sufficiency in the company’s polyester industry, with a surplus of 1.93 million tons/year of pta capacity to support the company’s expansion of a further 2.66 million tons/year of silk production capacity.
Since 2017, the country’s longline industry has intensified its efforts to build new pta capacity, and, with technological advances rising, the country’s leading leader now uses the latest long silk production processes, mainly those of the British and British bp.
In 2017, the second set of 2 million tonnes/year pta devices was based on the British Welda p8 technology, while New Phoenix chose to work with the bp technology. Given the availability of data, we chose to compare the pta processing costs of Kikukun to see that in 2017 the company had invested only 1,500 yuan/tonne in new plant units, and in 2016-2019, the company had pta single tons of processing.
Costs of $310 per ton (excluding taxes) are well below the average processing cost of ccfei measured for the industry of $560 per ton. Compared to the 2.4 million tonnes per year of the company ' s forthcoming production, the pta is projected to invest a total of $3.858 billion and the installation unit is estimated to invest about $1,600 per ton. We believe that the latest pta process can effectively reduce the production and processing costs of pta.
The company’s 2.4 million tons/year pta device is fully operational and will be performing in the first half of the year. In the larger context of the overcapacity in the pta industry, the persistently underconstrained processing costs are conducive to the company’s further strengthening of the kernel at the end of its raw materials.
Long-sleeved through the "to the dark hour" and the "Light Path" were close to the edge. A new crown epidemic affected in 2020, and during the three-quarters off season, with fewer terminal orders, weaver start-up rates and tarp stocks steadily deteriorating, with the surging cost of higher oil prices, deteriorating demand base, keeping long-silver prices low, net single-ton profits falling into negative areas, and the 2020 epidemic left no doubt about the long-silent landscape.
The atmosphere fell to the bottom, and on September 2, 2020, the dty silk single-ton net profit fell at a minimum of $234 per ton.
Top of the barrel, after spring holidays, the price of oil rose to $70 per barrel, which supported the price of the long silk scrubbers. Lower-stream fabric mills pre-stocked or replenished the raw materials at the time of the resumption of the work before and after spring holidays, long-wires went to stock, stock days fell to slightly higher levels than in 2019, the lowest level since the outbreak.
With the rapid rise in lubricant, Poy wire single-ton profits recovered to a maximum of $747 per ton in January 2021, and by 6 April 2021, poy's net profits recovered to $574 per ton, a significant recovery from the last three quarters of last year. In the context of the accelerated fall of vaccines, end demand is likely to continue to warm in 2021, and the long-silent atmosphere will return to upwards.
Figure 25: Pony price and pey single-ton net profit for 2016-2021 (RM/T, Figure 26: Fdy price and Fdy single-ton net profit to date (RM/T, JT/T) Figure 27: Dty price and dty single-ton net profit from 2015 - to date (RM/T, JT/T)
Figure 28: Rate of start-up in the area of popular interest to date (%): Figure 29: Number of days (days) in storage in the region of popular interest to date. In the broader context of economic recovery and accelerated drop-in of vaccines, we believe that international oil prices will maintain a steady moderate upward trend, terminal
The demand margin will continue to warm up with the pace of economic recovery, the industry climate will continue to recover in the upward cycle, and the price of the long wire will return to the same period before the 2019 outbreak; the other side will be a steady compound increase in the end demand, which will always have the space to grow the demand for the future long wire terminal.
Based on the quarterly cumulative increase in retail sales of textile clothing and gdp (current prices) published by the National Statistical Office, we find that the increase in retail sales in the textile and clothing sector has gradually increased in relation to the increase in the gdp since 2014. In 2010-2019, the average increase in the textile and clothing sector in retail terms was 9.09% on average.
In the second half of the year, however, there was a rapid rebound following the epidemic and economic recovery, including the emerging trend of medium- and long-term domestic transfers of South-East Asian orders due to the epidemic.
By the end of 2020, we had 36.63 million tons of filamentation, an increase of 3.65 per cent over the same period. In 2016-2019, the production of filamentation was maintained at a rate of more than 5 per cent, with long filament exports and imports accounting for only about 6 per cent of production.
By 2020, because of the epidemic, which reduced the demand for terminal rotors, it was difficult to sustain the high increase in longline demand last year. From 2013-2018 data, we believe that in the next three years, the demand for long strips will match the demand for downstream textile clothing, and the demand will rise back to more than 5% at the same rate as when the disease was repaired.
In 2020, there were more than 80 enterprises involved in the elixir industry, with total capacity estimated at 4.42 million tonnes/year. According to ccfei statistics and the investment plans published by the companies, the new production capacity for the elixir industry in 2020 was mainly derived from leading enterprises, with a total of 2.431 million tonnes of medium-cr6 (Kronk, Heining, Rtitude, Sinh Feng Ming, Sheng Yeung and Hing), representing 55 per cent of the total capacity.
Industry concentration has increased further, with the Eastern rainbows accounting for 5.5% of the country’s production capacity. In 2021, with three leading companies leading, we are planning to add 4.05 million tons/year-old fumes to our filament capacity.
Or two facilities in Bammag, Germany, with a bottleneck of 2 million tonnes/year, because we expect only part of the new expanded capacity plan to come into operation in 2021, but in the long run, the concentration of the industry will continue to be concentrated in leading firms, and the power to negotiate long silk products will gradually be in the hands of leading firms.
There are differences in the type of filament of the owner of the polyester dragons, with the shares of Kikukun and the production capacity of Seng Fung Ming Pony accounting for 59% and 70%, respectively; the production capacity of the hemospheric petrochemical fdy is close to 60%; and the production capacity of the Eastern rainbow dty is about 48%. There is a pattern of “one for the other” of the country's long filament heads, which continue to strengthen the inner core of competition in their respective areas of advantage and maintain competition between them.
Because of the higher costs of research, capital spending and sales costs of entering less skilled areas, and because the new production and distribution patterns will increase the likelihood of price wars in the area of disaggregation, leading firms will avoid unnecessary competition within the industry through deep-drawing differences, and will achieve a basic agreement, a pattern that will persist in the long-silent silk industry.
At the top of the company’s business, the value of the dty premium is high. The quality of the products is controlled in terms of raw materials, the stability of the production process, and the setting of quality internal control indicators, making production of long-line products of disinherited content of high quality and high visibility within the industry.
The high technical barriers to fibre production, the company’s accumulated long-term technological experience, the difficulty of being emulated and overstepped by other firms, and the value added of the product is much higher than normal fibres, have resulted in higher premiums for the company’s products. According to corporate disclosures, the average premium for January-September 2020 for company dtys compared to industry was $2149.69 per ton, well above industry levels.
Production capacity planning, with 250,000 tonnes/year regenerative differentiation and functional scrubbing (poy/fdy) and 110 additional ballistic machine projects (further processing of Poy into dty) to be put into production in 2021, and company dty silk capacity to be further compared horizontally, based on a comparison of the Māori rate of long-silvered fibres from 2017 to 2020, the company Māori ratio is clear.
In the general context of the 2020 epidemic, which led to the collapse of the demand for terminal spins, the Māori rate for company Pony operations was 1.05%, while the Māori rate for dty operations was 9.50%, and high value added operations were tested for performance support in the low-profile valley.
High-end, high-value-added silk production capacity, on the one hand, will contribute more to the company’s Māori rate, and, on the other hand, to the industry’s exposure to extreme events, such as the extremes of 2020, with greater resilience to risk. Without being satisfied with differentiation and the competitive advantage of high-value-added products, companies have been committed to civil-use long-line research and development.
Many years of autonomous R & D and industry applications have already acquired a number of industry-led core technologies, such as ultra-fine fibres, membrane fibres, bio-based synthetic high molecular fibres, fully dissipated fat polyester fibres, and solar ion super-fiber fibres.
In the future, the company will continue to strengthen technological innovation and product diversification, improve product differentiation rates, develop 60,000 tons/year pet regenerative fibres in 2020, and regenerative fibres in the rainbow will go from bottle chips to spinning.
Solution production process for silk. RebonTech 250,000 tonnes/year project is expected to be launched in 2021, and the company's regenerative fibre capacity will pass over 300,000 tonnes/year, becoming the largest supplier of regenerative fibre in the country. It's equivalent to 10 billion waste gas plastic bottles that can be recycled a year, reducing carbon emissions by about 3.6 million tonnes, and in the future it will be a carbon sink for a “mixed and” scrubbered longline company.
The company’s renewable polyester fibres have now been certified by the global recycling standard grs, and will continue to grow in research and development and production on differentiated and high-performance fibre optics products. Private distillation is taking place, and rainbow integration is coming to fruition.
I. National stock planning and private smelting were impressive 2019 - 2020, with the first 20 million tonnes/year smelting integration project in seven major petrochemical bases, and the 20 million tonnes/year constant pressure-relief device in phase II. In non-seven petrochemical bases, sequestering is on paper.
The 8 million tonnes/year refining project in Lei and the 10 million tonnes/year refining project in Guangdong-moo-moo-moo-moo-moo-moo-moo are planned to be built on a scale of hundreds of millions of tons, with a combination of private and “three barrels of oil” projects. In terms of construction, the 16 million tonnes/year refining project in 2021 and the 15 million tonnes/year refining/year refining expansion project in China-dong are about to be completed.
The Long Island project will be completed in 2023; the Central Pulse and Central Petroleum Guangdong petrochemical projects will be properly advanced, and the extension of the Project will result in a concentration of refined production capacity in 2022-2023. According to data released in the 2020 report of the three leading private refining dragons, the major refining performance is bright.
Net profits doubled over the previous year, helium petrochemical performance increased significantly, and salivated petrochemicals returned to their mothers in 2020 at the bottom of the cycle, roughly at the same level as in 2019. The net profits of the two major private-refined poles in the country were more than $10 billion, while 129.33% of the helium petrochemical load was far higher than that of the mountain-eastern refinery.
For private petrochemical enterprises with low- and middle-stream polyesters, the development of upstream refining projects and the eventual integration of the whole industry chain have enabled the enterprise to have a strong edge in terms of cost, product type and productivity, and have radically changed the competitiveness of the industry.
The Eastern Rainbow Smelting Integration Project, which is based on a controlled subsidiary, has been built in Xu Xu, Xu Yu, in Jiangsu province, and has been identified by the DRC as one of the seven major petrochemical bases along the coast in 2014. The site of the chemicalization industry is 62.61 square kilometres. The main component is the transfer of the petrochemical industry along the river in Jiangsu province to satisfy petrochemical products and raw materials in the long triangle and the central and western regions.
The company ' s refining integration project is the only major refining project in the park and is distributed to the private sector that has already been invested.
In the different provinces, competition between projects is limited within the region, and even in the vicinity of Shandong province, the company’s project will supply demand in the two provinces, with wider distribution channels.
1. Funds are available for the construction of projects, support for the three levels of government funding The amount invested in the restructuring of the company ' s refining project was 67,664 million yuan, of which 58,775 million yuan was invested in construction, and interest on the construction period was 29.67 million yuan was introduced into the three local governments of Jiangsu, Suzhou and Lien Yun Kong, and three government industry funds were set up in the form of 8.5 billion yuan.
After the capital, the company maintained a controlling shareholder position with a change of 73.65%. Given that government funds were largely based on financial support for the Rainbow Refinement Project, the Industrial Fund was expected to withdraw from the project, and the company would resume its full-owned share of the refinery subsidiary as the sole sole sole sole sole proprietor in the country, apart from the Helium Stones.
In June 2019, the company obtained a licence to issue $3 billion in green bonds, and in October of the same year, the first issue of $1 billion in green bonds was issued: on 15 July 2020, the company issued an additional $3.6 billion: on 16 November 2020, in the rainbow.
A loan agreement of $41.5 billion was signed with a consortium led by the Bank of Commerce and Industry; on 21 April 2021, the company was able to transfer $5 billion, of which $3.5 billion was put on the market for refining projects.
Ten thousand tonnes/year constant pressure relief devices, while both zolpidem and helium petrochemicals constitute 20 million tonnes/year of refining capacity. Rainbow refining is the country's largest single-line production capacity and is cost-competitive. Second, under the researchable programme published by the three refining projects, the harvest rate for the glossor was 31%, after adjustment by the smelting unit programme; phase I and II petrochemicals were reduced to 31%.
In accordance with the 14th Five-Year Planning Guidelines for the petrochemicals Industry, the country will continue to promote oil refining enterprises to “reduce” during the fourteen-five-year period. The 14th Five-Year Programme for the petrochemicals focuses on the phase-out of small-scale production capacity and the complete phase-out of small-scale production capacity.
Combining oil refining indicators, building more complex projects with longer construction processes, higher rates of start-up and more diversified products, improving the efficiency of our petrochemical production, reducing the waste of oil in the production chain, and “dry-drying” resources The Rainbow Refinement Project combines the experience of the Herochemical and Zulcochemical projects, focusing products on high-value-added aromatic products and products.
The production of vinyl hydrocarbons has increased to 69%. The ethylene harvest rate has reached 40.79% and the biene rate has reached 56.24%, all of which are in the co-optimal advantage of the chain of volatile industries, leading to the fine-tuning of crude oil and the full utilization of the economy.The project, according to which it can be reported in 2016, estimated a total investment of 83084 million yuan, and the total investment of the adjusted project has fallen.
For $67,664 million, mainly by restructuring some of the refining secondary processing units and construction; eliminating the lubricating oil production series and chemical installations such as downstreameva; modifying the programme for the supply of hydrogen gas; and optimizing the scope of the construction of public works and support units. The sum of the investment in the synthesizing of the project units is at its disposal, based on the total investment in single tons of refining capacity.
The median level of three private refinings. (Note: The dollar index uses 6.5.) In addition to the advantages of the company's refining project itself, the company owns a bright spot that is different from the two other leaders — the park area.
In the petrochemical industrial park of Xu Xu Xin, where rainbow refining is taking place, the Eastern Rainbow subsidiary, Rainbow Pulsification, and the group-under Srbon chemistry are located near the refinery site. The Shrbang main camp operates under the Tomto main device, which uses methanol as a core material for the production of high-value-added acetylene, mamma,eva, eo and its derivatives, etc.
Port petrochemicals have 1.5 million tonnes/year pta capacity, and 2.4 million tonnes/year pta phase II has been launched in the first quarter of 2021. The demand for px and meg for projects that companies and subsidiaries have already started production has totalled 3.3 million tonnes/year, with capacity located in the same area effectively saving the cost of transporting intermediate products and reducing production costs.
Other chemical products will be sold mainly to Jiangsu, Shandong, Anhui or other provinces in the east of China.
For the finished oils produced by the project, the company can transport them abroad through the pipelines and the combined sea and river terminals by means of: 1) bulk sale to the “three barrels of oil” and its sales companies; 2) direct wholesale sale to the terminal enterprises; 3) company-owned retail distribution channels of the gas stations, including through acquisition, leasing, construction and construction.
Downstream, deep processing continues, leading to the creation of “refining + fine chemicals” plants, public works and systems support facilities, with two new projects: the main project is the production of rainbows, with $5,573 million to be invested in the construction of “10.9 million tonnes/year 2#ethanol” and “40.25 million tonnes/year benzene/year” devices.
The phenol/propone device, which is dominated by the rainbow-smelling subsidiary Ionization, is proposed to invest $6,034 million in the construction of 508,000 tonnes/year ethylene devices, 20/450,000/year posm devices, 1125,000 tonnes/year ppg devices, and 25,000 tonnes/year pop devices, further expanding the downstream to chemical deep-processing.
On the whole, the programme from the beginning of the company's big refining project was only produced to ethylene and apropylene, and downstream, through the new ethylene, phenol, epoxypropane and polyol projects, fully exploited the platform for the scalding and integration of the refining industrial chain, further enriched and deepened the structure of the refined products, and expanded the competitiveness of the company's big refining projects.
As a result, the company did not choose the traditional HCP polymer path, with downstream phenols and acetone devices similar to those of the Precious Pulses. The extended industrial chain continued to be deeply processed on the basis of acetone, benzene, and ethylene, with future big refining projects and accompanying projects following the birth, and the company would benefit more from a more integrated and diversified industrial chain.
The company ' s posm and polyols project is located in a petrochemical base in the port of Liamun, where deep processing is carried out using ethylene, acrylic and benzene from the rainbow-smelting integration project, where the production of epoxypropane and styrene is carried out through the aerobic method, and further production of polyether polyols and polymer polyols.
The process process is long and complex, with high operational pressure, a large variety of raw materials and intermediate items, and requires high acrylic quality, equipment prices and construction investments that are appropriate for larger enterprises.
The chemical process has around 3 million tons of capacity worldwide. Compared to other production processes of epoxypropane (chlorol and straight oxygen) there are more co-oxy by-products, with the highest input output, less waste, and less pollution of the environment. Figure 40: ethylbenzo-poxy process (po/sm technology)
We are the largest producer of epoxy-propane in the world, with 30% capacity. By 2018, we produced 2.75 million tons of epoxy-propane in the country and consumed 3 million tons of it. Our consumption structure for epoxy-propane is mainly polyether polyols, acrylic ethers, carbon-acid dimethylenes, surfactants, etc., with 73% polyether polyols, mainly used in the production of polyurethane plastics.
Polyurethane bubbles, polyurethane hard bubbles and polyurethane elastics. Polyurethane bubbles are used mainly for mattresses, sofas, furniture, cars, etc.: polyurethane hard bubbles for heat preservation, refrigerators, etc. Polyurethane elastics for sports runways, coatings, glues and sealants. The annual average compound rate of epoxypropanes increased by 7.7% from 2010 to 2018.
Growth in capital and household consumption will drive demand for epoxypropanes. Figure 41: Production of epoxypropanes, apparent consumption and supply and demand gap (tonnes, tons) Figure 42: Consumption structure of epoxypropanes
According to the company's announcement, the company is now moving forward with a major asset restructuring of Srbonne's petrochemicals.
The Department signed the Agreement on the Issuance of Shares and the Payment of Cash Purchases of Assets with Rainbow Peaching, Boon Industries, CBI, and Sino-Chinese Assets, with a view to purchasing 100% equity in Sre State by issuing shares and paying cash. According to the company ' s announcement, the company is to be established in December 2010 with an amount of $11.14/equity in Srebonne, established by the New Thai Industries and Distinguished Industries, with a capital of $50 million registered and collected.
In July 2011, the former shareholders of Shar State agreed to transfer 95% of their shares to Jiangsu Seon Ribbon and 5% to China and China, officially becoming the company under the flag of the rainbow. After several stake transfers and replenishments, the shareholders of Sharbang were in Sheng Yong, as of May 2021, respectively.
The equity structure in Sørn has not changed since then. Muhangen, the Chu Hongmei couple, through the rainbow petrochemical and concerted actioner Boon Industries, has taken control of 85.45% of the stockholdings in Srbang, and is the actual control of the company.
The main product is the production of high-value-added ethylene derivatives. Using integrated production techniques, methanol is used as the main feedstock for the extraction of ethylene, acrylic, c4, etc., and therefore for the synthesis of ethylene derivatives. The main products include acrylic acetylene, mma, and so on, downstream ethylene derivatives, ea, eo, etc., now form a diversified product of basic petrochemicals and the co-development of fine chemicals.
The area of downstream applications in the areas of photovoltaics, fibre optics, engineering plastics, optical glass, automobiles, medicine, construction, etc. are among the few people in the country who have mastered key technologies in high-end brand products such as eva photovoltaics and have achieved import substitution.
The design capacity of the mto device currently in operation in Srbonne is approximately 2.4 million tonnes/year (methanol) in single-body size, at the top of the world ' s completed mto units. Accompanied devices such as eva, acrylic, mma, eo, and derivatives are among the top players in the industry and have some market influence over the pricing of regional products.
Up to 300,000 tonnes/year, 170,000 tonnes/year, 120,000 tonnes/year, and 420,000 tonnes/year eo and its derivatives. The current construction of the phd project phase II is at its peak. The project will result in an annual production of 700,000 tonnes/year apropylene, 520,000 tonnes/year acrylonitrile and 180,000 tonnes/year mma.
On 19 April 2021, Srbonne signed an investment agreement with the city government of Inner Mongolia for the Green New Materials Cycle Economic Park project, which is expected to invest $127 billion in the construction of methanol and new downstream chemicals materials in the Darat economic development zone.
Construction in two phases: an investment of $67 billion in methanol and downstream production of acetic acid, formaldehyde, 1.8 million tonnes/year of aromatic hydrocarbons and degradable plastics, high-sortage resins, and refined industrial products. An investment of $60 billion in phase two, construction of a new material installation project for methanol, methanol hydrocarbons and downstream cleaners, is expected to be completed by 2030.
Development of the upstream industrial chain to diversify raw material cover and products in the industrial chain from methanol to new chemical materials.
Based on the announcement by Danzig Technology to restructure Srbang and this Eastern Rainbow Reorganize Srbonne, SrbH received $10,982 million in revenues, resulting in a net profit of $531 million for mothers, which fell by 8 per cent and 43 per cent, respectively, mainly as a result of low downstream demand affected by the epidemic. In the first quarter of 2021, Srbun achieved a net return profit of $1,021 million, exceeding 2019.
The net profit for the whole year is mainly due to the outbreak of demand for PV-eva materials, a sharp increase in the price of eva, an increase in Srbonne's profitability, and an increase in Srb's ability to collect each year.c3 industrial chains of acrylonitrile, mma, is the main source of profit in Srb, accounting for more than 80% of the total in Srb in 2016, 2017 and 2018, of which acrylonitrile was found in 2017-2019.
The apparent decline in net profits in 2018 was mainly due to routine repairs and short-term fluctuations in the cost of raw materials. Methanol was the main raw material in the production process in Sr. In 2018, the production of new international methanol devices was delayed and some methanol plants were assembled.
In addition, exchange losses and the costing of interest payments have affected net profits in 2018. Overall, the output structure of Sr., available as of July 2019, is the largest acrylate.
With the introduction of methanol projects for future construction in Inner Mongolia, and the integration of the industrial chain up and down, Surban will gain a higher vertical demand for future consumption from the industrial chain, a better pattern of the product industry towards degradable plastics, a new layout of high-end fine chemical materials, such as water resins, and an enhanced profit advantage for Surban as a methanol-based acrylic dragonhead.
The main production processes are oil-based, gas-based and coal/methanol-based. Oil-based processes are currently the highest in the country, followed by coal-based processes and gas-based processes.
The resource endowment of “coal-rich, oil-poor, gas-poor” determines that the development of new and modern coal-chemicals is in line with the strategic needs of the country, and that coal-based hydrocarbons (cto), or coal-based methanol, are technologies that use coal for synthetic methanol to extract ethylene, acetylene, etc., mainly in coal.
Methanol (ctm) and methanol (mto) are two processes. By 2020, the production of methanol in the country reached 95.35 million tons, increasing in comparison to the same year. Methanol is under MK/t but is under-opening at a lower overall rate, and according to the BW statistics, Methanol starts at about 65% at this stage.
In terms of the main products in Srb. (1) Acrylonitrile: At present, acrylonitrile is used mainly in the production of polyan fibres (), abs resins/plastics, ass resins, polypropylamide, etc., and downstream products are widely used in various areas of the national economy such as domestic electricity, clothing, automobiles, etc.
In 2020, the country produced about 2.3 million tons of acrylic, and Srbonne produced more than 20% of the country’s capacity, the country’s largest producer of acrylic. The price of acrylic is now almost back to 2019, with the price difference between acrylic and acrylic being 8025 tons in the first half of the year and just under 9035 tons in 2019.
(2)eva: At present, the main downstream consumption areas for eva resins are blowing materials, solar photovoltaics, and cable cables. In recent years, the application of eva resins has grown rapidly in the photovoltaic industry, where they are mainly used for the production of evata-positive battery film. As of 2019, China ' s photovolt market had a cumulative installed capacity of 141.67gw, an increase of 14.41%.
With new breakthroughs in technologies in the photovoltaic sector, the cost of photovoltaic power will decline further, thus contributing to the sustainable development of the photovoltaic sector. As domestic and foreign markets actively promote carbon neutrality, future demand for photovoltaic membrane will continue to grow, becoming a major source of demand downstream.
At present, domestic eva products are concentrated in bubbles, ordinary cable materials, relatively abundant supply of low- and medium-end products, intense competition, low-end supply of high-end products with high acetic acid content, high-melting melting indexes. The main producers in our eva are Srpang, Ningbotai, Xinjiang, Jan petrochemicals, Beijing Organics, and China-Americans.
We still have a large supply gap, with imports holding close to 60% and dependence on imports at the higher end of the spectrum. According to the UINCU statement, in 2019, we produced 4208 million tons of cable and photovoltaic, with a consumption gap of 8386 million tons and a consumption gap of 4178 million tons.
Photovoltaic material lifts up high-endeva demand, but the overseas epidemic affects high-endeva imports, starting in July 2020, where prices have gone up rapidly and dramatically, reaching an all-time high of $21,100 per ton, or more than 60% above the 2019 level of about $13,000 per ton. At present, eva and 0.84 units of ethylene acetate and 0.18 units of ethylene acetate are used.
The outbreak has driven Sharbang’s single-season profits to outperform its record year-round performance in the first quarter of 2021. The current share of high-end Sharbang products has been rising, particularly the growing sales of photo-film and high-end cables, differentiation, high-end development strategies that have helped to increase the competitiveness and profitability of the company’s products.
It helps to sustain the concept of photovoltaics, which is expected to continue in the medium term due to the time that remains for the country’s newly created capacity to land, and the short demand-driven trend in this round, which benefits the existing luminous fluorescent conglomerates. (3) mma:mma’s most important downstream consumption area is the production of pmma. pmma is also referred to as “organic glass.”
It's the first downstream product of mya. As an important plastic, pmma has made its applications more widespread with its good permeability, shock resistance, good electrical performance, appropriate rigidity and density, and continues to expand into high-end industrial chains, such as LCD conductors, optical fibres, solar photovoltaic cells, etc., which are limited to the production capacity of high-end types of products.
We have always been a net importer of pmma, with high external dependence, limited self-sufficiency of products, especially high end organic glass products with a certain supply gap, and a broader growth outlook for pmma, which has led to an increase in demand for upstream mamma raw materials. In 2020, as a result of both increases in acetone prices and epidemics, the mma price differential fell to a negative value.
The price of ketone is stable and the demand side of mamma drives up the price, and the mma spread is repaired to $3,000 per tonne, up from the level of early 2020. In the future, as the consumer electronics and photovoltaic industries recover and develop further, mma demand continues to release, industry climate forecasts, valuations, and investment ratings continue to grow.
1. Average capacity utilization and distribution rates for the first three years of the company's fibre optics business over the past three years and for the past two years averaged 88.14 per cent and pta's average capacity utilization and sales rates for the previous three years;
Rehabilitate the polyester chain and gradually return to normal levels in 2019 and before. Given pta excess capacity, there is less margin for profit.3 Overall, after the reorganization of the company ' s M & As, the turnover tax and surcharges and three fees (sales costs, administrative costs and finance) are in place.
The average cost over the last three years is used as a reference assumption for sales costs and management costs in 2021; a modest increase in the cost rate for 2022-2023 is taken into account in view of the cost and management costs of major refining and post-partum sales.
4. The 16 million tonnes/year refinery integration facility for the subsidiary ' s rainbow refining construction will be completed by the end of 2021 and is expected to be fully operational by mid-2022. The East ' s rainbow share in the subsidiary is 73.65%, and the government ' s Industrial Fund is expected to withdraw completely after the project is put into operation, and the company will take full ownership.
5. As the company ' s restructuring of Srbonne is moving forward with greater uncertainty, the revenue projections for Srbun for 2021-2023 in the present report do not take into account the potential performance contribution of Srb.
The completion of the year-end major refining project will start in the second half of 2022 and contribute to the company ' s full year ' s earnings in 2023. According to our projections, the business income of the Eastern Rainbow will be in 2021, 2022, and 2023, respectively, and the company will be valued using the relative valuation method.
The value of a company is thus significantly lower than the average of a comparable company after the value of a comparative company ' s total annual output and contribution in 2022 and 2023. Double and 8.06 times. After the completion of a major refining project and its contribution to a full year ' s performance, the value of a company ' s value is significantly lower than the average of a comparable company ' s water.
Ping, for the first time, covers the “buy-in” rating given to the “buy-in” rate.1 The slow progress in the construction of the refined integration project and the supporting projects is not as profitable as expected;2 and the risk of sharp fluctuations in crude oil prices;
3. The risk of continued loss of profits due to the increased capacity of the national pta overcapacity; B.A. and M.A. in Western Economics. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2017, mainly responsible for research on the crude oil, gas and garment chains.
Cao Cao, Research Assistant in the petrochemical industry. Master of Finance, Kas Business School, City University of London, joined the Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2020.
The component is not relevant, is not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in the present report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindard Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy granted by the CSRC. This report is produced and published by the Sindha Securities Corporation.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.