In the first quarter of 2023, a 27 per cent increase was recorded in the first quarter of 2023, exceeding the motor industry cycle by 4 billion yuan, or +27 per cent, in the Dexieville camp.
Gains (mainly fair value changes due to equity participation) increased over the same period last year. R & D cost increased by 1.3 pct over the same year, interest on bank loans increased by 65% over the same period, high-calculable smart-driving domain controllers, large screen cabin products and high-performance smart-barrel controllers
In 2022, the smart cabin collected $11,755 million, compared to +47.97%, the Māori rate was 21.34%, compared to -3.28 pct. The third generation of smart cabin products has been scaled up and newly acquired the long Anfort and Gifford.
The new project order for Tessavi (0029220.sz) was over $20 billion in 2022, targeting a number of mainstream clients, such as cars, Biadei, wide-air passenger cars, United cars: the fourth-generation smart-class system was fielded for new projects, and the new project order for the smart-barrel was sold year after year in 2022.
In terms of smart driving, 2,571 million won in 2022, compared to 67 per cent in the first quarter of the first quarter of the year.
+83.07% for Māori, 21.52% for Māori, +0.39pct. The company ipu04 has achieved high growth in ideal cars and other customers, such as Dessehwee (00292.sz) - second quarter, a mass product on smart driving, and a large number of hand orders that will be matched by production. ipu02 will be launched.
"Desessive" (002922.sz) - Strategic co-operation of cars, building smart car students, more new programs for matching low-to-middle-high-priced inter-stellar models in the domestic car market, 2022, corporate intelligence driving new projects with annual sales close to $8 billion.
Investment proposal: to maintain profit forecasting and buy-in ratings. Desai Siwei, as the base of car computing and interactive products, is the country’s leading vehicle intelligent driver, with 4 billion yuan at 2023q1 Desai Wei, or +27 per cent. The company’s 2023q1 revenue is 3,983 million yuan.
Compared to +26.80 per cent, ring ratio - 17.39 per cent, the growth rate of corporate revenue exceeds the rate of productivity growth in the automobile industry by 31.1 pct and the fair value changes brought about by the LD over the same period last year.
The Māori rate fell by 2.9 pct and the net interest rate by 1.8 pccpcpd. The Māori rate for companies fell by 1.8 pcpcpd.
Increased interest on bank loans and an increase in financial cost of 0.4 pct on a year-to-year basis.R&D inputs, which have been translated into business and technology transformation, have led to a rapid increase in the size of business and order size of a large number of new products, and have led to a greater accumulation of technology by companies in software capabilities, functional security, information security, etc.
In 2022, the company’s main research and development projects included the fourth generation smart cabin project, the third generation core cabin development, the overseas auto metering project, the smart car, the heliport control platform, the ipu04 platform, the high-pixel camera platform, the cabin viewing brain system, the smart access system.
According to data released by the Chinese Automotive Industry Association, 2023q1 of the country's passenger vehicle sales fell by 7.3 per cent on a year-on-year basis, while Desai Siwei's revenues grew by 26.8 per cent, far exceeding the 34.1 ptt increase in vehicle sales.
On the one hand, on the other hand, the company weighs on the stock side the customers Gilly, the Wall, the Volkswagen, Chiré, the ideal sales in 2023q1 - 1%, -23%, -12%, -11%, +47%, +66% respectively; and on the other hand, the incremental pattern and increment.
The product has contributed to significant performance growth in 2023q1, either incrementally or from Jili, Toyota, Hiroshima, Ideas, and traditional car companies, and the new models of Jili, Biadei, and Toyota are expected to continue to make significant contributions in 2023. We have combed the mainstream models of Jili, Biadei, and since the market, the sales of Biadi seals have continued.
With regard to the new power of the car, the little pipu03 autopilot controllers have been produced on the p5 and p7, while the next generation autopilot controller ipuo4, based on the British Weldaorin chip, has become the ideal car, the pelican.
Cars, etc., which have led to new forces and mainstream traditional car companies, have entered the scale-up phase, with 22h2 starting with volume-based production. Delivery of 3.10.182/52.26 million vehicles per ape/ideal 2023q1, respectively, with ideal l9 achieving sales of 0.33/0. 55/2.11 million vehicles in 2023q1, of which p5 and p7 are respectively.
Energy-motion-interactive, Desecway-moved with one-size-fits-all, energy-motivated, Texas-based with one-size-fits-all.
On-site, the industrial chain is broken down into "chips-systems-applications-shows" and screens, hud, glass, car lights, etc. are expected to be core interactive products. Under the chassis are mainly smart electric power and smart driving, smart electric integration three power systems, which support the core energy of the entire drive; intelligent driving is based mainly on "sensors-calculation platforms---"
Automatic driving algorithms go to the implementation level to achieve horizontal and vertical motor control. In summary, in the future, smart cars have three core elements at the end of the vehicle: energy, motion, interaction, and Desailawy is a motorist and interactive motor intelligence tap.
Desaiway: As a motorist and interactive motor intelligence leader, the heart of Desaiway's business end lies in intelligent driving (receipt of 15 per cent), smart cabins (receipt of 82 per cent). Smart driving is a fast-growing business for companies, and the core is in smart-driving domain controllers (ipu01, ipu02, ipu03, ipu04).
The smart cabin is a firm business, the core of which is the big single thing in the cabin (LCD, CCM, HQ controller). The reprogramming of the DeSaiseway development path, from the smart cabin to the smart driving, from the big one to the integrated, from the autonomous-
Joint-venture-head ownership, new forces and joint ventures, volume increases (to clients), price increases (high-value-added product product product extension) are the core logic that runs through Desaiway clients and products. The annualized sales of company ' s new project orders in 2022 also exceeded $20 billion, of which a new project order year for smart cabins.
The rapid growth in corporate performance was underpinned by a breakthrough of $10 billion in sales, an annualized sales of orders for new smart cabins close to $8 billion, and breakthroughs in new products (prices up) and new customers (volume increases).
Price rises: Product dimensions, focusing on three major operations: smart cabins, smart drivers, and web services. Corporate products focus on three major business groups: smart cabins, smart drivers, and web services, providing a people-centred, universal, intelligent and efficient overall travel programme, with smart cars at its centre, and participating in the construction of future intelligent encounters.
(i) Smart seats: the size of the collection and the annualized sales of new projects orders double-dip 10 billion.
In 2022, new corporate smart class products were sold year after year, and the third generation of high-performance smart class products have been scaled up, and many mainstream clients, such as Long Anfort, Gilly, Biadey, Wide-Air and United, have been identified for their projects: the new generation is higher.
In order to better meet the differences in domestic and foreign markets, companies are constantly refining the product matrix in the area of smart cabins, covering from light-quantifiable high-value to high-value to demand-wide, while providing more and better clients with platforming and standardization to reduce efficiency gains.
The assessment marks the company’s software development process and quality management capacity in the smart cabin area, which has reached the international lead in information and entertainment systems, display systems, and LCDs, all of which have been growing rapidly, and have made abrupt advances in overseas markets. In 2022, the company’s information and entertainment system acquired a platform order for Toyota, Hiroshima, and Toyota.
And new project orders such as Volkswagen, suzuki, Seet, East Wind Nissan, etc.: the screen project broke through white-point customers and first sent a double 23.6 inch miniled binary screen; LCD operations received new project orders for Biadi, Hiroshima, Gilly, Stellantis, etc.
2) Smart driving: New projects order sales amounting to nearly $8 billion annually, from low speed parking to high speed autopilot, from low-level smart driving aids to complete autopilot, from free foot to free eye, companies provide intelligent, safe and efficient solutions, and eventually,
In 2022, new corporate smart driving orders reached nearly $8 billion a year, supporting the continued growth of smart driving. Corporate smart driving has reached the country in the areas of software design, quality management, network security, functional security, etc.
Smart-driving domain controller products are certified as functional security of the iso2662asild product. In the case of smart-driving domain controllers, the size of the company’s output is already at the forefront of the domestic market and the product matrix will cover more arithmetic areas to meet wider market demand.
A large number of hand-held orders will provide a strong support for intelligent driving to maintain high growth. The lightweight smart driving domain controller ipu02 will launch more new programs that match the country’s largest segment of the medium-to-high-to-medium-priced inter-area model.
With the rapid increase in domestic penetration of the products of the L2, l2+ class adas, the company’s lightweight intelligent driving domain controller is expected to rise rapidly. The company’s smart driving business is committed to providing an overall solution and a combination of many forms of business models, off-intelligent driving.
In addition to the domain controllers and related algorithms, the relevant sensors and t-box products have gained a market lead, with high-definition cameras, adas cameras having achieved a volume of scale production, millimetre wave-gap radars, bsd radars being used in multiple client volume applications, while 4d and the national production radar programme have completed the industrial technology layout: 5g+v2x
The t-box+smart antenna program has successfully achieved volume-based production in upper-air, red flags, etc., and in 2022 it acquired a domestic head oem-type multi-carrying operation to assist in the expansion of the internationalization operation in Lidex Seville. In October 2022, Desecway Europe successfully acquired the antenna-testing and certification lead supplier, the antenna.