The country's famous medicine went to the whole country, and the Southwest Securities Research and Development Center was flying on both wings.
Recommended logic: In 2019, the company, a leading pharmaceutical company in the hepatitis category, recovered $5.7 billion, based on traditional Chinese medicine, gradually expanded in areas such as solarization and health care. 1) The company has a strong branding advantage, with 19 price increases that have not yet touched the ceiling, and has sufficient stocks of scarce raw materials to ensure expansion of the country ' s channels. 2) The market for hepatic medicine is nearly 100 billion.
In the long term, the brand has expanded the traditional line of precious Chinese medicine products, and the solar plate has been removed from the market. It has three core competitive features: brands, raw materials, and channels. 1) Strong brands: a long history of state-sanctioned Chinese medicine, with the right to use rare raw materials.
The price increase is set at 19 price increases in retail prices between 2004 and 2020, and the price increase has not yet touched the ceiling. (2) The company has expanded its national channels through the opening of a national experience shop to attract the country’s high net consumer population. By the end of 2020, the country had reached 260 places, with new experience in the provinces.
There are 64 more out-of-towns in 2020 and 6 more in the province. The share of experience stores has risen rapidly, and the share of out-of-town sales income has been realized as the out-of-town experience stores have gradually matured. 3) In all cases, we assume that we produce more than 100 kg a year.
Each can meet three years of expansion of productive capacity, around 100 million people. 1) In terms of health-care attributes, per capita spending on health care has continued to grow rapidly, with a market size of 1948 billion yuan in 2020, with a fragmented pattern of competition in the industry, with Top5 accounting for only 19.8 per cent of the population.
As a high-end health-care product, hepatolysis is highly effective, with a healthy drinking concept that is expected to follow a billion yuan. 2) In terms of the properties of the medicine, the pill is ranked first in the market for hispatopathic drugs. In 2020, the entire market for hepatopathic drugs was 99.8 billion yuan, and in 2019, the drug market for hepatic diseases in our country.
The penetration rate is 2.5 per cent, if the patient penetration rate rises to 0.5 per cent over the next three years, the use of the chronic liver disease drug for the enhanced Chinese medicine has started to be broken down into the public market by day. 1) Strengthening the traditional Chinese medicine, and acquiring and purchasing the dragons to obtain the names Anmiya, ox and Xianghu, etc., to create a brand name and channel advantage. 2) Corporation and others
Shanghai’s cooperation in domesticization has led to the creation of subsidiaries to expand the solar-chemical category, and has continued to perform well. Cosmetics plates have grown by more than 50% in 2018-2019, with revenue reaching $430 million in 2019, and growth has been strong.
The company's predecessor, the Pharmacy Company, was founded in 1956 to produce a unique product, which was placed on the market in June 2003.
In the last year of the Ming Dynasty, the Tsing Dynasty was able to escape from the palace by a court doctor and the secret department, thereby enabling its circulation to the masses. In 1965, the Tsai was classified by the National Drug Administration and the State Secret Service as a top-secret national priority for the protection of Chinese medicine, and in 1994 was listed as a priority drug.
In China, China has been one of the top countries in the world for more than 30 consecutive years. In China, China, China has been a drug producer for more than 20 consecutive years. The export of a single foreign trade product has a very high profile and reputation in the Chinese diaspora.
The company’s main products cover a variety of areas, such as hepatic, cardiovascular, flu, diabetes, etc. The core products of the company are a series of products, including cylindrical, cylindrical capsules, cylindrical silicons, ecclesiastical creams, and accelerosis cream. The company’s backbone products, the cylindricals, are used mainly for acute and chronic viral effects caused by heated haemorrhagic bruises.
Hepatitis, anthrax, unknown swollen, bruises, and all kinds of inflammation.
As the company develops, Liu Jianxiao, the new Chairman of the Board, proposed in 2014 a corporate development strategy for “one nuclear wing”, which refers to the company maintaining the core strength of its traditional Chinese pharmaceutical industry, supplemented by the development of health-care foods and solar goods, and the flow of medicines. The company will focus on building a “one nuclear wing” of the company.
The company’s main business is currently three main sectors: the pharmaceutical industry, the pharmaceutical business and the solar goods. Figure 4: “One nuclear two-wing” development strategy
The company now has 36 subsidiaries, covering the pharmaceutical industry, pharmaceutical commerce, solar goods, food health, and so on. The company is moving toward a comprehensive strategy for the “one nuclear” company, and the development of diversification has given firmer guarantees for the company’s profits.
Industrial plates: In July 2020, investment was made in the Dragon Pharmacy industry, which has 115 pharmaceutical approvals, including traditional Chinese medicine such as the Antxl and Western yellowballs. As product lines expand, it is expected that a strong traditional branding camp will be formed to strengthen the “one nuclear” strategy.
Solar plate: a joint venture between the company and Shanghai Familyization to establish the Shanghai Family Artificial Care Company Ltd., a company whose main business is the development, production and sale of dental and other oral care products, business management services, etc.
A central subsidiary of the company in oral care. Business plate: a continuous acquisition of regional subsidiaries, a consolidation of regional resources in the commercial flow of medicines.
Pharmacology Ltd., a company based in Western medicine, Chinese medicine, and the wholesale distribution of medical equipment, is an important piece of chess on the path to medical commerce, opening up new avenues in the field of pharmaceutical commerce. The company’s first shareholder is Xiaolongjiang Group Ltd.
The company’s “one-wing” strategy is facilitated by a stable equity structure. The price increases for the beneficiary products, the rise in income, and the increase in the net profits of the parent.
This represents an increase of 17 per cent in the same year, with a net return to the mother of $1.329 billion, or 20 per cent in the same year. In 2020, it benefited mainly from the terminal price of the pharmaceutical industry, which contributed to the core of Māori.
The net profit rate and the gross profit ratio have risen, and the four rates have remained stable. The company ' s price increases, both Māori rates and net interest rates in 2020 have increased significantly, the company ' s system has improved and the product matures so that neither the sales rate nor the management rate nor the financial rate have changed significantly. The rise in the R&D rate is due to the company ' s increased investment in R&D, which is widening the range of adaptation and innovation inputs.
The cost of research has increased as a result of the increase in the size of the surface.
In 2018, it continued to be protected. It was a top-secret formulation at the national level, and it was approved by the state.
The company was approved by the National Forestry Service in 2005 as one of the first drug companies to use natural mussels. By 2016, there were only 17 varieties, and 14 businesses had acquired natural resources.
As a traditional and valuable drug, musk is mentioned in historical pharmacological books such as this herbs, the Great Farmer's Book, and so forth as to have the perceptible effect of awakening the god, living blood, and swollen pain relief. However, natural musk has been drastically reduced from 2 to 3 million wild mussels in the 1950s to 6 to 7 million wild mussels, so the State in 2003 adjusted the mussels to the second level of the country's wildlife protection animals.
A series of policies have been put in place to protect mussels, while a quota system has been introduced for the use of natural mussels, guaranteeing the supply of small quantities of expensive Chinese medicine.
Close to 40 pharmacological, quality and clinical research projects are under way to treat hepatitis B fibrosis, new coronary pneumonia, and herpes with chronic hepatitis B. Evidence-based trials are ongoing for already mature adaptive hepatitis cancers, hepatitis B, etc.
In recent years, the company has increased its marketing of brand names, expanding its influence from historical and cultural heritage, branding, overseas outreach and academic outreach.
Academic articles, such as "Gossip Girl" , use of scientific data to explain the film's effectiveness, and use of the famous portal and media platform to develop a second fermentation that maximizes its effectiveness and enhances the market's recognition of and trust in the film's efficacy. Through the "One Way" policy, it is a major historical and cultural treasure on the Silk Road.
From 2014 to 2019, the brand values and rankings on the Hu-yun brand list increased significantly, reaching $14.5 billion in 2019, ranking in the health brand, and the price and volume increases will continue to lead to the company’s future performance growth.
Price increases (including internal and external sales) The first-wave price cycle continued from 2005 to 2008, with musk, mainly from the core material, being controlled for the first time by the National Forestry Service, and medicines containing natural mussels became market-scarce at a time when prices continued to rise.
In 2007, the price of raw materials rose again, domestic retail prices rose by $30, exports rose by $6, and in 2008 the price of revenue increased considerably, mainly because end-use was restricted by the distribution of channels.
The net profit is higher, mainly because the end-use is growing rapidly. In 2015, the company opened an experiential shop that allowed the country to expand the distribution of channels and brands across the region, using channels to expand its advantages.
In January 2020, the price was raised by $60 per inch, and 40 per cent per inch per inch. For pamphlet and ammonium, the price increase is far from reaching the ceiling, and the future price increase is large.
The price increase is far below that of the ceiling. The retail price increase was 471% in 2004-2020 as a scarce wine, while the price increase was only 82% in 2004-2020 as a scarce brand. And the price increase for the ammonium herbs was 445% in 1997-2020 as opposed to the ammonium herbs.
In our view, the brand is strong as an officially recognized rare traditional and expensive medicine, and the brand has decided to keep raising prices. Historically, 19 price increases were made between 2004 and 2020, compared to the price increases of Mautai, Antiya, and the yellow pill.
At the profit end, price increases for net profits have been demonstrated by history. As brands are promoted, brand influence is constantly raised, and future price increases are more likely to remain high, and channels 2.2: expand the scope of the experience hall and expand the national market.
In order to meet the growing consumption of high-end customers, the company has been developing its experience shop channels since 2015. The company integrates the layout of the experience with a network of dealers in advanced consumer goods and builds high-end stores.
From 2015, companies began to open national channels in the form of experiential shops, which have a dual role in “channel expansion + brand promotion.” As the number of experiential stores expanded nationwide, the share of revenue from the experiential outlets increased over the years.
In 2015, 20 businesses were opened, and as of 31 December 2020, 260 have been distributed nationwide. A national layout has been set up, setting up a national distribution channel. In 2020, 64 more shops have been set up, six more have been set up in the province, and a provincial outlet has been set up to provide speed.
We believe that the next few years will be a period of rapid growth as the experience stores mature and brands grow in the off-provincial market. The main reason is that, first, the experience stores operate for a short period of time, and income will continue to grow rapidly as the experience stores mature:
Second, there is a low penetration rate in the field, with a total of 20 provinces with fewer than 5 experiential shops at the end of 2019, with a large and low penetration rate in the city and a relatively low base for the growth of the experiential shops, and a rapid growth in the number of new experiential shops outside the province in the future, which will result in a significant increase in the share of the out-of-provincial market.
To benefit from the expansion of the experience shop in all regions of the country, the visibility of the product has gradually moved from Fujian province to the country. In terms of sales, the north-east, north-east, central China, south-west, and north-west have increased considerably.
2.3 Raw material: There are sufficient stocks of raw materials, short-term expansion is not subject to raw materials. 2.3.1 Core raw materials account for up to 90 per cent of the cost. Natural musk and cow yolk are the cost of the two core raw materials.
Natural mussels are in short supply and raw materials are in constant high prices. At the national level, there are 6-7 million head of forest mussels, about 600 kg of national musk per year, according to 20 g musk per bear per year, while the demand for musk per year is high.
The long-term imbalance between supply and demand has caused the price of our natural musk to continue to rise, and the increase in raw materials has helped to boost the price of the plant. Natural yolk is also scarce. According to the Chinese Medicine Association of China, the country produces less than 1,000 kg of natural cow butter per year, while the demand for it in traditional medicine is about 5,000 kg.
2.3.2 A sufficient stock of raw materials for artificial mussels to support productive capacity The company has continued to promote the industrial development model of “Corporate + Base + Scientific Research + Farmers” and has set up Sichuan Xi Xianghua, respectively