The country's famous medicine went to the whole country, and the Southwest Securities Research and Development Center was flying on both wings.
• Investment logic: the company is a leading pharmaceutical company in the hepatitis category, with three core bright spots: 1) the company has a strong card edge, with 19 price increases that still do not touch the ceiling, and there are sufficient reserves of scarce raw materials to ensure the expansion of national channels. 2) The market for hepatitis medicines is nearly 100 billion, the market for health products is nearly 200 billion, and a platinum is used as a scarce high-end hepatitis medicine.
In the long run, the brand has expanded its traditional and valuable Chinese products, with three core competitive brands, raw materials, and channels. 1) Strong brands: a long history of Chinese medicine at the national certification level, with rights to the use of scarce raw materials, and brand values.
Health care is ranked first on the list. The price increase is based on the popular Chinese tradition. From 2004 to 2020, the price was raised 19 times, the price price has risen steadily, and the price increase has not yet touched the ceiling. 2) Tops: 260 have been set up in the country at the end of the year, while the number of extra-provincial experience shops has increased, and 64 in 2020.
There are six in the province. The share of experience stores has risen rapidly, and the share of sales income outside the province has gradually been realized as the experience shops are entering maturity. 3) Controlling raw materials: companies promote artificial mussels to make up for the scarcity of raw materials, which currently have more than 10,000 mussels, and we assume that we produce more than 100 kg per year.
At present, the company has sufficient strategic reserves of raw materials, both musk and cow yolk, to meet three years of expansion in productive capacity. Around 100 million people bring a huge market demand for liver care and treatment. 1) In terms of health-care attributes, per capita spending on health care has continued to grow rapidly, with a health-care market of $171 billion in 2020 and a competitive industry.
The Bureau is fragmented, with top5 accounting for only 33.7 per cent of the high-end health care products, and, under the concept of healthy drinking, it is expected to grow rapidly with high-end white wine, assuming a penetration rate of 3 per cent over the next three years, with potential market space amounting to $5.1 billion.
The penetration rate in the country’s liver medicine market is 2.5%, if the penetration rate rises to 0.5% in the next three years, and the market for chronic liver medicine exceeds $20 billion.
The traditional high-value varieties of cattle, yellow and Xinjiang, which build on brand names and channel advantages, have been able to create a high-value drug tap; and 2) the company, in collaboration with Shanghai Familyization, has established a subsidiary to expand its solar-chemist group, and has continued to perform well. The cosmetics plate, which grew by more than 50% in 2018-2019, earned $430 million in 2019, has maintained a strong growth momentum.
It's on the agenda to separate the cosmetics subsidiary.
In the late years of Ming Dynasty, Tsai was escaped from the palace by a court doctor and the secretist, and was able to reach the people in 1965.
The Chinese National Drug Administration and the State Secret Service have classified the Chinese pharmaceutical agent as a top-secret national priority, and in 1994 as the country’s first-level drug-protected species. The Chinese are among the top foreign-trade exporters in more than 30 countries and regions of the world for more than 20 consecutive years.
Figure 1: A brief history of the development of Chai Chai's company, whose main products cover a wide range of areas such as hepatic medicine, cardiovascular medicine, flu medicine, diabetes medicine, etc. The core product is a series of products, including a cylindrical, a cylindrical capsule, a combination of accelerosis and a combination of cytomy.
The company’s pillar product, “Photo” is used mainly for acute and chronic viral infections caused by hemorrhoid bruises, hepatitis, anthrax, unnamed swollen, bruises and all kinds of inflammation.
This is a flat ellipse block with an ellipse ring on it.
Skins, visible molds. Hardy, hard to break. The fractures are very rough, brown, even colored, with a small amount of filamentary filament. The powder is brown or brown, fragrance, bitter, icing.
Hemorrhoids, unnamed swollen, bruises and all kinds of inflammation, induced by acute hepatitis, ear disease, eye infection, cavity of teeth, throat swollen, throat milk moths, mouth and tongue sores, burns, burns, stab wounds, sprains, bees and snake bites, Southern treatment, infections and all inflammation.
The pain, the fever, etc. (inner coats and coats, which are more effective for treatment) oral. At 0.6 q, children under 8 years of age 0.15-0.3 q per day, 2-3 times per day; at the end of the study, cold water is opened or a little bit of vinegar is applied to the condition (the ulcer can paint it around the condition).
Keep it wet, or ash. 1 piece per box, 3 grams net. 3% musk, 5% cow yellow, 785% field, 7% snake gall.
Since its inception, the company has been based on the series of "Photos" products as its core business. With the company ' s development, the new chairman, Liu Jianxun, introduced in 2014
The “one nuclear” is the company’s central advantage in maintaining its traditional Chinese drug-producing flagship. It is complemented by the development of health-care foods, solar products, and the flow of medicines.
There are three main sectors of business: the pharmaceutical industry, the pharmaceutical business, and the solar goods industry.
Accompanied by a strong traditional line of precious Chinese medicine products, the “one-nuclear” strategy is reinforced. Solar panels: a joint venture between the company and Shanghai Familyization to establish the Shanghai Family Artificial Care Company Ltd. \triangleright \triangleright
The company’s main business is the development, production, and marketing of toothpaste products and other oral care products. The company’s core subsidiary in oral care.
Business plates: The acquisition of regional subsidiaries is ongoing, and regional resources for the commercial flow of medicines are consolidated. The Xiamen Xiaoyanxianxiao Hongren Medicines Ltd. is a company that operates primarily in the West, in Chinese medicine, in the wholesale distribution of medical equipment, and is an important subsidiary in the medical business, opening new avenues for the commercialization of medicines.
The company’s first shareholder is Xiaolongjiang Group Ltd. (a 100% shareholding by the Quizhou City State Finance Committee), which holds 57.9% of the shares directly, while other shareholders are more decentralized and have less weight, and overall, the equity structure is stable, contributing to the sustainability of the company’s “one wing” strategy.
In 2020, q3 achieved a gross operating income of $5.07 billion, or 17 per cent, and a net profit of $1,329 million, or 20 per cent, respectively. By 2020, it benefited mainly from a small terminal price, the pharmaceutical industry plate contributed to the core of Māori.
The total Māori rate was 47.4%, an increase of 2.6 pp in the same year. The Māori gross profit and Māori ratio of the pharmaceutical industry remained stable at a flat rate in 2019, as measured by the Māori rate of each business block. In 2020, companies were affected by price increases, Māori rates and net interest rates increased significantly, the company system improved and products matured, so neither sales nor management nor financial costs were available.
The increase in R & D costs is due to increased research and development inputs by companies and to the expansion of the range of inputs for adaptation and innovation.
2.1 Brands: National Treasure Class. The trend is to keep up the price increase. 2.1.1 Strong brands lay the basis for price increases.
In 2018, it continued to be protected. It was a top-secret formulation at the national level, and it was approved by the state as a unique patent formulation. We currently have only one single piece of platinum and Yunnan white medicine as a top-secret formulation at the national level.
As of 1 July 2005, one of the drug companies using natural musk, each piece of titanium has been marked with a separate number, the “China Wildlife Operations Management Special Mark” and limited production. As of 2016, there were only 17 species in the country, and 14 businesses had been granted the right to use natural musk.
Historic chemistics such as The Weeds refer to their extraordinary effects as a wake-up call, living blood, and pain-free. But natural musk has fallen sharply from 2 to 3 million wild mussels in the 1950s to 6-7 million, so in 2003 the country adapted the musk to a level I wildlife conservation animal, followed by a series of policies to protect musk animals.
Quotas have been introduced for the use of natural mussels, guaranteeing a small supply of valuable Chinese medicine. Evidence-based research on product efficacy.
A clinical study on the treatment of chronic viral hepatitis B fibrosis, new coronary pneumonia, and herpes with herpes is currently under way. Evidence-based trials are ongoing for already mature adaptive hepatitis cancers, hepatitis B, and so on.
In recent years, the company has increased its marketing of brand names and expanded its influence from historical and cultural heritage, brand promotion, overseas outreach and academic outreach.
The use of scientific data to explain the usefulness of the film, the use of scientific data, the use of the popular portal and the media to promote the second-time fermentation of the platform, has maximized the effectiveness of the campaign and enhanced the market’s recognition of and trust in the effectiveness of the film. Through a “one-way” policy, the Silk Road has been re-established as an important historical and cultural treasure on the Silk Road.
It is now the second brand of health care. From 2014 to 2020, the brand value and ranking on the Huyun brand list increased significantly, reaching $35.7 billion in 2020, a 159% increase, and ranked first in the health care brand.
Table 6: Corporate branding campaign 2.1.2 price increases are far from touching the ceiling, and price increases and releases will continue to generate growth in company performance in the future.
Price increases (including internal and external sales) The first-wave price cycle continued from 2005 to 2008, with musk, mainly from the core material, being controlled for the first time by the National Forestry Service, and medicines containing natural mussels became market-scarce at a time when prices continued to rise.
In 2007, the price of raw materials rose again, domestic retail prices rose by $30, exports rose by $6, and in 2008 the price of revenue increased considerably, mainly because end-use was restricted by the distribution of channels.
The net profit is higher, mainly because the end-use is growing rapidly. In 2015, the company opened an experiential shop that allowed the country to expand the distribution of channels and brands across the region, using channels to expand its advantages.
In January 2020, the price was raised by $60 per inch, and 40 per cent per inch per inch. For pamphlet and ammonium, the price increase is far from reaching the ceiling, and the future price increase is large.
The price increase is far below that of the ceiling. The official retail price increase was 428% in 2004-2020 as a scarce wine, while the price increase was only 82% in 2004-2020 as a scarce brand. The price increase was also 445% in 1997-2020 as against the price of the pill.
In our view, the brand is strong as an officially recognized rare traditional medicine, and the brand determines that it will continue to raise prices. Historically, 19 price increases were made in 2004-2020, compared to the price increases in Mautai, Angiya, and the yellow pill.
At the profit end, price increases for net profits have been clearly demonstrated in history. With brand promotion and increasing brand influence, price increases are more likely to remain high in the future, with channels 2.2: national outreach workshops, and non-core regional revenues growing rapidly.
In order to meet the growing consumption of high-end customers, the company has been developing its experience shop channels since 2015. The company integrates the layout of the experience with a network of dealers in advanced consumer goods and builds high-end stores.
As the number of sites expanded nationwide, the share of revenue from those outlets rose from year to year, to 2019.
In 2015, 20 businesses were opened, and as of 31 December 2020, 260 have been distributed nationwide. A national layout has been set up, setting up a national distribution channel. In 2020, 64 more shops have been set up, six more have been set up in the province, and a provincial outlet has been set up to provide speed.
We believe that the next few years will be a period of rapid growth as the experience stores become operational and brands become more popular in the off-provincial market. The main reason is that, first, the experience stores are operating for a relatively short period of time, and income will continue to grow rapidly as the experience stores become operational;
Second, there is a low penetration rate in the field, with a total of 20 provinces with fewer than 5 experiential shops at the end of 2019, with a large and low penetration rate in the city and a relatively low base for the growth of the experiential shops, and a rapid growth in the number of new experiential shops outside the province in the future, which will result in a significant increase in the share of the out-of-provincial market.
To benefit from the expansion of the experience shop in all regions of the country, the visibility of the product has gradually moved from Fujian province to the country. In terms of sales, the north-east, north-east, central China, south-west, and north-west have increased considerably.
2.3 Raw material: There are sufficient stocks of raw materials, short-term expansion is not subject to raw materials. 2.3.1 Core raw materials account for up to 90 per cent of the cost. Natural musk and cow yolk are the cost of the two core raw materials.
Natural mussels are in short supply and raw materials are in constant high prices. At the national level, there are 6-7 million head of forest mussels, about 600 kg of national musk per year, according to 20 g musk per bear per year, while the demand for musk per year is high.
The long-term imbalance between supply and demand has caused the price of our natural musk to continue to rise, and the increase in raw materials has helped to boost the price of the plant. Natural yolk is also scarce. According to the Chinese Medicine Association of China, the country produces less than 1,000 kg of natural cow butter per year, while the demand for it in traditional medicine is about 5,000 kg.
Figure 20: Natural musk prices and unit costs
The company has continued to promote the industrial development model of the company + base + scientific research + farmers, and has set up Sichuan Xi Xianghua.