Under the epidemic, high-growth resilience is still high.
In the wake of the outbreak, the company’s revenue performance remained high. 2022H1 company revenues of $885 million, compared to the \triangleright paused, while the East China region, as the center of the company’s product sales, had a certain impact on the overall income to ease the overall pressure.
In June, the epidemic was brought under control, the demand for front-loaded light-medical American products was released more quickly, the company’s core product, which grew faster, as the main product of the solution type injection, and the income from the 22h1 solution was raised to $640 million, compared to 35 per cent in the daytime period.
With the rapid penetration of institutions in the country’s second-line cities into new corporate growth dynamics, we expect a significant increase in the sales of q2 over q1 during the daytime, with income from gels pulling 22h1 at $240 million, or +60 per cent.
At the end of the Māori ratio, the Māori ratio of 2022h1 was 94.39 per cent, \triangleright was dominated by the cost of the scale effect on the company ' s income on the one hand, and high-end products on the other hand, during the day.
JUNG Purple can be upgraded, and the structure of the product is driven up. At the end of the scale, 2022h1 sales/management/research and development rates are regulated by sales rates, including training; in addition, there is an increase in incentives for R & D personnel, higher remuneration and in R & D technology.
Cost inputs, corresponding to higher R&D rates. Based on Māori rates and rates, the net interest rate for 2022h1 is 66.78%, and the Emeritus (300896.sz) 2022q1 quarterly reviews are: a strong leader, diversified product matrix layout, sustained stick-on boosts high corporate growth. 1) Core products
\triangleright, consumer repurchases in the neck market to boost product sales; and rejuvenating market demand to boost panda needle sales.
Sale; combustible bubble needles, as water-coded needles, are expected to benefit from an upturn in the market share of industry regulation.) White is beneficial for planning development, leading to regenerative medicine in the US era - 2022 Angels: 2021q3 products, positioning high-priced masters to stimulate the regenerative market, as corporate channels continue to open.
Sales are expected to grow at a faster pace, with improved knowledge and consumer awareness. 3) Botox products: company and Korean huons 3. Emmetts (300896.sz) 2021 Report Review: Net Mothers bp signed a partnership to introduce its meat toxin products by means of R & D registration and agreed to be the only legitimate in China.
The same gain is 117%, and the product is expected to expand in a highly regulated context - the vendor imports and distributes the product, the product is currently in the iii clinical group, and the company will successfully market the meat and poison market and enjoy the dividends of the market's growth. The reserve of the follow-up product is rich, including the chronic weight management drug Lilalu Pin injection.
Plumbing fast-tracking 2022/01/21 fluids, deoxychotic injection fluids, lidocaine creams, transparent physiotic enzymes, etc.
\triangleright \triangleright Research conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, independent and objective presentation of the present report and accountability for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by researchers
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.