The epidemic has highlighted the resilience of medical dragonheads, and q2 has outperformed the Southwest Securities Research and Development Center.
• Summary of performance: The company released its semi-annual report for 2022, with revenue of 890 million yuan, an increase of 39.7 per cent in the same year, a net profit of 590 million yuan for the mother, an increase of 38.9 per cent in the same year, and a net profit of 570 million yuan for the non-mortality of the mother, which was reversed by the epidemic. The company's performance remained positive.
The Division's performance was reversed, with a rapid increase in core products in the first half of 2022. In addition, the company's new products “silenced” during the day, adding to the growth in corporate performance. The company's injection income of 640 million (+35.1 per cent) was about 73 per cent of total revenue, with a Māori rate of 94.1 per cent, an increase of 0.3 pp from the same year; and gel notes.
Higher R & D inputs and robust R & D projects. Corporate management costs were 4.3% for the period, compared to 0.2 pp for the same period, mainly due to higher remuneration for managers; and sales costs were 9.7%, the same period as last year.
In the pre-clinical phase, one has already received a clinical release, four clinical trial phases and one registered test phase, and the Department's research and development project has been robust and sustained.
Signing a framework agreement for cooperation in marketing, whereby companies will introduce huonsbp products as R & D registers and import and distribute products as the only legal distributor in the agreed distribution area. This cooperation will further enrich the public medicine industry’s product types and will be possible with the company through its product registration experience and marketing system.
There is synergy between the existing products and the consolidation of the corporate sector. Emeritus (300896), performance growth has turned upside down, 2. Emeritus (300896), star production drives performance.
The industry’s leading industry, with a growing array of products, is expected to continue to grow rapidly, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. Growth, with the advantage of scale, raises the quality of profitability.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.