q2 steady growth, driven by a recovery in industry accelerated in the second half of the year Events: companies reported in 2022h1, with revenues of 885 million yuan, an increase of 39.7 per cent over the reporting period, and net return to mothers of 591 million yuan, an increase of 38.9 per cent, net profit of 571 million yuan, an increase of the same
The company’s revenue performance was largely in line with expectations, with steady growth in the second quarter in response to the shock of the epidemic. In the daytime, needle-firing led to high income growth, with high-performance on the system’s list of products.
\triangleright Injection product income of $643 million was achieved over the same period last year and the first half of this year, with an increase of 35.1 per cent, or 2.5 to 72.7 per cent, in comparison with the impact of the epidemic.
Li Xiao, in a context where demand in the industry has been constrained, the company has increased its outreach, doctors' training and industry's resources have become more concentrated, and head products such as hi, panda needles have become more popular with institutions, beauty-seeking people, etc.
In the first half of the year, the company achieved income of 237 million yuan, an increase of 59.7 per cent, or 3.4 pct to 26.8 per cent, mainly as a result of the introduction of new products in the second half of last year.
Product structure optimization has led to an increase in the Māori rate and a slight decrease in net interest rates during the period under strict control. The company increased the Māori rate by 1.1 to 94.4 per cent in the first half of the year, with Māori for solution products rising by 0.3 to 94.1 per cent, mainly as a result of economies of scale and good price control, and Māori for gel products.
0.3 pct, continuing high R & D inputs. In aggregate, net home-to-home interest rates have dropped slightly by 0.4 pct to the flagship poles, and the industry is expected to recover, with tighter regulation, and higher income growth is expected in the second half of the year.
\triangleright has 7 3 types of management products, including Hives, Panda needles, Daytime Angels, etc., stockings.
On the one hand, the first half of the year was affected by the domestic epidemic, and the demand in the industry was contained.
Conspiracy to develop 2021.06 Epidemic control, demand lags and light-health projects are expected to recover; on the other hand, industry regulation is tightened, Emerica (300896.sz): Introduction
The National Drug Control Service has made it clear that sodium injectable transparent acid solutions are managed in accordance with Category 3 devices and will not be conducive to Korean meat products, enriching medical and aesthetic operations, promoting type I and II urinary acid luminous products and facilitating the sale of corporate soluble products.
The Matrix 2022.08, as a leading producer of injecting products, will take the lead in benefiting from a recovery in dry demand, tightening regulations, and looking forward to an acceleration in income growth in the second half of the year.
Profit predictions and investment ratings: the medical-American industry continues to have a high profile, companies have a high profile, panda needles, needles during the day, etc., and the pipelines are constantly rich and there is much room for growth in the future.
The net annual profit is 1.45 billion yuan/2.94 billion yuan per year, and ps 6.7 yuan per year.
Risk factors: Hiding, daytime sales of needles below expectations; deteriorating demand in the industry; policy regulation, Li Xing, Master of Finance, University of Gangan, five years of research experience in the consumer goods industry, accession to the Sinda Securities in 2020, in the cosmetics & medical beauty industry, part of which has not been, has not been or will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and guidance in making investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and duties. This report is made available only to the specific client mentioned above, and is not made available to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in the present report are only dated from the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
A special notice may not be issued in respect of letters of credit securities for studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.