Performance was disturbed by the epidemic, and profitability remained high.
Wei Hongmei achieved operating income of $431 million and $454 million, respectively, an increase of 66.07 per cent in the same year, and the Division ' s net profits from the second quarter of the year, both in terms of revenue collection and return to the mother, were the highest in a single quarter of history.
The epidemic spreads in the interior, the front-line cities with higher sales revenues are under tighter and long-term control, and demand for products is curtailed. In the wake of the outbreak, companies are emerging as leaders in the domestic medical beauty market, market recognition and market share of core products like Hives.
On August 24, 2022, it rose; at the same time, the “silent day” needles have been rapidly infiltrated between different types of machines in the first and second-line cities of the country, bringing a new increment to the company.
Corporate profitability remained high. In the second quarter of 2022, Māori sales rates and net interest rates for sales were 94.33 per cent and 68.44 per cent, respectively; Māori increased by 0.56 percentage points and the ring declined.
Overall, both the Māori and net interest rates of the company for the single quarter were historically high, and the profitability remained strong. In terms of the cost of the period, in the second quarter of 2022, the sales and management costs of the company decreased, but the R&D costs increased significantly, by 71.42% compared to 71.42%.
22.47%. The company maintained a high R & D investment in the opposite direction, successfully developed products to continuously enrich the product matrix, and the botulinum toxin project completed the iii phase of clinical integration. By the end of the second quarter of 2022, the company was developing products, including polyethylene-based gel microfiche for medical use for the treatment of the backstretch.
The ball is modified with transparent sodium acid gel, a type of botulinum toxin used to remove dynamic wrinkles, a second-generation surface line for soft group woven, a Lilalupe injection fluid for chronic weight management, an injection of transparent acid enzymes used to dissolve transparent acids that can be injected under the skin, etc.
The toxin project has completed the iii phase of clinical integration, the Lilalu seine project has completed the i phase of clinical testing, and the second-generation plant line project has entered the registration phase.
The company’s Medico Products Pipeline is becoming more and more abundant, with a smooth spread of new products, less than expected market acceptance of new products, and a risk of renewal of business qualifications. The rating system’s “market index” reference is 300 indexes.
This report is presented independently and objectively, and to the best of their knowledge, in a professional and diligent manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, and asset management companies. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.