Performance increases brightly, core products continue to be released, beauty care $571 million, +38.88 per cent; operating cash flows 561 million, + + 1 per cent
+28.23%. Of this total, 22q2 received $454 million, or +21.41% of the year; and the q1 was consistently released and rapidly infiltrated during the day. Since 22h1, the epidemic has continued with repeated shocks, treating the American consumption scene and affecting the whole chain.
In contrast, the situation of the q2 epidemic is critical, the outbreak is under control, there are restrictions on the flow of end-care and beauty facilities, and some end-care institutions enter the phase-out period and the impact is transmitted upstream. However, it benefits from: 1) the rapid growth of light medicine and America’s markets, with light treatment of America’s consumption disease and backscaling.
The company, as a head doctor's needle producer, has a market scarcity of core products such as the Hive, White Angels, which are still in rapid import and release stages, and the market penetration rate has risen rapidly. The positive effects have diluted the impact of the epidemic, so that the company's 22H1 crop growth has been weak.
Common. Sub-products: Solvent injection products (Hings, Fumei, etc.) generate 643 million yuan, compared to 35.12%; gel injection products (Standing Day, Bonida, etc.) yield. The growth of corporate fists continues, and new products quickly take over the market for the future.
Profitability is strong, Māori is high. In a context of low penetration and high growth in light medicine and beauty, industry regulation is becoming more stringent, leading companies have a clear advantage in compliance, corporate product layout is forward looking, faster harvests are growing while product power, brand power, and profit levels are rising steadily.
The Māori rate of 22H1 is 94.39 per cent, an increase of 1.14 pcts, of which the Māori rate of 22q2 is a multi-dimensional one with increasing competitiveness. Sales, management, R&D costs of 22q2 companies have decreased and R&D costs have increased. Marketing end: Ken
Disparity marketing models, in-depth participation through online academic training, online marketing, etc.
The combination of product combinations enhances brand influence; and the research and development end: companies are working on product categories - 16/05/2022 Rich and have significant technological advantages, and companies have accumulated 46 patents during the reporting period, of which 46 have been issued.
In the future, with products, research, and development advantages, and the marketing of continuous education for consumers, the Department is expected to further consolidate its own moats and accelerate growth. As a leader of high-quality domestic medical compliance, Emmett continues to benefit from light medicine and beauty.
Lei. With the current high profile of light medicine, high end vulnerability to the epidemic but high consumption elasticity, and a recovery in post-epidemic consumer confidence, the competitiveness of corporate products, increased brand influence and risk of recurring epidemics; risks of changes in industrial policies; increased risks associated with competition in the industry; and non-sale of new products
In addition, any part of the author’s remuneration is not directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
The company is qualified as a securities investment consulting business.