Performance has increased steadily, with new products “silenced” during the day, and the Emerica (300896), rating report, 2022h1, with performance growing steadily. 2022h1, with persistent and repeated outbreaks falling off the line.
The cost scenario has had a severe impact, particularly in the front-line cities with higher sales revenues, which have come under more stringent and long-term control, with downstream medical beauty institutions under greater operational pressure, and 2022q2 having slowed down the q1 ratio. But companies have a full range of differentiated products.
Matrixs, clear product positioning, product mix advantages and depth of movement based on customer demand, meeting market needs, product competitiveness, branding and increasing influence. 2022H1 Solvent IDUs received $643 million, an increase of 35.12 per cent, gel injection products received.
The company’s overall Māori rate rose, with a small increase in costs. The Māori rate was achieved by 2022h1 as a result of higher salaries, R&D salaries, and fees for technical services.
The Department has introduced a system of authorization of medical injection licence plates, combining the training of doctors with the authorization system, and the establishment of efficient and stable channels and a well-developed system of learning platforms, which have provided a pre-emptive advantage for the promotion of new products. This has now resulted in rapid penetration between different types of institutions in the first and second-line cities of the country during the day.
The company signed a framework agreement on marketing cooperation on 20 May 2022 between the company and huonsbiopharma co., ltd.
R & D registers introduce huonsbp ' s botox products and import and distribute products as the only legal distributors designated by China, including Macao and Hong Kong, in the agreed distribution areas, further enhancing the long-term competitiveness of the company ' s product lines.
In addition to this, two products enter the clinical and registration process: the iii phase has been completed with the injection of a type-a venom.
The group completed the i-clinical trial with the Lilalupi injection fluid. Three other pre-clinical projects, aerobics, acrylic injection fluid and a transparent physiotic enzyme, are expected to submit requests for clinical trials in 2022-2023, and Lido Caintin mastster is expected to complete clinical trials in 2022-2023.
On-line and off-line marketing combines continuous branding to reduce the negative impact of the epidemic on companies. The company combines full classes with off-line academic meetings through online learning platforms, based on continuous training of medical beauty doctors and meeting consumer differentiation needs.
There are more than 160 online and offline academic meetings at all levels, which continue to provide more valuable content to different groups, such as industry doctors, agency managers, operators, and consultants. More than 12,000 accredited doctors have been registered in all classrooms.
The National Drug Control Service issued a bulletin on the adaptation of the contents of the Catalogue of Medical Devices, which covers 27 categories.
The catalogue of medical devices has been restructured. In particular, major adjustments have been made to the catalogue of some medical beauty products, and several products, such as the injection of transparent sodium acid solutions, are managed in accordance with the iii medical devices. As the medical beauty industry becomes more regulated, it will guide and regulate the healthy development of the industry.
It will provide more market opportunities for head-to-head enterprises in the industry, for medical beauty services that are now regulated, and for social resources to be brought closer to those involved in the regulatory sector, thereby contributing to the accelerated expansion of the market for regulated products and consolidating the position of the company’s domestic medical champions.
The country’s medical beauty industry has grown rapidly in recent years, benefiting from the growth of disposable income, the maturity of medical technology, the structural changes in the population, and the increasing social acceptance of medical beauty services.
There is a competitive advantage and the future penetration of corporate products is expected to increase rapidly. We maintain risk factors: recurring epidemics, changes in industrial policies, risks of product R & D and registration, market competition.