The second quarter was a little over-expected.
39.70 per cent over the same period in the previous year; net return to the mother was 591 million yuan, 38.90 per cent over the same period in the previous year, and net profit to the mother was 571 million yuan, or 38.88 per cent over the same period in the previous year.
The profits increase brightly. On a quarterly basis, the company collected 430 million yuan (or 64.0 per cent/22.0 per cent) in a single quarter of 2022q1/q2. Of this amount, the multi-epidemiological epidemic, mainly in the east of China, was repeated in the second quarter, and it was evident that medical and American terminals were prevented from reaching the shop, and the company ' s overall performance continued to grow better against this background.
It shows the resilience of its operations. By product, gel injections, represented by new products during the daytime, have increased significantly, with 643 million yuan in the first half of the year for solution/gel injections, while the Māori rate of benefit “scale effect + product high end” has remained high, with a cost-end outbreak.
A reasonable contraction. The Māori ratio of company 2022q1/q2 was 94.5 per cent (94.3 per cent) and the overall Māori ratio of 2022h1 remained stable at a relatively high level, with a fraction of the operating cost of the solution/gels not to increase by 27.9 per cent/down 5.7 per cent over the same period the previous year. We believe that high-end new products are added during the day.
On the cost side, 2022h1 companies sell for the year, or increase the cost-side input to achieve the year-round goal. By daytime, the extension was successful, and the company’s research and development of new products was positively advanced.
The company, with the doctor's license system for injection license plates, will complete the new product.
Training, combined with the development of efficient channels, has enabled rapid and efficient penetration of the new product among different types of institutions in the country’s second-line cities. With the creation of good slogans at the level of doctors, beauty seekers, and the gradual expansion of market influence, the promise of strong stick companies matured during the day.
In terms of research projects, the company, in cooperation with huonsbp in Korea, has recently completed the iii phase of clinical integration of a botulinum toxin, which will be marketed as the only legitimate distributor in China, including Hong Kong and Macao, contributing to the increase in performance.
We keep looking at the firm's long-term high-growth certainty in the American track and the company's revenue as a small company for a year of about 22.15/32.91/4604 million, the mother's net profit margin, and the epidemic's recurrent disturbance of end demand: increased competition for medical products: R & D is not progressing as expected.