The Medical Health Research Centre won, +40 per cent; net profit on return to mother was 591 million yuan, +39 per cent; net profit on deduction from motherhood was 311 million yuan, + 22 per cent; net profit on deduction from motherhood was 305 million yuan, + 23 per cent.
The system's column continues to be released, and looks like it's going up in the second half of the year. Solution type notes like the 2022h1 system column. 1. "Performance growth is higher than expected, core products continue to be released.
A percentage point, contributing more than 73% of the company ' s performance. In addition, there has been a significant increase in corporate gel injection products, 2. " Product matrices are becoming richer, companies are performing at high rates, profitability is increasing significantly, and the first half of the series has achieved a revenue of 237 million yuan (+60%), and the Māori rate.
This compares with an increase of 2.74 percentage points. The corporate performance is expected to continue to improve in the second half of the year as the country has strong epidemic control, the company has matured its existing products, and 3.
Corporate cost structure is optimized and profitability is enhanced with certainty. The overall Māori ratio of 2022h1 companies is 4. "The high growth of the system continues with 94.4% during the day, an increase of 1.14 percentage points over the same period.
High, with a sales cost of 9.7%; and a management cost of 4.3%, a slight increase of 0.19% in the same percentage of the diversified product structure, which is expected to lead to a sustained increase in revenue collection.
At the same time, an agreement was signed with hunosbp in Korea to introduce botulinum products in the form of R & D registrations, and the company’s parallel breakdowns are expected to be more competitive. In addition to injecting products, the company started to develop second-generation facial implants.
There is uncertainty about the development of the epidemic: product R & D is not as fast as expected: increased competition in the market for bouriate products risks a decline in net interest rates: market diffusion is not as high as expected.