At the same time, the company issued a notice of impairment of its assets against the new energy sources of the company's controlling subsidiary.
Installations and related assets will be reduced by 1.328 billion yuan, reducing fixed assets that showed signs of impairment in the company ' s 2023 net profit of 10.64 and construction-stabilizing light-carbon installations and ancillary facilities.
\triangleright ' s retail gas sales in 2023 decreased by 3.1 per cent from the same year, of which the company adjusted its marketing strategy for power plants in the second half of 2023 and retail gas volumes increased at an equal rate, of which 2023q4
In 2023, the company changed its previous direct sales business to platform trading business, reflecting the company’s desire to rely on the gas platform for a change in business model to accommodate market and customer needs.
In 2023, the company achieved the platform ' s trading volume (41%), mainly in the provinces of Zhejiang (55%), Guangdong (15%), Fujian (13%), and international trading volume of 1,937 million, a 4.4% decrease in the same rate, downstream customers.
Mainly oil and gas companies (58 per cent) and energy traders (16 per cent), with a regional distribution of 1.379 billion direct sales in 202304, an increase of 83.1 per cent over the same period, contributing core profits
In 2024, the company's performance was expected to be sustained.
In terms of upstream gas source costs, oil pipeline gas prices were flat in the middle of the 2024-2025 contract year, with a small drop in the season and a sharp drop in domestic market gas sources and foreign spot prices for ng (the average CIF for our imports of ng was $9.27/million in January-March 2024, same as the average C.I.
In terms of downstream sales prices, more cities in part of the country since 2022 are expected to launch a gas-consumption mechanism to channel the company’s historical increase in the cost of gas purchases.
In terms of the volume of gas sold, domestic gas consumption is expected to increase steadily, driven by a fall in upstream gas prices, economic recovery and a "double carbon" policy, and companies, as one of the five major national combustion companies, were affected by marketing strategies in 2023, which resulted in less gas sales than their counterparts.
As companies adjust their marketing strategies, increase their cost, and increase their price competitiveness, their retail gas volumes are expected to return to growth in 2024. Three-year red-dimension commitments plus special distribution plans, with firm-high dividends of certainty in value, are mentioned.
In 2023, the company intends to find a gold dividend of $9.1 (including taxes) per 10 shares of all shareholders, and a gold dividend of $2.5 (including taxes) as a special interest. According to the Shareholder Red Return Plan for the next three years (2023-2025), the company distributes a cash dividend each year for the next three years.
By the year 2023, the company had signed nine overseas lang suppliers, with a total contract volume of 10.16 million tonnes/year, with a total of 7.4 million tonnes/year for five hh-linked contracts with the United States ng supplier. To date, the New Olympics shares have been in operation.
At the same time, the company is expanding its canoe lang pick-up station to match the volume of future major increases. The canoe is currently handling 7.5 million tonnes/year, and the capacity is expected to rise to 10 million tonnes/year in 2025.
Profit forecasts and ratings: The New Olympic shares have a full-chain advantage in natural gas, which helps to protect against fluctuations in gas prices and sustains a steady and robust growth in profits.
The cost of the upstream pool for the gas business is optimized, downstream prices continue to increase, 24 years of gross city fuel spread is expected to be further repaired, retail gas volume is expected to return to growth, and the profitability of the company fuel business is boosted. My risk factors are: a severe downside in the domestic economy, and gas consumption is increasing at a slower rate than expected; and receiving stations are expected.
\triangleright project construction progressed less than expected; domestic gas prices were lower than expected; combined energy sales were less than expected
Member of the Committee of Experts of China's International Engineering Consulting Corporation, member of the China Price Association's Executive Committee on Coal Prices, former Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Service of China's Coal Industry Association, and for over 10 years of research and advisory work in coal and energy-related fields, chaired the 13th and 5th national coal survey and development planning study, revision of coal industry technology policy and enterprise-related advice, and added in June 2016
Li Chunzi, cfa, cpa, Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, Master of Finance, Nanjing University, Bachelor of Science in Finance, formerly Coal Institute of Economics and Finance, formerly Doctor of Mining, Senior Engineer, Chinese University of Mining (Beijing) and formerly a second-tier business venturer of the Coal Industries Group of China
Minister, who has worked for many years in coal production, technical management of coal production, investment in coal mining projects, management of operations, etc., joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022 for research in the coal industry. Qin Ho, Master of Electricity Systems, University of Texas, Austin, United States, Bachelor of Arts in Electrical Engineering and its Automation, University of Tianjin
Three years of experience in industrial research, electricity market transformation, virtual power plant applied research, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022 for electricity industry research, and Xinjiang, Master of Finance, National University of Australia, and Master of Finance, Southwest University of Finance and Economics. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022.
Wu Bo-jin, Master of Industrial Economics, Jilin University, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022, in the coal and coal industry Hu Xiao Yi, Master of Economics, University of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, and Bachelor of Financial Sciences, Southwest University.
Liu Xuan, Master of Arts, University of Hong Kong, Bachelor of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022, Master of Accounting, Lee Wei, cpa, Esen University of Economics and Management, Germany, September 2022, and joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in the coal industry
Tang Xiaoyu, Master of Social Sciences, Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, and Bachelor of Financial Sciences, University of Foreign Economics and Trade.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.