The 19-year performance of the  (002463), with a significant improvement in profitability, was attributed to the mother's net profit of $1.21 billion, an increase of 111.4 per cent over the previous year.
\triangleright disclosed in its 19-year performance forecast that the return net profit ranged from $1.15 billion to $1.25 billion, a year-on-year increase.
Billion dollars, 29 per cent increase in the same year, 12.17 per cent increase in the ring; q4 net profit to the mother of $355 million, 89 per cent increase in the same year; q4 net interest rate of 16.7 per cent increase by 5 pct increase in the same year. Companies need to take asset write-offs into account in 19 years.
There are plenty of orders; business continues to improve and the Māori rate rises by 6.08 pct over the same year; and scale effects continue to show, production is well under way and work is well under way.
Full resumption of production (which did not cease during the spring season). A subsidiary, Yellow Shizuku, did not stop production during the e-spring, suspended production on 12 February, and resumed work gradually on 17 February. 5g capital, full business communications orders, enhanced profitability of high-end products
The \triangleright 5g product has been produced in volume, and the collection ratio continues to increase, benefiting from 5g capital trends, high-speed servers, and network equipment upgrades. It is expected that the 5g-scale capital will drive up the high-speed plate volume, the green mill and the yellow stone.
One plant will effectively boost its high-end pcb production capacity, and the city’s share is expected to increase further. The current high Māori ratio of 14-38 floors of corporate communication boards and office industry panels accounts for a high proportion of revenue, with faster income growth and an effective incentive to increase overall profitability.
Automotive board benefits adas trend, product structure continues to optimize, Yellowstone has successfully moved into production, benefits adas and new energy car policies, companies continue to increase their high Māori rates of mid- and high-end car board inputs and s010518100001
Importing orders, continuously improving product structure and production efficiency, and improving the profitability of the automobile board. In September 1919, a partial test of the Yellowstone II plant began, and the 19q4 Yellowstone car board line was successfully put into operation.
1. E-Commerce (002463), public comment: 19-year performance forecast meets expectations, 5g Reference sw printing circuit board industry pe is valued at 48 times, maintaining a corporate “recommended” rating.
2. Power shares (002463), public 1 production capacity is not as high as expected; 2 - The high level of motor panel competition has led to a significant decline in the Māori rate; 3 - 5g Progress Division Review: Three Quarterly Report meets expectations and performance continues to be high
Wang Fang, Chief of the Electronics Industry, formerly employed in the Eastern Securities Company Ltd., First Market Private Equity and Investment Ltd., obtained a Bachelor of Science from the Chinese University of Science and Technology, and a Master of Arts from the Shanghai Institute of Advanced Financial Sciences from Shanghai Transport University.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,