Super-expected performance is high, with orders in 2020 elasticizing performance against Yellowstone (002463) event rating.
In the fourth quarter of 2019, the company experienced a significant slowdown in revenue growth, with profits falling significantly in the same year-on-year rate. In 2019, it achieved operating income of $71.28, an increase of 29.68 per cent, and in 2019, a net profit of $1,206 million, an increase of 111.41 per cent, attributable to the parent company.
In the third quarter, there was a marked decline in income, Māori, and parent net profits on a year-on-year basis, and we believe that it is mainly the companies that are constrained by high-end production capacity and continue to be hampered by improvements in the product structure, while the yellowstone business is operating below expectations.
High-speed switch product, 5g wireless network product, which has been on the ground since the third quarter The company's performance continued to grow rapidly in 2019, relying mainly on the digital communications business board in the communication plate, and the optimal product structure.
The share is still relatively low. The company’s operating performance at Yellowstone I in the fourth quarter was lower than expected, and the company’s performance in 2020 was also dominated by its capacity utilization rate for Yellowstone plants (which became operational in the second quarter of the year), good product rates and new capacity investment in the 5g and new energy automobile industries, which achieved comparative advantages, performance elasticity and space availability.
On the 15th floor of the Central China Sea International Center, 28th Peace Lisi Street, West Side, Beijing.
Fukuwa, Fukuda District, is a tax-free dealer on the 6th of China's Sichuan Free Trade Experiment.
China Sea International Centre 17, using legally compliant information, produces this report independently and objectively.
The company is not a customer for whom it receives this report, it is not a customer for whom it has no direct business relationship with it, and it does not have proper responsibility for reading it. It is a confidential material of the company, such as the receipt of this report by a non-corporate client, which should be returned and deleted in a timely manner and kept confidential until it has publicly disclosed or agreed to do so.
This report is based on what the company considers reliable and publicly available information, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of that information. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which can be changed without notice. At different times, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report.
The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date. The company has no obligation to update all recipients of this report with regard to its analytical comments or trade views issued by other professionals (including, but not limited to, salesmen, traders) based on different assumptions, research methods, instant dynamic information and market performance that are inconsistent with this report. The company may modify the information contained in this report without notice.
This view, the recommendation, does not take into account the specific purpose of the investment, the financial situation and the specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute a recommendation for private investment in the client.
The company’s previous studies predict and analyse accurately, and do not prejudge the performance of this report and future studies of the company. For all the consequences of the use or use of this report and other relevant studies of the company, my Lord.