5g+ Automotive Growing Company. 2019 annual report.
The company issued its annual report for 2019: 7.130 million yuan, an increase of 29.7 per cent for the same year, a net profit of 1.21 billion yuan for the mother, an increase of 111.4 per cent for the same year, a net profit of 1.150 billion yuan for the non-retroactive mother, an increase of 122 per cent for the same year; net cash flows from operating activities of 1.06 billion yuan, an increase of 41 per cent for the same year; and basic eps of 0.72 dollars, a decrease of 110 per cent for the same year.
Performance meets expectations and profitability continues to improve \triangleright 1, 19 year-round financial indicators are of high quality:
In 2019, the Māori rate was 29.5 per cent compared to +6.1 pct, which benefited from improved production efficiency +5g/data centre product structure; and reduced cost of management), with R&D investment of $316 million, a 30 per cent increase from the same year, with emphasis on 5g, idc, motor electronics; fixed assets of approximately 2.6 billion yuan, an increase of 7.6 per cent from the same year, mainly 3 million square metres per year produced by Yellowstone.
In 19 years, companies accounted for about 2 or 4 single-quarter real business loop losses, which were still rising: 2,120 million yuan in 19q4 seasons, +28.5 per cent, ring + 12.2 per cent; 19q4 net profit of 355 million yuan, the same amount.
Compared to 89.5 per cent, ring ratio - 4.8 per cent, Māori rate of 19q4, 28.7 per cent, +3.9 pct, net interest rate of 19q4, 16.8 per cent, and RMB 4.54 million), the actual q4 profit is better than q3 if cost implications are not taken into account. 3 and 5g operations accounted for 19 years of performance gains over quarterly increases:
The Māori rate is 31.5 per cent compared to +6.8 pt, benefiting mainly from the quarterly rise in value-added 5g base station order products and the advantages of size, as well as the continued growth in the demand for high-speed servers, data storage, switches, etc. in the data centre, which also includes Gon 2.) Carboard collection is 1.33 billion yuan, compared to +3.6 per cent, and the collection ratio is 18.6 per cent and the Māori rate is 25.7 per cent compared to 4.7 pt.
In the context of declining sales in the automobile industry, the motor panels have grown against the market, benefiting mainly from adas growth, product structural optimization, automation and the introduction of smart production technologies, with a steady increase in the Māori ratio.
3) As a result of the weak demand in the industry, the office and industrial equipment floors received $420 million, corresponding to 18.7 per cent, and the percentage of revenue received was rated as positive: 19 years of performance met expectations, profitability 4), according to the Molecular Company, the Quill electric camp received $1.61 billion, corresponding to 2 per cent, and the net profit was $230 million, corresponding to 6.4 per cent.
The Māori rate has increased slightly over the same period, benefiting from the re-engineering of production lines and the introduction of new technologies to enhance productive capacity; the whole business of Yellowstone has changed considerably. 2. The public share of the electric power (002463), which generates 840 million yuan, or + 30 per cent of the total, has made a net profit of 102 million yuan (compared to 1.67 million yuan in the same period last year).
Division point assessment: 19-year performance forecast meets expectations, 5g construction and testing completed in 19 with the establishment of the company ' s current most automated and intelligent production line, 4 Automobile Electronics Board, high demand for data centre plus 5g products, optimized auto electronics, and an expected increase in the market share of high-end products:
1) Data centres such as high-speed servers, switches, etc. have a high-volume view and continuously upgrade their structure and efficiency. The performance rate continues to be optimized, with an overall positive rate of 93.6% in 19 years, with a steady moderate increase. The server platform is upgraded from Purley to whitley, with a consequent increase in pcb performance requirements. The company now has 400g switchboards, hpc, and so on.
Switches are being developed with clients and will benefit from a recovery in capital spending at the data centre. (2) Deep benefit of 5g infrastructure acceleration. On 24 March, the Ministry of Information and Communications issued a circular on the promotion of 5g accelerated development, proposing to speed up the 5g network development and to speed up the implementation of the 700mhz frequency 5g licence, which will be issued in due course.
Planning for the use of 5-millimeter wave band frequency. The techniques and expansion of the Quai and Yellowstone plants have effectively upgraded the production capacity of high-end products such as 5g, and the Yellowstone plant has become the main production base for products related to the company’s 5g base station.
In collaboration, pcbs are currently being developed for power controllers (bcm), 48v start controllers (bsg), auto-driving (adas) master controllers, some of which are already produced.
The company is a leading supplier of communications and automobiles pcb in the country and has long benefited from the trend of 5g capital and car digitization. Wang Fang, Chief of the Electronics Industry, is expected to have served in the Eastern Securities Company Ltd. and the First Market Private Equity Investment Company Ltd., and has obtained a Bachelor of Science from the Chinese University of Science and Technology and a Master of Science from the Shanghai Institute of Advanced Financial Sciences from Shanghai University of Transport.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and free from any third party ' s approval or influence.