Center for Research on Innovation Technology and Business Services (CITE) Automotive plate growth, 5g/data centre demand still available.
+29.7% net profit attributable to the mother, 1.206 billion yuan, or 111.4% of the year, excluding net profit not attributable to the mother, which is 3.0pct. The company ' s performance has grown over the year, its profitability has increased significantly, and its performance has met expectations.
Communication board q4 under pressure, vehicle board reverse over-expected growth: corporate profitability has increased significantly throughout the year, with Māori in medium-communications having increased by 6.83 ptt throughout the year.
High-value-added panels such as car radar pcb have increased, and in the face of a weak global car market, automobile boards have grown in reverse, with revenue + 3.61 per cent, Māori + 1.68 pct, which has achieved over-expected growth.
The average unit price is expected to increase further with the restructuring of high-end communication boards (5g and switchboard-related panels, etc.), and is now fully reworked and ordered at the Green Shirts factory, which will gradually release its performance as the 5g, cloud computing equipment needs are put in place; and microelectric power is now fully reworked and in 2019 it was in the vehicle market.
The negative growth in motor panels and profits in the face of declining demand indicates a significant increase in the proportion of high-end products such as car radar pcb. While the current epidemic has left vehicle demand under pressure, profits will be secured by restructuring the company ' s products; the Yellowstone plant is more affected by the epidemic, no.
After the outbreak is under control, Yellowstone production is expected to recover at an accelerated rate.
Liu Yeon Shen luyanxue@gjzq.com.cn demand and pcb prices were not as expected; the company share was not as high as expected; and the Yellowstone plant was not restored as expected ...
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment