Innovative Technology and Business Services Research Centre (CITE) The company published its 2019 performance report, which shows that in 2019 it achieved a revenue of $7.13 billion, an increase of 29.7 per cent, and a net profit of $1.21 billion to the mother, an increase of 111.4 per cent, combined with the previous three quarters.
In terms of performance, q4 achieved a net profit of 2,120 million yuan and 350 million yuan in the first quarter of the year, with an increase of 28.5 per cent and 89.5 per cent in the same year, a decline of 12.2 per cent and 4.8 per cent in the ring, respectively, and a decrease of 16.5 per cent in profitability, a decline of 3.2 per cent in the ring by 5.1 per cent in the same quarter.
High growth, increased profitability and performance in line with expectations.q4 demand vacuums, with company performance largely stable: 4g re-building of communications plate in 2019, 5g 2. 5g upscaling, high server relay growth -
There are multiple benefits, such as initial laying and foreign exchange upgrades, and the company, as a front-runner in the communications pcb area, has achieved a high performance in multiple applications such as the full-scale layout operator network, the data centre, etc. Although the q4 increase is slightly lower, given the bid period at the end of the year and the close to the end of the 4g replenishment, because
In this context, we believe that it is difficult and desirable for companies to maintain a stable performance during the demand vacuum season. Next year’s overall warming of the environment, 5g+idc will remain in the main direction: according to Prismark, the warming trend in 2020 has been set.
With the advance of the operator’s construction plan, 400g cloud equipment about to explode after the delivery of the Botuntomahawk4 chip, pcb in the 5g and idc fields is expected to remain high-growth next year. The plant continues to be high-end, waiting for yellow stones and improved profits: the product structure of the plant is high-end communication panels.
The average unit price is expected to increase further in whole (5g and switchboard-related use boards, etc.), and now the plant has been gradually re-established, and its performance will be released as the demand for 5g, cloud computing equipment is released; the plant is highly affected by the epidemic, but with the outbreak under control, it is expected that the plant will recover at an accelerated rate.
In addition, in 2019, RVC was under pressure from the city’s demand, but in a situation where car consumption is expected to be weak, the motorboard business is expected to make a significant contribution this year.
The demand is not as high as expected: the price of 5 g and pcc of idc is not as high as expected: the market share of the company is not as high as expected.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment