China border construction (60180.sh) Transport infrastructure leader, international engineering and operations recovery architectural decorations — infrastructure
China is the world’s largest port, road and bridge design and construction company, and the world’s largest dredging project, with a contract of 1.7 trillion yuan and a concession income of 78 billion yuan.
Industry: Capital investment continues and large transport space is still in progress. 1) Reopening the construction project with a total investment of $18.5 trillion, an increase of 14.2 per cent over the previous year.
High-level shipping lanes of approximately 460/25,000 km; 3) increased concentration in the industry, and the recovery of overseas engineering was possible: 36.6 trillion yuan (+6.4 per cent) in 2022 for new contracts for construction enterprises and 15.0 trillion yuan (+14.6 per cent) for new contracts for eight major construction companies, coinciding with the tenth anniversary of the "one-way" and the third "one-way" period.
The Hong Kong dredging market is about $200 billion a year on average, and Hong Kong shipping works in equipment-intensive industries and competition walls.
The company's branding in the traditional capital sector has continued to consolidate, with a 27.6% increase in the number of new contracts for the construction of the company's cities in the year of road bridges/port dredges, an increase in the number of new contracts, an increase in the number of new contracts for the construction of cities, a “a step-by-step” in the number of international works, and an opportunity for international engineering to recover.
The impact of friction, U.S. Department of Commerce sanctions, the new crown epidemic, among other things, has made it difficult for companies to carry on business and process performance, with the ratio of new overseas signatures falling to 13.7 per cent in 2022, with companies operating in over 130 countries and territories, ranking for 15 consecutive years as the largest international contractor in the world, enr.
China’s top business is the “outward” leader of China’s construction industry. With the global epidemic and its optimal management, a new “one-way” summit is taking place, China’s hand-in-hand is expected to benefit first from the concentration of major orders outside the sea, and overseas operations are expected to warm up.
Operating and actively engaged in overseas M&As, by the end of 2020 there were approximately 95.9 million resident employees abroad, of whom foreign workers accounted for about 70 per cent, acquired Australian engineering companies Johnholland and Brazilian engineering companies concremat, and successfully infiltrated local markets through overseas affiliates.
In the first half of 2022, the company accumulated 677.2 billion yuan in investment-type contracts.
Integrated urban development projects amounting to $50.56 billion, and bot projects amounting to $513 billion. Previously, due to control of the epidemic, there was a significant reduction in the flow of motorway vehicles licensed under the flag, with company concessions for 2019-2021.
As a result of dynamic investment-type operations, the company’s business cycle has increased significantly, resulting in a corresponding increase in its share of long-term debt financing, which is still guaranteed overall liquidity as of 2022. At the same time, the company is actively engaged in a variety of ways to replenish equity capital, assets, etc.
The debt ratio has continued to fall, pushing for infrastructure reits to be released, and opening up financial access. Under the flag, the design plate is to be restructured and marketed, and further professionalization of assets under the corporate flag can be expected. The investment proposal is that the company, as the backbone of the transport infrastructure, is highly competitive in major engineering.
At the same time, the company has been active in setting up a business-wide chain, and the momentum for recovery has been strong in the wake of the crisis of investing in business-type operations. China’s construction is expected to be the largest port, road, and bridge in the world.
Designing and building companies, the largest dredging company in the world. In 2022, the company ranked fourth in the list of “250 global contractors” (with international and domestic turnover) and third in the list of “250 international contractors” (with international turnover) and first in the list of companies in China.
In 2005, China was built by the former China Harbour Bay Construction Corporation and the former China Road Bridge Corporation to establish a new merger, while China Road Bridge and China Harbour still serve as “two wings” for overseas operations in China, with a steady increase in revenue and continued pressure on performance. In 2018-2021, the combined growth rate of corporate revenue was 11.8 per cent, of which 11.8 per cent was recorded.
In the first three quarters of 2022, the company realized business income as a result of rising pressure on interest spending as a result of the company ' s dynamic investment portfolio, and in the first three quarters of 2022 it returned to its mother ' s net profit of $15.82 billion, an increase of 5.7 per cent.
The focus on capital construction and design operations has continued to grow. The capital construction/drawing/design business is the three main core business lines of the company, with a combined growth rate of 80% in 2018-2021 and a higher and faster growth rate of 5.8% and 10.0% of the design business.
Figure 7: Revenue structure of China ' s turn-in operations in 2021 (in %) Figure 8: Māori structure of China ' s turn-in operations in 2021 (in %) The size of new contracts increased rapidly, with urban construction orders exceeding 40%.
Thus, 35 per cent of new contracts were signed in the traditional areas of corporate dominance (bridges, ports, dredging), 44 per cent in urban construction and 13.5 per cent in overseas engineering.
Road Bridges: Market space is huge, city occupancy is rising steadily, investment in the construction of bridges is slowing down and annual investments are maintained at a high level. As the national road network is improving, the volume of investment in the construction of roads and bridges is growing slowly, and, according to the National Statistical Office, the road transport industry is investing in fixed assets.
Over the last three years, the composite growth rate has been only 1.4%, but in terms of total, the investment in road construction has been huge, and it has been sustained at a high level in recent years, with nearly 5 trillion yuan in road investment completed in 2022, accounting for nearly 30% of the investment in narrow infrastructure. China’s cross-border construction is a major force in building roads and bridges, with a steady increase in the city’s share.
One of the contractors in the construction of bridges has a clear advantage in the construction of highways, high-level highways, and bridges across the river and the sea, with companies designing and building highways of 12,000 km, representing three-quarters of the total mileage of the country's highways and one-third of the total mileage of the global highways.
In 2022, the company ' s newly signed contract for road bridges amounted to $357.79 billion, an increase of 15.1 per cent over the same period, assuming that the revenue from the bridge operations was equal to the previous year ' s share of the new contract, and measured a marked increase in the company ' s municipal share of road and bridge operations under the calibre of the Bureau of Statistics and the Ministry of Transport, reflecting the company ' s road bridges in the context of the overall slowdown in the industry ' s growth rate.
Port dredging: dominant in the high barrier market, powered offshore wind and power engineering, the port dredging market has entered the stock age, but investment has been rising for the last four years.
Port-related operations, including port engineering, dredging, blow-filling land construction, etc., have resulted in an increase of 16.5% compared to the 1988 million yuan invested in fixed assets in the water transport industry in 2022, according to the Bureau of Statistics, although China is the leading supplier of equipment and dominates the coastal port shipping market.
China has the largest dredging ship fleet in Asia, the largest dredging and dredging ship in the world, and is in absolute control in the area of dredging in coastal ports. In 2022, China signed a new tender of 76.7 billion yuan in port construction, an increase of 59.3 per cent.
For dredging, a new contract of $10.67 billion was signed, an increase of 22.2 per cent over the same period, and port dredging operations, a compound growth rate of 31.2 per cent between 2019 and 2022, which was significantly higher than the growth rate in the industry, with approximately 35 per cent measured by the Ministry of Transport.
In September 2022, the company joined forces with the three isthmus of energy, Grand Tang power generation, China Investment, Vision Energy to establish China Peak Wind Development Co. Ltd., and the company’s naval operations were based on its capacity to build marine engineering.
In combination with the resource advantages of multiple energy investment groups, the equipment manufacturing capacity of the Zhenhua Heavy Worker of the Ito Brothers Company is expected to take the lead in taking over the Blue Sea market in the field of far-reaching sea wind power installation and offshore wind power operation, contributing to new growth points.
Figure 20: China Sea Peak Wind 2,500 tons of self-propelled wind power installation platform Urban construction: marching to “large cities” with significant business expansion Market space for urban construction and steady growth in capital investment in cities. With China’s urbanization rate in 2022
The overall pace of urbanization construction slowed across 65% of the gates, but structural contradictions in urban infrastructure persisted, with large building spaces for hospitals, schools, etc.
trillion yuan, an increase of 10.1% over the same year, reflecting a large market space for urban construction and a steady increase in the scale of investment. Urban construction orders continued to rise, with the “big city” business becoming an important growth point. Corporate cities built $679 billion in 2022, an increase of 27.6% over the same period, and urban construction accounted for the share of new contracts.
During the year, companies signed new contracts for integrated urban development of $359.99 billion, representing an increase of 26.7 per cent, representing a rapid increase in the amount of contracts for urban construction, figure 23: new contracts for the construction of corporate cities (in billions of yuan, per cent) figure 24: structure of new contracts for urban construction operations in the first half of 2022 (in %)
International engineering: “One way forward” goes further, the international engineering epidemic has dissipated, the international situation has improved, international engineering has been stagnant for three years is recovering, the epidemic is under pressure to contract out works, and the international engineering environment has been critical.
The amount of new contracts for engineering was $253.1 billion, or -2.1 per cent, and the amount of business completed was $155 billion, the same as in the previous year. Over the past three years, the overall international engineering environment, influenced by geopolitical fluctuations and a new global crowning epidemic, has been critical, and outsourcing has been difficult, with new contracts and contracts contracted out for three years 2020-2022.
The “one-way” national epidemic has eased, and the economy has gradually recovered. Most of the “one-way” national immunization policy has been significantly relaxed, with domestic production largely recovering to pre-epidemiological levels and opening up border restrictions in many countries.
Development of infrastructure remains an important part of the steady economic growth of many countries. According to the China Chamber of Outsourcing Engineering, the “one-way” national infrastructure development index rebounded slightly in 2022, although uncertainties such as geopolitical conflicts remain, steady capital growth has become a consensus in most countries.
In April of 2022, the UNDP Opinion on Promoting Together Green Development was launched, and by 2025 it will be green by 2025.
Practical cooperation in the areas of infrastructure, green energy, green transport, and green finance has advanced solidly, including direct foreign investment in new energy industries, and the design of clean energy projects such as hydropower, nuclear power, and wind power. With the tenth anniversary of the “one-way” summit in 2023 and the third “one-way” summit, offshore engineering is expected to accelerate.
The “one-way” national infrastructure development index, the old international engineering leader, is expected to lead the recovery effort, China faces a bottleneck in overseas business growth, and the share of overseas business continues to decline. It benefits from the “one-way” initiative.
At the conference, the growth of corporate overseas operations peaked in 2016-2017, with the impact of trade friction, United States Department of Commerce sanctions, the new crown epidemic, among other things, and greater difficulties in carrying on business and engineering performance, with new overseas contracts of $20.86 billion in 2022 and a 13.7 per cent decline in overseas subscriptions.
China’s overseas branding is strong, and overseas operations are expected to be the first to warm back. The company’s predecessor is China’s first foreign aid builder, with two major overseas brands, China Road Bridge (crbc) and China Harbour Bay (chec), where the company is based.
More than 130 countries and territories are operating, leading the world’s largest international contractor in enr for 15 consecutive years, and leading the Chinese construction enterprise’s “outwards.” As global epidemic control is optimized, a new “one-way” summit is taking place, and China’s hand-in-hand is expected to take the lead in benefiting from major orders from overseas.
The construction industry is globally highly home-grown, so global investment in infrastructure and deep localization are international engineering operations carried out by international contractors.
By the end of 2020, there were some 95.9 million resident workers in China, of whom foreign workers accounted for about 70%. Companies actively engaged in overseas M&As, acquiring the Australian engineering companies Johnholland and the Brazilian engineering company Concremat, and infiltrated the area through overseas subsidiaries.
The market, the first medium-sized company to host a large-scale transport infrastructure ppp project in Australia, successfully took over large-scale infrastructure projects in the port, energy and energy sectors in South America.
Figure 35: Johnholland is involved in light-track construction operations in Canberra
China's investment portfolio is active, and investment plays a positive role in breaking down contracts for engineering. The company's investment portfolio accounts for the highest share of construction companies. As of the first half of 2022, the company had cumulatively entered into investment project contracts amounting to 1.7 trillion yuan, of which 677.2 billion yuan was paid by the government, 506.5 billion yuan was spent on integrated urban development projects, and bot
The total amount of investment recognized in the Division ' s investment-type projects is $833 billion, cumulatively $88.4 billion to leverage construction, cumulatively over $500 billion in concession-type contracts, and ongoing infrastructure investment projects. Companies insist on a strategy of transition from a single engineering contractor to a full-time infrastructure service provider to a sustained expansion of infrastructure operations.
As of the first half of 2022, corporate bot-type projects had cumulatively contracted investment estimates of 513 billion yuan and cumulatively completed investment of 22.8 billion yuan; investment in concession-type investments has slowed since 2020, and investments in integrated urban development have continued to grow in scale.
2022h1, the company ' s investment class generated approximately $23.4 billion in concession assets and long-term receivables of $1892 (primarily government-paid project receivables). Since 2020, corporate investment has shifted to government-paid and city-integrated development projects, slowing down the bott project (mainly highway concession projects).
Investment intensity, corresponding increase in franchise assets close to zero, and a sustained increase in long-term receivables assets (2021 accounting standard adjustments, reclassification of some long-term receivables to other non-current assets).
Control of the epidemic was optimized, and operations were on track. Previously, traffic had been significantly reduced as a result of the epidemic, with companies operating under a concession losing $26.1-43.6-17.4 billion in 2019-2021, and the policy of free tolls on high-speed public roads during the epidemic directly resulted in a loss of $1.4 billion in 2020. As the epidemic was optimized, the company was very high.
The rapid road flow is expected to return to a steady growth path, operating revenues are rising, franchise operations are expected, company highway projects are maturing and profits are expected to stabilize. By the first half of 2022, the Department had a cumulative total of 55 concession projects (including 22 equity projects) in operation, with an average charge year.
For 28.69 years, the average fee is 4.55 years. We believe that the 30-year-old highway is about five years old and that the project will continue to contribute to a stable profit and cash flow.
In April 2022, the company started a bot project that was marketed as reits. The project was officially opened in 2016, fully functional by the end of 2018, with an average of 2019.
Toll revenue reached $1.3 million and toll revenue for the entire year in 2019 was approximately $453 million. The disease affected the country in 2020, with high-speed traffic growing slowly, with traffic rising at 4.8 to 6.3 per cent in 2020/2011. High-speed costs are relatively fixed, with a Māori rate of around 60 per cent.
It's relatively simple, operating costs are amortized mainly by intangibles (concessional assets) and primarily by borrowing interest costs, both of which are relatively rigid and fixed, so highway profits are mainly based on income.
There are significant losses on the full-line project, resulting in a steady operating cash flow. There were higher amortizations and profits in the pre-project period, at a loss of $330 million, $80 million and $170 million, respectively, but the full-line traffic was significant in 2019.
The increase, which has resulted in a significant reduction of $250 million, will make it possible to reverse the project’s losses as the epidemic improves. Moreover, the impairment of assets is not a real cash expense, and a steady growth of operating cash flows can be sustained when highways operate, complementing construction operations with poor cash flows.
Figure 46: Changes in high-speed revenue and net profits (in billions of yuan)
According to the Enr list of 2022 engineering contractors, Happily ranked second on the international list of $27.4 billion, and eighth on the total of $59.1 billion.
Figure 48: Enr International Contractor Top 11 Overseas Collection (in millions of United States dollars) All Happiness: Concessioned operations received a net profit of 63 per cent from 15 per cent. In 2022, Happy Concessions realized operating income of Euro9160 million, net profits of Euro2.71 billion and net interest rates of Euro29.6 per cent.
A 15% revenue ratio contributed 63% of the net profit. The Happiness franchises consisted mainly of highways and airports, with Euro60 billion in 2022 and Euro2.68 billion in airports. Happily, ownership of road operators asf started in 2022 and was completed in 2006 with 100%.
As the size of the concession business continues to grow, the licensed assets are gradually maturing at a special year’s profit level.
Investments have increased and interest-bearing liabilities have expanded rapidly. As companies invest in dynamic infrastructure operations, total asset turnover has continued to decline in the past, mainly due to non-current asset drags. Total asset turnover has been significantly lower than in other buildings, and there has been a continuing downward trend, with total asset turnover from 2017 to 2021 from 0.58 to 0.58 per cent.
The 56.5 days of the year fell to 51.0 in the first three quarters of 2022, reflecting the company’s increased ability to pay back in traditional engineering business areas. The pace of liquidity of non-current assets continued to slow, mainly as a result of longer repayment cycles, such as corporate infrastructure investments, and expanded operations.
Debt structures are adjusted in due course and liquidity remains secure. As a result of the rising ratio of long-term capital stock in dynamic investment-type operations, companies have accordingly increased their share of long-term debt financing. By the end of the third quarter of 2022, operations in the company-owned business-type had provided stable financial support and the long-term capitalization of operations had declined, but remained constant.
(b) Operating capital = operating assets — operating liabilities;
Long-term capitalization rate = long-term capital surplus/operating capital. Figure 60: Long-term capitalization rate (in billions of yuan, per cent)
In 2022, the National Finance Committee asked for an overall asset-liability rate to be kept within 65%, and for the construction industry’s characteristics and historical circumstances to reduce the asset-liability rate to below 75%. China’s hand-in-hand debt ratio was reduced to below 75%.
The historical asset-liability ratio is high, reaching a peak of 79.6% in 2013, and successfully reduced to 71.9% by 2021, and the demand for future asset-liability ratios to remain further depressed as the main subsidiary of the China-China group. Actively promote the release of infrastructure reits, and access the funds.
As of the first half of 2022, the company had 22 freeway assets, of which 14 were held, with a total investment of 127.5 billion.
In the first half of 2022, the company will earn $2.09 billion in operating revenue.
Multi-channel equity capital supplements effectively reducing the debt burden. Since 2018, companies have accumulated $45 billion in long-term debt-resustained equity funds totalling $65.3 billion through equity instruments, which have significantly reduced asset-debt ratios and effectively reduced debt-servicing pressures. In 2023, companies are proposing to issue 30 billion yuan in priority shares, with the equity of housing-related enterprises melting.
Unlocking capital, with the need and incentive for companies to further scale up equity financing through multiple channels, providing financial support for infrastructure investment, international engineering development, and international M & As.
Strategy, with the goal of moving from a single “builder” to an overall “contractor”, “investor”, “developmenter”, “integrator” and creatively proposing a “work”-to-business” concept. Over the next 10 years, companies have focused on “big traffic” and “big cities” and actively promoted the extension of the entire industry chain, insisting that it be implemented by engineering.
The transformation of integrated investment service providers has become an innovative case for the reform of the built-up business model. Figure 64: China's “123456” development strategy accelerates the process of professionalization, and China's design is to be re-listed.
The Board, the Shanghai Bureau of Navigation and the Guangzhou Bureau of Navigation established a professional sub-group of dredging as the world’s largest dredging engineering company. In March 2023, China established the Central Design Institute under the flag to be dismantled and re-listed by the National Finance Committee, and after the reorganization was completed, the Chinese design will become the engineering consulting firm with the largest market value of a share.
Here, the company’s assets can be expected to be further professionalized, with intensive development. Profit forecasts: net profit gains projected for the next three years will be capital-building: the company has strong competitiveness in the area of navigational engineering at the Bridge.
By investing in a comprehensive urban development project to boost the growth of income from urban construction, the company operates a highway dredging operation: China has the largest dredging ship team in Asia and is in absolute control in the area of dredging in coastal ports. The company is based on its capacity to build at sea and relies on the equipment system of the Brother Zhenhua Heavy Worker.
Capacity-building, active expansion of marine engineering operations, pre-emption in the area of offshore wind and power installation maintenance, promising design operations: design operations under China's hand-in-hand flag, early start and extensive deployment, preparation of a large number of industry standards and norms, strong branding at the high end of the domestic navigation market at Roadbridge Port, with design operations abroad accounting for about 3 per cent of the total, along with standards
Regulating “outwards”, the share of overseas operations has greater scope for upgrading. Prospective company design 2022-2025. Others: other company operations include mainly asset leasing (mainly engineering and mechanical assets such as ships), material sales Internal offsets: assuming internal offsets maintain a small change in current levels.
The company is expected to continue to promote reits in the future as a result of the public fund-raising reits disposal project, and to accelerate the funding rate: Māori capital development focused on high-end projects, active growth of Māori-high-level urban integrated development operations through investment, and higher Māori business share; dredging operations are relatively high and with overseas industry
The overall Māori rate is expected to continue to rise in the event of a recovery; design operations are being re-listed to achieve a more intensive operation, cost: companies continue to manage robustly standardized and digitized, R&D inputs are being scaled up and management costs are being maintained
Taking into account the company's business characteristics, we use both absolute and relative valuation to estimate the company's soundness, taking into account that the construction and real estate industries are at a mature stage of development and that there is limited scope for future growth, but the company's infrastructure and operating-type business space are still vast, so let's assume a constant 0.5% growth rate. We use fcfe cash flow.
Estimating the value of the company's shares at $249.98 billion, corresponding to the value of each share The sensitivity analysis of the absolute valuation: when the constant growth rate and the discount rate change simultaneously, the absolute value of the company is relative to that of the construction firm: selection of the leading construction company in the capital sector, China, China, China, iron, China, China, China, Metallurgical.
As a comparable company, the average number of corporate champions is 6.54 x 5.83 x 4.95 x in 2022/2023/2024, and the average pb is 0.75. The company’s share of engineering activity is comparable to that of other construction companies, but the company has more investment assets (licensing, long-term receivables), reflecting a higher investment in the future.
The pb valuation is still comparable to comparable construction, due to the company’s limited early profitability in terms of its current accumulation of investment capital. Compared to international engineering companies, the selection of the leading international engineering companies, China International, North International, North International, etc.
Pb averages 1.79. China has a significantly larger overseas revenue base than comparable companies, but the ratio of overseas income to overseas Maori is relatively low and the overall valuation is largely determined by domestic operations, so the valuation level is relative to international engineering compared to international contractors abroad: the All-Heavy Group, which selects overseas capital-building operators (Paris Pan-European Securities Exchange).
The average number of overseas comparable companies in 2023/2024 was 17.38x/13.94x, pb 1.99. China ' s turn-over business model is closer to international contractors abroad.
The company’s valuation is slightly higher than that of a domestic construction firm, but it is significantly lower than that of an international marine contractor whose business model is more similar to that of an international engineering firm. Given the company’s active transformation of integrated infrastructure construction service providers, concessions, etc.
14.04-16.38 Unit h (China Transport Construction 1880.hk): subject to United States sanctions and low liquidity, China is a+h listed company, h shares called China Transport Construction, code 1800.hk. November 2020,
The US government has issued executive orders prohibiting US investors from investing in enterprises owned or controlled by the Chinese military, including construction enterprises such as China Handover, China Iron Construction, and China Nuclear Construction. Foreign investment in Hong Kong’s transport construction is limited, resulting in low liquidity of the company’s port stock and a significantly higher premium.
Figure 71: At the beginning of the year to date, China has made a contribution to the price of the a-share premium (in which it is expected that the company will be home to its parent company in 22-24 years) and will be competitive in the area of major construction, while the company will be active in setting up a whole-of-business chain.
This report uses the absolute valuation method to calculate the company’s reasonable valuation, in which weighted capital costs (wacc), comparable companies, etc., are subject to some subjective judgement. On the basis of a comprehensive analysis of the company, we make relatively reasonable assumptions, but we cannot exclude the risk that some of the data will be inaccurate.
* This report uses the relative valuation method to calculate the company's reasonable valuation, which determines the company's valuation level by reference to a consistent period of time for comparable corporate profitability and valuation, which may not take sufficient account of the market and the industry's overall risk of overvaluation, on the assumption that a comparable company's valuation is reasonable and the market's expectations are consistent.
Low corporate cost estimates and high Māori estimates raise the risk of a high macroeconomic downside to the company’s projected profitability over the next three years. As the global economy enters a recessionary cycle, the macroeconomic climate is likely to decline further, there is a risk of shrinking market demand, delays in work and prolonged accounts receivable.
There is a risk of increased competition in the construction sector. The construction industry has lower entry thresholds, relatively intense competition, and market competition in future firms may increase further and may run the risk of falling business performance and market share.
Given the international political situation, changes in foreign policy, and government executive intervention, companies may face the risk of non-operational offshore construction projects, unrecoverable works, project losses, major security accidents.
The industry environment is relatively poor and there is a risk of significant security incidents due to inappropriate operations, untimely equipment repairs, extreme weather, etc., which, if they occur, may have a negative impact on the progress of corporate engineering projects, corporate brand reputation, and economic performance.
Risk of fluctuations in the prices of raw materials. The main raw materials used by the company in its operations include cement, steel, asphalt, etc. in construction operations, and short-term price fluctuations in raw materials have some impact on the performance of the company’s operations.
There is a risk of bad debts arising from the difficulty of recovering the receivables due to major adverse changes in the landscape or financial difficulties experienced by individual clients. There is a risk that the design of asset restructuring will not be as advanced as expected.
The NCC has approved the split, but many conditions are still to be met before it can be implemented, including, but not limited to, the general assembly of shareholders of the company, considering the adoption of the split and obtaining the approval, registration, etc., of the competent regulatory body. There is uncertainty as to whether the split will be approved, approved or registered, and eventually approved, approved or registered.
The company announced its equity incentive scheme in December 2022, which has a better incentive effect on the company’s core managers and key technical staff, and has a positive impact on performance growth. If the pace of change in the successor state is not as fast as expected, it may result in less flexibility in strategic corporate decision-making.
Schedule: Financial forecasts and valuations Author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic is based on author's professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion,
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author