The annual report anticipates a better working-control subside, a breakthrough in electrical control, a net profit of 990 million (-15 per cent) for the research assistant Chai Ka Fai.q4 Māori rates have been affected by a decline in the same ratio, and 19 years have seen a reduction in tax refunds.
Non-recurrent gains and losses increase and equity incentive costs rise back. Overall, performance meets expectations.
The order began to improve in September, and the construction control order started to grow in September/October, with expectations for further improvement. In 19 years, the new platform product from the SWIFT server, plc was launched, the new variable frequency product was being developed, and the cnc platform product based on the German pa was expected to be launched in 20 years; and the group was expected to continue to do so.
Weaving external consulting firms are moving forward in depth, introducing the Chinese background brain into a “customer-centred process-oriented organization” that is constantly improving per capita efficiency and is expected to be effective at the beginning of the 20-year period. A 20-40-per-cent recovery in the general automation plate is expected in 20 years.
New energy cars have been under stress for 19 years, but they've been moving ahead well, and power control has been recognized overseas, and they are expected to lose a lot of money for 20 years. This year, new energy cars have been affected by a number of other factors, and the overall volume of sales has fallen short of expectations, with a total of 1.26,000 vehicles sold in 2019, compared to 4% in 2019, and the sea in 20 years.
Foreign-based electric vehicles are starting to grow in the first half of the year, with national production and joint ventures starting to grow, domestic production of new energy vehicles is expected to resume to grow, domestic sales of new energy vehicles are expected to begin to rise rapidly in 2020, and domestic sales of new energy vehicles are expected to begin to increase rapidly in 160-180 years.
27,600 sets (18 years only 113,000 units), while this year Hitchuan is using a motor control point to drive 1, Hitchon Technologies (3000124): All-round smooth. Price reductions are expected to slow down next year, while front-line domestic cars start to run in volumes and collect in cars.
The elevators are growing robustly, the acquisition of Bethet is complete, and performance continues to grow for 20 years, while slowing down and falling under cost pressures.
Further synergy. Corporate elevators as one-stop operations have been growing steadily throughout the year. Motion orders improved. 2019-10-29 July, when cash acquisitions of 51% of Bestte ' s shares were completed.
The capacity of the “big package” solution continues to improve, with strong synergies between the two companies, profits, 3 and the tri-quarterly report of Hitchuan Technology (300124).
The total annual return of $7.34 billion (+25.8 per cent) and net profit of $990 million (-15 per cent). On a quarterly basis, q4 single-quarterized net return returns of $229-463 million, an increase of 39 per cent to 24 per cent. In median terms, 1904 received $2,434 million (+25.8 per cent) and net return of mothers of $346 million (-7.2 per cent). Overall, this is in line with expectations.
The industrial sector q4 showed signs of warming, the general automated business q4 orders of the company resumed growth; 20 years of industrial recovery and new product-plus organizational changes were expected to drive high growth. 19 years of poor downstream investment confidence and the overall weakness of the industrial-controlled industry, which continued to run 1803 cases as a result of the trade war
The q3 manufacturing landscape has continued to expand, and the q3 manufacturing landscape has reached a low point. But there are signs of recovery from the q4 manufacturing landscape: signs of warming. The industrial and regulatory sectors are expected to continue to improve over the past 20 years, with prospects for a return to high growth in downstream photovoltaics, lithium electricity, and 3c, and the traditional manufacturing industry is expected to emerge gradually.
General automation orders began to improve in September and construction control orders started to grow in September/October, which was largely a slight decline, the November/December ring has continued to improve, the downstream advanced manufacturing, photovoltaic, electronic, etc. have improved, and orders from the q3 have resumed to increase since q3 and the turning point has been identified, but q3 orders have been collected.
The downside effects are still expected to be a decline in the q4 generic block collection. 19 years of server service, new plc platform products have been launched, new variable frequency products are being developed, and the cnc platform product based on German pa is expected to be launched in 20 years.
Building a “customer-centred, process-oriented organization” that is increasing per capita efficiency and is expected to be effective in 20 years. Twenty years of industry recovery and new product-plus organizational change, with a projected 19-year pressure of new energy vehicles on the General Automation plate, have been well-positioned, power control has been recognized overseas and is expected to be significantly reduced in 20 years.
This year ' s total new energy vehicles were affected by a combination of retrenchment, and the overall volume of sales fell short of expectations, with data from the Chinese Air Association showing that the total volume of new energy vehicles sold in 2019 was 1.26,000 vehicles, i.e. - 4 per cent of the year; the number of vehicles sold by car, i.e. 1.06 million vehicles, i.e. + 0.7 per cent of the year; and the commercial volume, i.e., 146,000 vehicles, i.e., 28.3 per cent of the quarter.
q4 vehicle/bus/logistics production was 273,000/300,000/42 thousand, respectively, of which q4 produced 0.63 million, or 47.5%, respectively. 20 years was the year of electric discharge of overseas vehicles, the start of national production and the start of joint ventures, while domestic production of new energy vehicles is expected to resume and growth is expected to resume.
In the area of passenger vehicles, the company continues to focus on strategic customers, third-generation penta-controlled products in late 19 mass delivery, optimized product performance, reliability, including volume and cost, but the production of Wootuno4 dropped significantly, while the product was under pressure to reduce prices and the Maori rate declined significantly; in the area of logistics vehicles, q4 rows
The economy has experienced a sharp decline in production prices, a regressive impact on unit prices, and an appropriate strategic contraction in the HDR business. The decline in commercial car power control has been significant, and revenue and Māori rates are expected to decline significantly throughout the 19-year period. In the area of passenger vehicles, the HSBC began to grow rapidly after more than two years of sedimentation, and in 19 the second line of the country was wobbled, south-east, south-east, south-east, south-east, south-east.
In 19 years, according to data from ggii, 27,600 (1.13 million in 18) of the combined HCC systems, 17.9 million (65 per cent) of which were installed by Wilmer, followed by the start of the second half of the ideal vehicle, 3750 (13.6 per cent) of the year, and 2245 (8.1 per cent) of the southeast car.
At the same time, this year, Hitchuan was able to move ahead with a motor control point, with five fixed points in the country, two vehicles abroad, a point on a car charge and dcdc, which began in 21, and a single point on overseas power control, which has been largely determined, and the dcdc fixed point on overseas vehicles. The price reduction is expected to slow down next year.
At the same time, the country’s front-line cars are beginning to grow in volume, and their revenue is expected to grow better, and the next year’s overseas contributions are expected to start, and the new energy car plate is expected to lose significantly next year. Overall, the new energy car block has been under considerable pressure for 19 years, but with the use of the vehicle, it is expected that it will become more expensive.
The elevator growth is robust, the acquisition of Bethet is complete, and performance continues to grow over 20 years, with further synergies. The 19-year growth in real estate construction + the demand for renovation of old houses boosts the need for elevators while the company’s customers abroad
The company's elevator business continued to grow steadily throughout the year. The cash acquisition of 51% of Bester's equity was completed in July, and the acquisition is now complete. The capacity of the company's elevator operation's “big package” solution continued to improve, with strong synergies between the two companies.
The Māori ratio has been affected by a decline in the same ratio, lower tax refunds, higher non-current gains and losses, mainly from the investment gains of the M&A Fund and the management of financial returns, and higher equity incentive costs. The Māori q4 ratio is still lower than in the previous year, as a result of the low Māori rate in the Betset scale, without considering the Bésett ' s projected Mäori q4 ratio at the same level as the general rate.
In addition, the value-added tax refunds received by companies have been reduced since 18 years, with cumulative tax refunds of $200 million over the course of 19 years, a 25.2 per cent decrease compared to the current period.
(b) 19 years of non-recurrent gain/loss impact of 206 million, compared with 77.6 per cent, mainly from investment earnings from overseas M&A funds, financial management gains from structural deposits (modified from the current period to non-recurrent): the recovery of equity incentive costs in the third phase has had some impact on profits in this period.
Figure 7: Value Added Tax (VAT) refunds from companies have been significantly reduced since 18 years.