Sinkakawa technology (3000124) is fast-tracked, profit is slightly higher than expected, and the recovery of control is clear, and the research assistant, Chai Ka Fai.
(b) Quarterlyly, the return net profit of 2.49 billion euros for the q4 quarter, or +28.5 per cent, mainly from the Bethet scale; and q4 net return of 401 million yuan for the q4 quarter, an increase of 7.5 per cent.
The profit decline is still significantly narrow, after deducting the contribution of the Betsett scale. The industrial industry is at a turning point of 19q4, and the recovery of the industry after the epidemic is expected to be accompanied by a steady increase in the decline in the ring ratio, with the o4 industrial market rising at a rate of -0.2%.
As a result, downstream demand lags behind, but we do not think that it will affect the general trend towards recovery of the industry, which is expected to accelerate after the epidemic. The general automated orders for the Sinkukawa area started in September 19 and the low orders affected the q4 end of the income.
The impact of the situation has been positive, but growth has been positive, with the demand for masks, textile equipment to pull plc from downstream, mobile phones still recovering, and wind power and printing packages continuing their better. In 2020, it is expected that the new product of Kawanaga+ organizational change will drive high growth.
▪ New energy cars have been under stress for 19 years, but have been well-positioned and have received overseas approval for power control and are expected to suffer a significant loss for 20 years. In 19 years, new energy cars have been affected by a combination of re-payment, and the overall production and sale of small vehicles have declined significantly, with a marked decline in revenue and Māori rates projected for the entire 19 years.
After more than two years of sedimentation, it began to grow rapidly, with domestic second-line production starting to release in 19 years, while at the same time it moved smoothly in 19 years with motor power control points. For 20 years, it is expected that passenger and logistics vehicles will reverse their decline and return to growth, using both their discharge and their capacity utilization rates.
1- “Seconian Technology (300124): Annual reports have been raised, overall income has increased considerably, and profits are expected to decrease significantly.
The elevator growth was robust, and the acquisition of Bethet was complete.
2- Segawa Technologies (300124): Common ladder needs, while corporate customers abroad continue to open up, corporate elevators as one-stop operations remain stable throughout the year.
The acquisition of a “big package” of the company's elevator operations was completed. The performance report for 2019, which initially accounted for $7.394 billion, or +25.9 per cent, in the year as a whole; the return to the mother's net profit of $1,047 million, was the same.
By 10.3%, close to the ceiling of 5% ~ 25% of the performance forecast. On a quarterly basis, a net return profit of 2490 million was realized in the q4 quarter, compared to 28.5% in the Q4 quarter, mainly due to the impact of the Betset scale; the net return of $401 million was achieved in the q4 quarter, an increase of 7.5% compared to the 7.5% compared with the contribution of the Betset scale, and the profit reduction was still significantly narrower.
(b) The recovery of the affected industry in early 20s is lagging behind, and it is expected that the recovery of the sector after the outbreak will be driven by new product-plus organizational changes in 19 years by the trade war, poor confidence in industrial-controlled downstream investment, and overall weakness in the industrial-control industry in 19 years.
On the whole, 19q4 manufacturing climates are beginning to show signs of warming. In the early 20s, after a short-term epidemic, downstream demand lags behind, but we do not believe that this has affected the overall recovery of the industry.
The epidemic has had a positive impact on demand in sectors such as textiles and packaging, and the electronics sector has had a limited impact, and the recovery is clear. Indeed, the industry is expected to continue to accelerate after the epidemic, with high growth expected in downstream photovoltaics, lithium, and 3c, and the traditional manufacturing sector is expected to emerge from the shadow.
The general automation orders of the Sinkkawa began to improve in September of 19th year, and the orders began to grow in September/October, after a slight decline, with orders falling in November, better off in December than in December, and lower earnings. January/February of 20th year, despite the impact of spring holidays and the epidemic, the growth momentum continued.
Good, the demand for masks, textile equipment to pull plc from downstream is growing, mobile phones are still recovering, and wind power, and printing packages are continuing to be better. The new Hitchon product plus organizational changes in 2020 are expected to drive high growth.
The platform ' s products sv660 series, the heavy-pound plc products ac800 series, h5u based on the ethercat bus protocol, etc. were also published intensively, with good client feedback, 20 years of cnc platform products based in Germany, a new generation of variable frequency products, and the company ' s eco-ecosystem based products based on ethercat.
(b) Since 19 Sinkkawa, with the help of a Chinese-backed consultancy, has been deeply engaged in the process of organizational change, working to create a “customer-centred, agile flow organization”, planning a series of three-year transformations, the first three nuclears in October 19
Corporate governance (cg), strategy (sm), marketing (ltc/mcr) has been initiated and is expected to be effective over a period of one to three years. It is expected to continue to strengthen the competitiveness of companies, organizational efficiency, cost-control capacity, per capita output, etc. 20 years of industry recovery and new product-plus organizational changes are expected to restore the generic automation plate
New-energy cars have been under stress for 19 years, but have been well-positioned, have received overseas approval for power control, are expected to be significantly reduced in 20 years, are expected to be affected by a number of other factors, and the overall volume of new-energy vehicles in 19 has fallen short of expectations.
1.06 million vehicles, or a small + 0.7 per cent of the same ratio; commercial sales, or 146,000 vehicles, or 28.3 per cent of the same ratio, were recorded in the first quarter of the year as 273,000/3,000/42 thousand vehicles, or 37.1 per cent/37.3/41.4 per cent of the same, or 20.7 million vehicles, or 10.9 per cent of the same year, respectively;
Of these, q4 produced 0.63 million, or 47.5 per cent. Twenty years is the year of overseas vehicle powered cars, with domestic market national production of tesla continuing to outpace expectations, joint ventures starting to start, new energy vehicle production is expected to resume growth, and domestic new energy vehicles are expected to sell 1.6 to 1.8 million in 2020, an increase of 35 to 50 per cent in the same year.
In the area of passenger vehicles, companies continue to focus on strategic customers, third-generation penta-controlled products in late 19 mass delivery, optimized product performance, reliability, including volume and cost, but significantly reduced output of q4 through word-to-word q4, with greater pressure on product prices and a significant decline in the Māori rate; in the area of logistics vehicles, q4 line
The economy has experienced a sharp decline in production prices, a regressive impact on unit prices, and an appropriate strategic contraction in the HDR business. The decline in commercial car power control has been significant, and revenue and Māori rates are expected to decline significantly throughout the 19-year period. In the area of passenger vehicles, the HSBC began to grow rapidly after more than two years of sedimentation, and in 19 the second line of the country was wobbled, south-east, south-east, south-east, south-east, south-east.
In 19 years, according to data from ggii, 27,600 (1.13 million in 18) of the combined HCC systems, 17.9 million (65 per cent) of which were installed by Wilmer, followed by the start of the second half of the ideal vehicle, 3750 (13.6 per cent) of the year, and 2245 (8.1 per cent) of the southeast car.
At the same time, in 19 years, Hitchuan was able to move ahead with a motor control point, with five fixed points in the country, and overseas vehicles. The 20-year price reduction is expected to be slower, while domestic front-line cars are beginning to release, multiplying the overall 19-year pressure on the new energy car block and the Maori ratio; 20 years ahead, passenger cars.
And the logistics car is expected to reverse the decline in growth, increase its use and capacity, achieve higher overall income, and expect a significant loss in profits. The elevator growth is robust, the acquisition of Bethet is fully completed, and performance continues to grow over 20 years, with further growth taking place.
The 19-year growth in real estate start-up + the need to renovate old houses boosts the need for elevators, while the company's overseas customers continue to expand, and the company's elevator-combined business has been growing steadily throughout the year. The cash acquisition of 51% of Bestte's equity in July began with full consolidation, and the acquisition is now complete.
Accompanied solutions continue to grow, with strong synergies between the two companies, expected to increase profits by around 100 million in 19 years, Māori rates falling by the same scale, lower tax refunds, higher non-recurrent gains and losses, stronger equity incentives, better-than-expected cost controls, more efficient management after organizational change, and lower management costs.
In addition, the value-added tax refunds received by companies have decreased since 18 years, with cumulative tax refunds of $200 million over the course of 19 years, a significant +77.6 per cent of the year. In addition, the third stage of equity incentive costs have been partially reversed, concentrated in q4 and confirmed for the current period.
On the cost side, there has been an increase in employee remuneration, social security, and pension payments, as well as an increase in the cost rate, but the increase is expected to be better than expected, and management efficiency is expected to increase after organizational change, and management costs are expected to fall. With the approval of the China Securities and Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Company Limited has already had a securities investment advisory committee.