The Center for Resources and Environmental Research sees that corporate automation is once again moving into fast-growing runways, and that the net profits and deductions from home are in line with expectations.
In addition, a small increase in general automation operations is expected, with elevator integration operations and Buster's collection.
Yes: a combination of changes in the income structure of the company ' s products, increased competition in the market and the Betsett merger table, where the industry is approaching a turning point, with a decline in the Māori ratio compared to the previous period; and an increase in the cost of personnel as a result of wage increases and mergers and acquisitions since the last two or three quarters.
Financial costs have increased the same year; the value of VAT software refunds received by 3 companies have decreased. Deduction of non-net profits.
3. "The strong support for the implementation of the SIC-TIP 2 policy and the accelerated release of the demand for endogenous automation will underpin the per capita industrial value-added compact, which will continue to be pressured to see the second half of the year ' s demand warmer " ,
In the last quarter, the continued easing of credit policies has led to a combination of heating of end demand and refilling of industrial chains, long-tracking, new power electro-control bottom-up rebounds, which has driven the recent year-on-year growth in demand for engineering and control, so q4 was either manufactured or manufactured in 2019.
5. “Sinks Technology Acquisition Points - Mergers and Acquisitions of Elevators” cyclical turning points, with demand from the emerging sectors of 3c, lithium, photovoltaic, etc. since 2019q3. It is expected that the oem industry will grow at a negative rate and lead to the industrial control sector as fast as possible in 2020.
q1. The overall demand for industrial manufacturing remained weak in the fourth quarter of this year, but corporate automaticization orders clearly picked up, reflecting stronger growth resilience, and the expected increase in automated crop yields in 2020 is expected to continue to grow by 200 million by 2020. The company started with a chart in late 2019.
The company will be in full and listed by November, with a projected net profit of 80 million left for the year as a whole, and the company’s own elevators and bast operations are expected to complement the channels and products in 2020. The company will be fully and listed by November 2020.
Macroeconomic over-expected downside risk; significant downside risk for the Māori rate; new energy vehicle policy risk; analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, then averaged the final rating as average market investment