New energy transition is progressing well, smart electric products are entering mass production, cars in China (600741.sh)
(i) Rapid release of smart electric products and successful development of medium- and high-end projects. Companies are moving ahead with smart electric products as a core focus, and business breakthroughs are continuing: in the smart cabin, in April, the latest demonstration model of the smart cabin was officially released, Xim23s, creating a unique integrated module;
With regard to driving, the short, medium and long-range platform millimetre wave radars have made good progress, and short-range radars now detect the output of cpd (cpd)-type radars in the presence of children in the air, and have newly acquired some of their vehicle-type door radars.
The supply of a partial car-shaped arcular radar to Chir's car, the long range radar on a new energy vehicle with a high-voltage General Mitsubishi, the target break of forward long-range radar on the vehicle pattern, which is expected to be produced in the second half of the year, and the combined output of the company's millimeter wave radar product in the first half of the year, which is over 260,000, an increase of over 75 per cent in the same year, with a significant increase in the volume of electricity sold;
With respect to dynamic products, 800v high-voltage power-drives are in the production-readiness phase, and the development of high-power platform power-driven systems for the Great Wall-related vehicles is well under way. In the first half of the year, the company electrical and electronics business achieved $5.014 billion, an increase of 103.5 per cent, with respect to new energy products, power drivers, power drivers.
System and battery pallet sales were 19.00/7.72/3675 million, with the Division increasing the strategic focus of advanced manufacturing capacity on the same basis. (ii) Large clients continued to fall in dependency, with new energy vehicle orders exceeding 60%.
Calculators, 55.38 per cent of the company ' s main business revenue comes from whole car customers outside the upper-mortality group, compared to Biti ' s 300-percent performance figure 6.00 pct. In addition to the upper-mortality group, the company ' s clients include the Great Wall, the Jianghua, the Hiroshima Group, the North.
Automobile, Gilly, Biade, Tesla Shanghai, and a crowd of people, Chang Anfort, Beijing Benz, Walling BMW, East Wind, and other joint brands, interior and interior apparel, and functional appliance products have entered the world's two leading new energy cars, Biadi and Tesla, which are expected to come from Tesla and Biade.
By the end of June, the company’s new business life cycle orders had raised the value of new-energy automobile-related vehicle-type operations to more than 60%, and the company’s share of the company’s share of the company’s revenue had increased to more than 60%.
(iii) Business net profits have increased steadily, with well-regulated cost rates over the period. During the first half of the year, net profits were realized for interior and external apparel, metal formation and modelling, functional devices, electrical and electronic appliances, and thermal processors, respectively.
There is a rapid increase in profitability, and electronics have suffered short-term losses during the climb-up period. Corporate sales in the first half of the year were 0.66% and 5.27%, respectively, compared to 0.03pct and -0.23pc, respectively, and corporate cost control was excellent and underpinned a steady increase in profitability.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.