The performance sticker ceiling, with topcon exceeding the profit of 100 million yuan and an increase of 64.9 per cent in the ring, is close to the median of the forecast, and the net profit is close to the forecast ceiling.
Topcon excess profit cashing: The company's component is expected to deliver nearly 16gw in four quarters, of which perc9gw.topcon is expected to deliver close to 7gw. Significant price fluctuations in the industrial chain in December, downstream requirements 1.
In order to achieve a significant increase in the ring ratio in the context of the weakening of the epidemic and its impact on production, the Topcon advantage/w, topcon's profitability is over-expected, and perc's profitability is weak, mainly because of the higher volume of q4 deliveries in the country and the over-purchase of batteries by more than 40%.
3. " Increased share of outgoing goods, sustained improvement in the profitability of the components - crystallized energy pool production, sustained decline in battery outsourcing in 2023 " , delayed port fees, expected to improve significantly in 2023: four quarters due to United States goods
The delay costs of $400-500 million, and the company’s first delay in customs clearances are now expected to improve significantly in 2023. Topcon is well ahead of schedule, with excess profit contributions entering the harvest period: the company is in Topcon.
With regard to technology research and development and volume production, 1. The company ' s 35gw topcon battery capacity is now fully operational. Topcon capacity has been planned to include 6gw battery assembly, 6gw battery assembly in Shansan, and 10gw assembly in Upper Ribbon, which is expected to continue to expand.
Production planning, real output expansion in 2023, will be even higher. 2) On the cost side, the company topcon costs are equal to perc, with efficiency improvements, and there is still room to optimize the topcon costs. With industry chain price reductions in 2023, it is expected that the topcon components will be fast-tracked.
Infiltration, given the power gain of the Topcon product over the perc component, it is expected that the topcon component will maintain a sales premium of around 0.1/w, that the company plans to deliver the 23-year N component at over 60 per cent, and that it will drive the company to achieve a stronger product in a more stringent battery supply environment.
Companies are expected to expand profitably with industry leading to Topcon, and to share more easily in the price reduction cycle, enabling companies to achieve higher profits than their counterparts. Risk of a deterioration in the international trade environment; new technology progressing less than expected; RMB exchange rate
Analysis of rates of related reports in the market