Telecommunications (300394.sz) Communications system equipment iii. Sustained pressure is expected to increase in the release of new products
The growth in business income was largely due to the gradual increase in production and revenue from new product lines in the reporting period, with the increase in income from non-source devices by 46.82 per cent compared to the same increase. Net profits fell by the same year, mainly because of the investment in research and development in new product lines.
Larger entry and not yet sufficiently large to yield benefits; 2) competitive environmental impact on the prices of some of the company ' s products, continuing industry landscapes, new product exposures: as the demand for information continues to rise, the light communication industry itself is now moving towards larger transmission bandwidths, higher transmission speeds, higher integration of chips and lower power.
The company’s luminous equipment industry is an upstream luminous telecommunication industry, benefiting from high levels of communications. Since 2016, companies have continued to increase their investment in research and development for new products, with a clear impact on net profit performance.
It is expected that the large-scale input phase for new company products will be over, cost-side pressures will be reduced, and the revenue end will be followed by the release of products such as osaoodm, fibre-optic lenses, mpo, etc. The company is expected to increase its meetings and raise funds to support investment in high-speed light module light devices, which are expected to generate new growth dynamics for the company as the project moves forward.
Waiting for the company ' s performance to get out of the low, adjusting the company ' s rating to buy-b: the company announced its performance in the first quarter of 2018 10-30%, mainly affected by competition in the telecommunications market, in addition to the renminbi ' s exchange rate against the United States dollar over the same period last year
Keeping the pressure on our performance, we adjust our corporate ratings to -a -Stander: Telecom: A short-term pressure on the performance of new products, Wireless Communications: Leads in the Fibre Connector Industry, Proposed Increases
The growth in operating income is mainly due to the gradual increase in production and income from the company’s new product lines during the reporting period.
Slip, mainly due to 1) higher upfront R & D investment in new product lines and not yet yielding sufficient scale benefits; 2) lower competing environmental impacts on some of the company ' s production prices compared to the same year; 3) higher exchange rate fluctuations in the renminbi against the United States dollar, resulting in higher corporate financial costs; (i) faster growth in source products and lower levels of Māori
In terms of product composition, the growth in non-source devices was steady in 2017, with revenues of $309.4928 million, or 8.47 per cent in the same year, and the growth in the sourceware business was strong, with revenues of $24.444 million, or 46.82 per cent in the same year. In terms of Māori, there was a significant increase in competition. The decline in Māori for source products was significant, reaching 14.09 per cent, while Māori for source products fell by 4.75 per cent.
(ii) Continued increase in R & D inputs, with a continued increase in the cost rate during the period, with expenditure on corporate financial costs of $80.67 million in 2017, an increase of 113.00 per cent over the same period, mainly in exchange rate losses, to improve the competitiveness of the core technology of the company's products, with a total of 15 R & D projects (6 of which were added) including high accuracy
Fibre-optic communications with indented plastics and their molds, fibre-optic interface components 40g and above, high-speed high-capacity fibre-optic communications with 100 g osa devices, high-speed lightless light-to-power ceramic tubes, high-precision inner-hole metal development, high-density/high-precision ceramic tubes, low-loss fibre-optic adapters and their automation, high-speed fibre-optic interface component processes and equipment, tail fibre-optic interfaces
The project is now progressing well with the R & D of its processes and the development of laser-processing technology in the fibre optic field. (iii) Four-quarter ring improvement, with a 15.69 per cent increase in the NPR ratio.
7.45 per cent and 15.69 per cent, an improvement over the previous three quarters.
The “Broadband China” strategy and the “Network Power” strategy point out that, as one of the most important information and communication infrastructure, light communication is becoming increasingly important in supporting China’s social informatization, broadbanding, and network power. As information demand continues to rise, the light communication industry itself is now moving toward larger transmission bandwidths and higher transmission speeds.
The growth of the industry will be further boosted by the evolution of 5g communications technology. The light communication market has generally been growing better. (ii) The peak period of input has passed and new products are expected to be released.
So far, the company has developed into a leading industry in the field of fibre-optic connectivity segment. The strategic positioning around the "one-stop solution provider of precision devices for optical communications" has led to a series of nine products.
Integrated layout, which provides one-stop, modular product solutions for downstream customers, including ceramic tubes, fibre optic adapters, optical and transient components, Osaoodm high-speed optical devices, photosegregaters, mpo high-density cable connectors, fibre optic lenses (fiberlens), optical plating, core plugging, etc., which are widely applied in the areas of telecommunications, data communications, and material networking.
Since 2016, companies have consistently increased their investment in research and development for new products, with a more pronounced impact on net profit performance. At present, it is expected that the large-scale input phase for new public-sector products will be over, cost-side pressures will be reduced, and revenue ends will be expected to lead to growth in product lines such as osaodm, fibre-optic lenses, and mpo.
Figure 9: The nine main product lines (iii) of the Tienfu communication are scheduled to increase, and the high-speed optical device project is expected to lead to a new growth. On 2 January 2018, the CVM DEC approved the company’s non-publicly issued stock application.
This is mainly for the development and production of high-speed-light modules, including coaxial high-speed transceivers, photo-integrated high-speed-light devices, photo-segregaters, and high-speed-light engine components. As the fixed-increment project is falling, it is expected to lead to new growth in the company’s performance.
On the basis of the following assumptions: 1) the PV sector remains high, driven by strategies and policies such as broadband China, and speed-down fees; 2) the company's forward inputs for new products have peaked, yield capacity has been upgraded and production costs have been effectively controlled to cope with intense market competition; 3) the company's targeted incremental projects have been well advanced, and high-speed light device projects have been steadily carried out, adding new impetus to the company's growth.
We forecast corporate operating income of $466 million, $623 million and $769 million between 2018 and 2020, under constant pressure from the net profit of the mother, and we adjusted the company ' s rating to increase -a -the outlook for the light communication industry is not as good as expected; new products are not being developed as expected; and securities markets are subject to systemic risks.
Summary of financial statement projections and valuation data