PhillipCapital
雲南白藥 (000538.SZ)
混改加速發展
中國大陸| 醫藥 |
公司研報
投資概要
(現價截至4月13日)
公司醫藥商業實現平穩增長，醫藥工業方面，健康產品增長顯著。銷售費用大幅上
目標價 RMB112.0 (+16.4%)
升，行銷力度不斷加大。混改進一步落地，有望進一步激發未來增長動力。考慮到銷
售費用等支出可能增加,我們調低2018年EPS預測至3.4元/股(原3.55元/股)。對比歷
公司資料
史市盈率和行業市盈率水準,我們給予33倍目標市盈率,目標股價112.0元。(現價截至
普通股股東 (百萬股):
1,041.4
4月13日)
市値 (人民幣百萬元):
100,203
52 周 最高價/最低價 (人民幣):
109.87/81.03
公司概況
混改加速發展
2017年，公司控股股東雲南白藥控股有限公司引進民營企業新華都和江蘇魚躍作爲戰
略投資者，白藥控股股權結構變更爲雲南省國資委、新華都與江蘇魚躍分別持有
45%、45%、10%股權,白藥控股及上市公司均變更爲無實際控制人企業。經過2017年
調整之後,我們期望2018年這種混改方式進一步激發企業活力,提升企業競爭力。
股價表現%
醫藥商業平穩增長
省醫藥公司實現收入14,494百萬元,同比增長7.5%。我們預計,2018年隨著兩票制的
影響進一步消化，商業板塊有望優化。醫藥商業基本實現雲南縣級以上及部分發達鄉
鎭醫院全覆蓋；同時探索線下零售藥店業務、藥房託管、網上售藥等線上線下管道協
股價 & 上證指數
同發展。公司目前實現主要電商平臺全覆蓋，同時，開展在微商等領域內的管道建設
探索。
醫藥工業個別發展
醫藥工業收入整體實現同比增長9.7%。(1)藥品事業部收入達到5,043.5百萬元，同比增
長2.56%,表現相對疲弱。公司根據兩票制等醫改政策調整分銷模式,確保產品分銷的
合規性。產品方面,針對藥用消費品消費需求增長的趨勢,篩選內部批交資源,推動
Source: Aastocks, Phillip Securities (HK) Research
藥用消費品產品體系建設;加快蒸汽眼罩等護理類工業產品的研發和推廣。(2)健康產
品部實現收入4,361.1百萬元,同比增長16%,健康產品管道已實現全國覆蓋,部分發
達地區實現縣鄕一級覆蓋。同時，公司積極發展電子商務，在杭州成立互聯網行銷中
心,以旗艦店形式入駐各大電商平臺。
把握時代行銷特點
公司的銷售費用同比上升30%,主要是由於市場維護和推廣費用增加。公司重點部署
在互聯網管道、樓宇管道以及年輕消費群體關注的活動賽事冠名等新型媒體傳播管
道，提升公司品牌在年輕消費人群中的知名度。採用事件型行銷增加產品曝光度，結
合熱門IP,推出相應產品,2017年公司借助熱門影視劇集“三生三世十裡桃花”和
周霖 (2277 6515)
“春風十裡不如你”推出雲南白藥養元青十裡桃花限量定制系列和雲南白藥春風十裡
定制款洗漱包;自主打造大IP運動賽事 “雲南白藥愛跑538”,陸續與長沙、重慶、武
漢等地的合作夥伴共同組織開展活動。隨著在行鎖方面的投入增大,我們預計2018、
2019年的銷售費用仍可能呈上升趨勢。
估值和風險
我們的模型顯示目標價爲112.0元。我們預測未來各分部業務增速，並且考慮到
銷售費用等支出可能增加,調低2018年EPS預測至3.4元/股(原3.55元/股)。中
藥行業目前合理估值水準在33.5-37.6倍左右(市盈率中位數、平均數),對比歷
史市盈率和行業估值,我們給予雲南白藥33倍目標市盈率,目標股價112.0元。
風險包括：流通業務受兩票制影響；健康產品競爭激烈；混改效果不及預期。
圖表：業務分部收入、增速及假設(RMB'000)
Source: Company, Phillip Securities
圖表:同業比較
財務報告
(財務資料截至 2018 年 4 月 13 日)
PHILLIP RESEARCH STOCK SELECTION SYSTEMS
We do not base our recommendations entirely on the above quantitative return bands. We consider qualitative factors like (but not limited to) a stock's
risk reward profile, market sentiment, recent rate of share price appreciation, presence or absence of stock price catalysts, and speculative undertones
surrounding the stock, before making our final recommendation
GENERAL DISCLAIMER
This publication is prepared by Phillip Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd ("Phillip Securities"). By receiving or reading this publication, you agree to be bound by the terms and
limitations set out below.
This publication shall not be reproduced in whole or in part, distributed or published by you for any purpose. Phillip Securities shall not be liable for any direct or
consequential loss arising from any use of material contained in this publication.
The information contained in this publication has been obtained from public sources which Phillip Securities has no reason to believe are unreliable and any analysis,
forecasts, projections, expectations and opinions (collectively the "Research") contained in this publication are based on such information and are expressions of belief only.
Phillip Securities has not verified this information and no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made that such information or Research is accurate, complete or
verified or should be relied upon as such. Any such information or Research contained in this publication is subject to change, and Phillip Securities shall not have any
responsibility to maintain the information or Research made available or to supply any corrections, updates or releases in connection therewith. In no event will Phillip
Securities be liable for any special, indirect, incidental or consequential damages which may be incurred from the use of the information or Research made available, even
if it has been advised of the possibility of such damages.
Any opinions, forecasts, assumptions, estimates, valuations and prices contained in this material are as of the date indicated and are subject to change at any time without
prior notice.
This material is intended for general circulation only and does not take into account the specific investment objectives, financial situation or particular needs of any
particular person. The products mentioned in this material may not be suitable for all investors and a person receiving or reading this material should seek advice from a
financial adviser regarding the suitability of such products, taking into account the specific investment objectives, financial situation or particular needs of that person,
before making a commitment to invest in any of such products.
This publication should not be relied upon as authoritative without further being subject to the recipient's own independent verification and exercise of judgment. The fact
that this publication has been made available constitutes neither a recommendation to enter into a particular transaction nor a representation that any product described in
this material is suitable or appropriate for the recipient. Recipients should be aware that many of the products which may be described in this publication involve significant
risks and may not be suitable for all investors, and that any decision to enter into transactions involving such products should not be made unless all such risks are
understood and an independent determination has been made that such transactions would be appropriate. Any discussion of the risks contained herein with respect to any
product should not be considered to be a disclosure of all risks or a complete discussion of such risks.
Nothing in this report shall be construed to be an offer or solicitation for the purchase or sale of a security. Any decision to purchase securities mentioned in this research
should take into account existing public information, including any registered prospectus in respect of such security.
Disclosure of Interest
Analyst Disclosure: Neither the analyst(s) preparing this report nor his associate has any financial interest in or serves as an officer of the listed corporation covered in this
report.
Firm's Disclosure: Phillip Securities does not have any investment banking relationship with the listed corporation covered in this report nor any financial interest of 1% or
more of the market capitalization in the listed corporation. In addition, no executive staff of Phillip Securities serves as an officer of the listed corporation.
Availability
The information, tools and material presented herein are not directed, intended for distribution to or use by, any person or entity in any jurisdiction or country where such
distribution, publication, availability or use would be contrary to the applicable law or regulation or which would subject Phillip Securities to any registration or licensing or
other requirement, or penalty for contravention of such requirements within such jurisdiction.
Information contained herein is based on sources that Phillip Securities (Hong Kong) Limited ("PSHK") believed to be accurate. PSHK does not bear responsibility for any
loss occasioned by reliance placed upon the contents hereof. PSHK (or its affiliates or employees) may have positions in relevant investment products. For details of
2018 Phillip Securities (Hong Kong) Limited
Contact Information (Regional Member Companies)
SINGAPORE
MALAYSIA
Phillip Securities Pte Ltd
Phillip Capital Management Sdn Bhd
Raffles City Tower
B-3-6 Block B Level 3 Megan Avenue II,
Kuala Lumpur
JAPAN
HONG KONG
PhillipCapital Japan K.K.
Phillip Securities (HK) Ltd
Nagata-cho Bldg.,
Exchange Participant of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
8F, 2-4-3 Nagata-cho,
11/F United Centre 95 Queensway
Hong Kong
CHINA
INDONESIA
Phillip Financial Advisory (Shanghai) Co. Ltd
PT Phillip Securities Indonesia
ANZ Tower Level 23B,
No 436 Hengfeng Road,
Jl Jend Sudirman Kav 33A
Greentech Unit 604,
Jakarta 10220 – Indonesia
THAILAND
FRANCE
Phillip Securities (Thailand) Public Co. Ltd
King & Shaxson Capital Limited
15th Floor, Vorawat Building,
849 Silom Road, Silom, Bangrak,
Paris France
Bangkok 10500 Thailand
UNITED KINGDOM
UNITED STATES
King & Shaxson Capital Limited
Phillip Futures Inc
6th Floor, Candlewick House,
120 Cannon Street,
The Chicago Board of Trade Building
London, EC4N 6AS
Chicago, IL 60604 USA
AUSTRALIA
PhillipCapital Australia
Level 12, 15 William Street,
Melbourne, Victoria 3000, Australia