PhillipCapital
雲南白藥 (000538.SZ)
回檔現買入時機
中國大陸｜醫藥｜公司研報
投資概要
近期市場波動加劇，公司股價回落，出現買入機會。我們重申公司基本面情況良好，
(現價截至6月27日)
一季度營業收入同比增長7.26%，淨利潤同比增速11.18%，經營活動產生的現金淨流量
目標價 RMB112.0 (+7.66%)
同比增加137.75%。公司銷售人效在混改後改善明顯。同時，建議關注公司醫療業務進
展。我們預測2018年EPS為3.4元/股，維持33倍目標市盈率，目標股價112.0元。(現價
公司資料
截至6月27日)
普通股股東 (百萬股):
1,041.4
市値 (人民幣百萬元):
110,700
公司概況
52 周 最高價/最低價 (人民幣):
120.05/84.35
行業增速放緩，惟龍頭強者恒強。中國商務部發佈的《2017 年藥品流通行業運行統計
主要股東， %
分析報告》顯示,醫藥批發企業增速放緩,前 100 位藥品批發企業主營業務收入同比
增長 8.4%, 下降 5.6 個百分點。雲南省醫藥公司的批發業務年營收 144.9 億元, 在藥
品批發企業排名中,名列第 16 位,是區域龍頭流通企業。未來,國家各項醫改政策相
繼發佈實施，藥品流通行業將進入深度調整期，區域性藥品流通企業將加速跨區域並
購,實現強者恒強。
股價表現%
混改之後銷售人員效率提升。2010-2016年,銷售人員人均效率有所下降。2017年,公
司控股股東雲南白藥控股有限公司引進民營企業新華都和江蘇魚躍作爲戰略投資者，
進一步加深混合所有制改革。2017年銷售人員效率已見提高，銷售人員人均收入貢獻
同比上升9.62%(2016年增速4.19%),人均淨利潤同比增速達到2.38%(2016年增速
股價 & 上證指數
1.6%)。隨著混改效果進一步顯現,預計公司有望保持良好的運營效率。
圖表:銷售人員人均貢獻(萬元)
Source: Aastocks, Phillip Securities (HK) Research
周霖 (2277 6515)
醫療業務值得期待。公司公佈的投資者訪談顯示，順應雲南省要把雲南建設成健康生
活目的地的地區戰略，公司作爲雲南省和昆明市的龍頭醫藥健康企業，有望得到政府
政策的支援和傾斜。公司拓展醫療業務的思路包括，尋找例如高等院校端的醫療資
源，或結合白藥的品牌特點，向骨傷科診療方向拓展。建議關注相關進展。
估值和風險
我們的模型顯示目標價爲112.0元。我們預測未來各分部業務增速，假設2018年
EPS預測至3.4元/股，維持33倍目標市盈率，目標股價112.0元。風險包括：銷售
費用上升;流通業務受兩票制影響;健康產品競爭激烈;混改效果不及預期。
圖表：業務分部收入、增速及假設(RMB'000)
Source: Company, Phillip Securities
圖表:同業比較
雲南白藥 (000538.SZ)
公司研報
財務報告
(財務資料截至 2018 年 6 月 27 日)
PHILLIP RESEARCH STOCK SELECTION SYSTEMS
We do not base our recommendations entirely on the above quantitative return bands. We consider qualitative factors like (but not limited to) a stock's
risk reward profile, market sentiment, recent rate of share price appreciation, presence or absence of stock price catalysts, and speculative undertones
surrounding the stock, before making our final recommendation
GENERAL DISCLAIMER
This publication is prepared by Phillip Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd ("Phillip Securities"). By receiving or reading this publication, you agree to be bound by the terms and
limitations set out below.
This publication shall not be reproduced in whole or in part, distributed or published by you for any purpose. Phillip Securities shall not be liable for any direct or
consequential loss arising from any use of material contained in this publication.
The information contained in this publication has been obtained from public sources which Phillip Securities has no reason to believe are unreliable and any analysis,
forecasts, projections, expectations and opinions (collectively the "Research") contained in this publication are based on such information and are expressions of belief only.
Phillip Securities has not verified this information and no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made that such information or Research is accurate, complete or
verified or should be relied upon as such. Any such information or Research contained in this publication is subject to change, and Phillip Securities shall not have any
responsibility to maintain the information or Research made available or to supply any corrections, updates or releases in connection therewith. In no event will Phillip
Securities be liable for any special, indirect, incidental or consequential damages which may be incurred from the use of the information or Research made available, even
if it has been advised of the possibility of such damages.
Any opinions, forecasts, assumptions, estimates, valuations and prices contained in this material are as of the date indicated and are subject to change at any time without
prior notice.
This material is intended for general circulation only and does not take into account the specific investment objectives, financial situation or particular needs of any
particular person. The products mentioned in this material may not be suitable for all investors and a person receiving or reading this material should seek advice from a
financial adviser regarding the suitability of such products, taking into account the specific investment objectives, financial situation or particular needs of that person,
before making a commitment to invest in any of such products.
This publication should not be relied upon as authoritative without further being subject to the recipient's own independent verification and exercise of judgment. The fact
that this publication has been made available constitutes neither a recommendation to enter into a particular transaction nor a representation that any product described in
this material is suitable or appropriate for the recipient. Recipients should be aware that many of the products which may be described in this publication involve significant
risks and may not be suitable for all investors, and that any decision to enter into transactions involving such products should not be made unless all such risks are
understood and an independent determination has been made that such transactions would be appropriate. Any discussion of the risks contained herein with respect to any
product should not be considered to be a disclosure of all risks or a complete discussion of such risks.
Nothing in this report shall be construed to be an offer or solicitation for the purchase or sale of a security. Any decision to purchase securities mentioned in this research
should take into account existing public information, including any registered prospectus in respect of such security.
Disclosure of Interest
Analyst Disclosure: Neither the analyst(s) preparing this report nor his associate has any financial interest in or serves as an officer of the listed corporation covered in this
report.
Firm's Disclosure: Phillip Securities does not have any investment banking relationship with the listed corporation covered in this report nor any financial interest of 1% or
more of the market capitalization in the listed corporation. In addition, no executive staff of Phillip Securities serves as an officer of the listed corporation.
Availability
The information, tools and material presented herein are not directed, intended for distribution to or use by, any person or entity in any jurisdiction or country where such
distribution, publication, availability or use would be contrary to the applicable law or regulation or which would subject Phillip Securities to any registration or licensing or
other requirement, or penalty for contravention of such requirements within such jurisdiction.
Information contained herein is based on sources that Phillip Securities (Hong Kong) Limited ("PSHK") believed to be accurate. PSHK does not bear responsibility for any
loss occasioned by reliance placed upon the contents hereof. PSHK (or its affiliates or employees) may have positions in relevant investment products. For details of
2018 Phillip Securities (Hong Kong) Limited
Contact Information (Regional Member Companies)
SINGAPORE
MALAYSIA
Phillip Securities Pte Ltd
Phillip Capital Management Sdn Bhd
Raffles City Tower
B-3-6 Block B Level 3 Megan Avenue II,
Kuala Lumpur
JAPAN
HONG KONG
PhillipCapital Japan K.K.
Phillip Securities (HK) Ltd
Nagata-cho Bldg.,
Exchange Participant of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
8F, 2-4-3 Nagata-cho,
11/F United Centre 95 Queensway
Hong Kong
CHINA
INDONESIA
Phillip Financial Advisory (Shanghai) Co. Ltd
PT Phillip Securities Indonesia
ANZ Tower Level 23B,
No 436 Hengfeng Road,
Jl Jend Sudirman Kav 33A
Greentech Unit 604,
Jakarta 10220 – Indonesia
THAILAND
FRANCE
Phillip Securities (Thailand) Public Co. Ltd
King & Shaxson Capital Limited
15th Floor, Vorawat Building,
849 Silom Road, Silom, Bangrak,
Paris France
Bangkok 10500 Thailand
UNITED KINGDOM
UNITED STATES
King & Shaxson Capital Limited
Phillip Futures Inc
6th Floor, Candlewick House,
120 Cannon Street,
The Chicago Board of Trade Building
London, EC4N 6AS
Chicago, IL 60604 USA
AUSTRALIA
PhillipCapital Australia
Level 12, 15 William Street,
Melbourne, Victoria 3000, Australia