The company disclosed a 2019 fast-track performance report: $12,523 million in operating income, a year-on-year increase.
29.63% net profit from the return of mothers was 1,157 million yuan, an increase of 33.62% over the same period.  Income was higher than expected and advertising and membership grew brightly. Mangotv's operator, Hunan Happy Sunshine Interactive Entertainment Media Ltd., achieved operating income of $8.109 billion in 2019.
44.63 per cent, with faster growth in member business, advertising business, operator business: 1) membership business grew by more than 100 per cent in 2019, and companies maintained penetration rates by developing derivatives, exploring stratification payments, optimizing membership products, marketing offline activities, diversifying channels, etc.
In terms of advertising, the company continues to grow at a faster pace than in the face of the larger challenges facing the entire industry market, from a single product, to a refined strategy, to an innovative breakthrough in content marketing, where the value of the company ' s advertising becomes more visible.
The company has the advantage of the content and channels on the big screens, working with China, China, China, to develop strategies and pay more actively at the end of iptv and the end of ott. The impact of the epidemic has been limited, content stocks have been unbridled, and there has been significant growth in the period.
The impact of the Gotv platform is mainly related to the delay in production of some programmes, but in general the company has a good stock of all kinds of art, and it has a few new ones in the first quarter, such as "Friends Listen," our band, and so on. With regard to the stock of video shows, Mangotv has a stock of 38 shows throughout the year.
In terms of advertising, a small number of advertising clients were withdrawn during the spring festival, but company video platforms were raised, traffic advertising and dsp advertising revenues were increased significantly, TV drama advertisements were up and the overall impact was limited in the short term.
New business + new marketing + new operating system is steadily upgraded, and the Mangang plan is moving ahead in an orderly manner. Companies insist on technology to drive product development and innovation, and on product rotation to upgrade platform operations, mangotv
Ongoing investment in research and development of new technologies to explore areas such as smart video visualization, optical technology, ar/vr, 5g homogeneity; implementation of the Mango project to build kol, mcn matrices, 1 Mongo super-magnet (300413): performance
The creators' central platform, the "Damang Project" currently has more than 3,000 signatures, based on home-grown ecology, meets expectations, q4 headlines are concentrated, with the advantage that companies will be able to select excellent creators from it in the future, and in 2020 the company will be specializing.
Line-driven platform growth: 2019-10-29. Created a festival for net red kol, highlighting ecological advantages. 2, Mango Supermomentation (300413): h1
Performance ceilings, home-made content matrix 3, Mango SuperMechanism (300413): New media operations are dynamic, "Content+"
Lower than expected, policy risks, etc. East Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, already has a portfolio investment advisory committee