A year-round profit is expected, and a quarter of high-quality content contest is taking place.
From 1.1 to 1.2 billion yuan, an increase of 27.08 per cent to 38.64 per cent over the previous year, the performance was in line with expectations; q4 of this net profit was expected to be higher than in the fourth quarter, with robust growth in membership operations.
Mangotv 4th quarter: 5 of them (Dance Storm/City Singing) 5 of them (Secure 5/ Wild Kitchen 2 / How'd you look at 2 / Wive 3) increased the number by 1 from last year's.
There are 4 vendors in the arts and 14 in the aggregate, up from 2 in the last year and 11 in the number of cumulative brands: 5 in the 5 variety arts produced by Mangotv and 20 in the total number of merchandise cards, up from 5 in the last year.
At the end of the story: The market has been growing steadily, and the show is becoming more self-sufficient. We have counted the number of art and dramas that are available on the quarterly web-wide top 50, and in 2019 q1-4 top 50 in 133, of which mangotv plays 40 (Huannan Watch 13+13).
The Ministry has increased the number and self-sufficiency rate: in the second half of 2019 there was a marked increase in the number of 1-4 places in the total webtop 50, compared with the number of Mongotvs in the total number of 142 on the Internet in 2018 (mangos continue to export quality content, advertising kol is new, Mang plans to open short videos, 5g hours
The Mango supermedia, the country's only online video platform with a national background, has grown robustly and is constantly innovating: 1. Members' business is expected to benefit from improved industry competition patterns by 2020, head platforms.
Reduction of promotions and price increases to arpu; 2. Promotion of advertising and the creation of a mcn platform by the Mandamus project to bring about performance growth points; 3. Content-level strengthening of collaboration with the video studio and continuous expansion of the gaming team 1. Mango super-movement (300413) 3rd quarter 2019
At the end of the 2020 episode, a new step is expected; the 4.5g app works with the major shareholder, China, to assess that profits are growing at the rate expected, and that more than four quarters of the year will continue to explore new video viewing patterns in the 5g era.
The performance rating: three quarters of the industry affected by the broadcasting cycle is highly profitable for 19-20 years, while serving as a scarce national background Internet video platform.
The Hunan Broadband has a natural endowment advantage, using the segment valuation method, the Mango annual video company 30xpe valuations of branded shares, the Mango portion of Mango tv 2020 5.5xps, given that happy purchases continue to be at a loss of 1 xps, gives the Mango supermedia “recommended” rating.
Advertisements are not as popular as expected; the entertainment content is not as high as expected; the company ' s financial statement data projections are summarized in the fifth, 2017 securities-time gold-wing prizes, etc.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.