The Consumer Upgrading and Recreation Research Centre, Inc., issued a performance forecast for 2019 on 13 January 2020, which projected a net return of $1.1 billion to $1.2 billion in 2019, an increase of 27.08 per cent to 38.64 per cent over the same period; and a net return of 2019q4 is projected to be a net return.
A combination of content innovation and cost-control advantages, Mangotv slammed in with high-quality blending and video programmes. 2019q4, thanks to a relaxed regulatory environment, a new acceleration in the programme, Mangotv playing the Ace of Merit, a competitive advantage and a sustained production, promotional advertising and member income growth, late 2019, Mangotv.
With more than 18 million members in active service. For the arts, Big Star 5 and Wives' Romantic Travel 3 have achieved both a good amount of airtime and a good amount of speech, with a cumulative amount of 25.10 and 1.
With regard to the episode, the sum of 24,60, 19,73 and 1,110 million airtime in October and December, respectively, were aired under the rubric of rain, in the first love, and in the first love. 2. Long-term values are strong, with a focus on q4 performances.
We expect that the parent video platform in 2020 will focus on deepening the payments, and that the variables in content will be linked to the variables that users have taken and retained. Mangotv is still in the long run, the number of payers and Arpu 3.
The wealth of project reserves in 2020 also adds leverage to their fierce industrial competition, and the growing strength of home-grown power is also a source of long-term blood supply. According to the current company hiring chambers, 4.
The release of the stock plan is expected to be followed by 37 amphibious and 43 plays. Not only is there a trump, but there is a series of amphibious arts like "My Loved Women 2 (2020q1), the wife's romantic travel 4" 5.
There is also a great deal of new art in the stock, and there is the potential for the dramas of "Little Eating," "Lind Orange" and "Kill Crows" and so on.
5g new technologies are applied, and mango supermedias are also active in new games and forms. Technological change belts demand dynamic content, and mango supermixes with stronger content attributes, or will benefit from this.
Extensions to enhance the ability to combine value fortitude; policy regulatory risk; increase in fee-paying membership may not be as high as expected; release of sales restrictions; data accuracy discrepancies; impairment of inventory; and risk of uncollectible accounts receivable
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment