Events: The company ' s performance report for 2019, released on 29 February 2020, achieved 12,523 million yuan in operating income during the reporting period, an increase of 29.63 per cent over the previous period.
Mango superseding (300413.sz) The net return to the mother is 1,157 million yuan, an increase of 33.62 per cent, equity 79.83 per cent, a basic gain of 0.66 per share, an increase of 22.22 per cent, with Mango tv operators achieving business income of $8.109 billion, an increase of 44.63 per cent, and members ' business growth of more than 100 per cent.
During the reporting period, members advertised a high rate of income growth driven by three major players, with a targeted increase in the number of external investors.
Commonly driven operating income sustained steady growth, with total revenue rising by 29.63 per cent to $12.52 billion on a year-on-year basis, combined with net profit gains in driving parentage by 33.62 per cent to $1.157 billion, with a weighted average net asset return of 15.68 per cent and a decrease of 1.75 percentage points on a year-on-year basis, of which Mangotv's operator, happy sunshine, achieved operating income of $809 million, an increase of 44.63 per cent over the same year, membership business growth of more than 100 per cent, media retailing business gains and revenue growth due mainly to the company's own content
There are significant advantages to this, with a high-quality content bank contributing to a sustained increase in membership, a steady increase in the number of operators, a good flow of home-made generalists attracting more advertising, and innovative ways of doing business, such as ip derivative development, helping to reverse the losses in the media retail business. Meanwhile, companies introduced capital transfers from outside investors during the reporting period, raising matching funds by $2 billion through non-public issuances, and increasing total equity by 7 shares per 10 shares in the capital pool, increasing total equity by 79.83 per cent and total assets by 40.71 per cent during the reporting period.
The core platform, Mangotv, has continued to be built, and the Mangotv platform has been supplemented with the ugc ecology. The Mangotv main platform has two main lines of operations, including a microscreen (mpp) and a large screen (ott/iptv), covering the entire Internet and operator channel. In May 2019, the company introduced the operator's shareholders and is expected to expand the big screen content channel.
In addition, the Great Mango Initiative has helped to build a kol, mcn matrix and create a new eco-recreation platform, 2019.12. The content is complementary to the content of pgc, which can be used as a backup for companies producing, operating and performing artists' resources, and in advertising.
It helps advertisers achieve a second spread of content on the Internet, and the mango ecology continues to expand. It expands the implementation of mango good products, mango wallets, and app-based product matrices in a step-by-step manner, increasing the efficiency of the platform’s operations.
Accompanied by years of experience in the production of a variety of pop-ups, the launch of a series of "Stars" and a series of "Roman Travels of the Wives" and, since 2019, the company's production of a series of dramas in collaboration with a number of studios, such as Happiness Next, and hopefully, the Sunda Stock Company.
New drivers of corporate membership income, the company's ongoing “selection” strategy, which is aimed at target users, allows for fanization and higher output of inputs.
>Foster new technologies to improve product models for the 5g era. Companies continue to use new technologies to promote product research and innovation, improve production efficiency and explore areas such as visual intelligence, optical technology, ar/vr, 5g alloys. 5g is expected to change the form of current information transmission, increase video coverage in traffic, and also to destabilize and rebuild existing business models. Companies and mobile, Chinese and other companies are expected to continue to lead the way in 5g.
\triangleright Risk factors: below-expected increases in membership prices; continuing deterioration of the macro-environment, with lower-than-expected advertising revenues; higher upstream factor prices; visual investment risk; human loss of risk; failure to perform against risk.
Wang Jianxing, a Master of Financial Sciences from the University of Jordan, three years of vendor research experience, officially joined the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre in November 2019 for media research in the Internet industry. Wang Ting, Master of Economics from Nanjing University, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2020 to cover network games and integrated marketing.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities, and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. It is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. It is intended only for these particular clients. It is not intended for the public as a result of publicly available information that is considered reliable by the letter of credit securities, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the original presentation of the report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance of the securities or investment funds should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria.
No special notice may be issued in respect of the credit instruments, which issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.