In recent days, Xu has issued a series of bulletins, such as the Annual Report 2017 and the First quarter Report 2018. The company achieved business income of $29.131 billion in 2017, an increase of 72.46 per cent over the previous year.
Cash dividends of 0.4 yuan (including taxes). In the first quarter of 2018, the company realized operating income of 4,784 million yuan, an increase of 79.79 per cent in the same year; net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies of 519 million yuan, with sustained high performance growth, with a first quarter yielding the best single quarter in the first quarter of history: company 2017
The annual operating income is the third highest in history, followed only by 2011 and 2012; a small increase of 1.17 per cent from the same year-on-year increase, with an outbreak of repair in 2017.
The net profit is still lower than in the period from 2009 to 2013. The net profit is still lower than in the period from 2010 to 2013.
The first quarter was the best, the first quarter was the third consecutive year of the recovery of the net profit from the mother, and the first quarter was the third quarter of the first quarter of the year. The first quarter was also the first quarter of the history of the first quarter, the third quarter of the first quarter of the first quarter, followed only by the first quarter of 2011 and the second quarter of 2012, with a slight increase in the net profit from the mother.
It is worth mentioning that the net cash flows generated by the company ' s operations, which have been positive for nine consecutive quarters since 2016, have remained relatively stable. The net cash flows generated by the operations in the first quarter of 2018 are as follows:
Increased concentration of beneficiary industries: During the cyclical depth of the engineering and machinery industry from 2012 to 2016, some of the firms withdrew from the engineering and machinery industry, while in the second half of 2016 the engineering and machinery industry rebounded rapidly with the advantage of products, channels, size, etc.
The recovery in the engineering and machinery sector has continued, and the concentration of the industry has increased. The company has benefited fully from the recovery as the first brand of wheel cranes (the first global market for wheel cranes).
The market for core products such as rollers, flat-grounders, horizontal-direction rigs, spin-drillers, high-grade fire trucks, etc., is the country’s largest, with 5.51 per cent of R & D inputs in 2017, and a clear competitive advantage in cumulatively authorized patents of 4,493 (of which 1,046 patents were invented).
This represents an increase of 94.01% over a third of the cranes in 2017, which is higher than other products, and an increase to 36.49%. Although the Māori rate for heavy machinery since 2017 was similar to 18.89%, mainly as a result of the rise in raw materials, such as steel, and the increased handling of cell phones.
The growth in the production of company engineering and machinery products has been historically high, with annual reports showing both an increase in production and an increase in absolute values over sales, resulting in an increase in stock of between 117.33 per cent and 8352 items, and a marked increase in inventories, mainly as a result of the increase in raw materials and inventory commodities that companies have been able to increase in response to market expectations.
We need to focus on following up on sales of the company’s inventory. The increase has been approved by the CVM, looking after the high-altitude platform project: the company has been moving forward to promote the company’s transformational upgrading and internationalization.
In addition to in-house information upgrades, six manufacturing projects, including construction equipment manufacturing projects, are mechanical production, and three high-end equipment smart manufacturing projects will enrich the company ' s high-end equipment product lines: smart pressure.
The project will enable the company to move rapidly into the environmental industry; the large-scale industrial engineering and machinery upgrading project, the Indian Engineering and Mechanical Production and Manufacturing Base Investment project will facilitate the transformation and upgrading of the company's engineering and machinery and the internationalization of the system.
The approvals will be issued in private. We prefer the future development space for the high-altitude platform smart-making project of this project. The high-altitude platform smart-manufacturing project is implemented by the subsidiary Xu Yu, and the product is based on the core technology of the crane.
In 2016, the company invested $200 million in the establishment of Xu's Fire Safety and Equipment Company, which specializes in fire fighting vehicles, high-grade fire trucks, special duty-free vehicles, guaranteed fire trucks and their accessories, production, manufacture, sale, rental, etc.
Maintenance and technical services: R & D, manufacturing, marketing, leasing, maintenance and technical services for the platform and its packages. Based on the company’s technological excellence in wheel cranes, we expect the company’s high-altitude platform project to be an important future profit growth.
Profit forecasting and rating: We expect that Xu's eps in 2018 and 2019 will maintain the company's “upper” rating, respectively, due to the firm's absolute advantage in wheeled cranes, sustained performance growth and lower market net rates.
Risk factors: Sustained recovery in the engineering and machinery industry is less than expected and international business is not expanding