Transforming wealth management, leading brokers continue to unleash business potential.
August 11, Washington Securities Disclosure, the first stockholder to report on a semi-annual basis. The company achieved a higher share of non-routine income in the first half of 2017, with a more balanced income structure.
During the first half of the year, as a result of a contraction in the volume of transactions, a tightening of refinancing and a decline in the size of bond issues, corporate brokerage and revenue from wealth management and investment banks fell by more than 20 per cent on a year-on-year basis, to 35.6 per cent and 9.2 per cent, respectively; the benefits were derived from higher returns on investment, the growth in the size of capital intermediation and the growth in overseas business income from the acquisition of ansetmark.
Corporate revenue grew by 10.34 per cent. Of this amount, investment revenue grew by 56.89 per cent, rising to 11.8 per cent.
Number one. The shift to lightening, the effectiveness of the Internet strategy, the large customer base and high market coverage, provides a good basis for a corporate transformation in overall wealth management. Investment development is driven by the traditional advantages of mergers and acquisitions.
\triangleright large corporate business patterns have been established, with a capital investment lead, with its leading position in the area of mergers and acquisitions, as well as professional pricing and resource consolidation, integrating enterprise and institutional client resources and needs, and building institutional services
With the gradual marketization of M & As and reforms of state firms, market demand will rise, and corporate investment will continue to grow steadily, thanks to traditional advantages in M & As restructuring. The size and ranking of the management will remain at the top of the industry, with the total size of the company at the end of the reporting period at $945.74 billion.
In the first half of the year, the company's overseas operations turned positive, generating income.
One hundred and eighty million, or 13.34 per cent of income, were one of the main drivers of growth in the first half of the year, with companies maintaining a leading role in brokering, balanced business development and industry-led power; building a whole business chain system, transforming wealth management, increasing capital capacity at a countercyclical rate, unleashing business potential and stabilizing development.
Short-term fluctuations in performance have been reduced, and long-term investments in the industry have been doubled, maintaining highly recommended ratings.
1. Stock-based transactions fall short of expectations; 2. Business transformation has had less effect than expected; and 3.
Li Feng, Executive Vice-President of the Institute, served on the National Economic and Social Commission, the Ministry of National Materials, the Ministry of National Trade, the China Sindha Trust Investment Corporation and the Chinese Galaxy Securities Corporation.