Performance is stronger than expected, Internet finance and wealth management are changing further.
In a semi-annual report in 2017, the company became operational in the first half of 2017, with a revenue of $8.117 billion, an increase of 10.34 per cent over the same period, and a net profit of $2,993 million attributable to the shareholders of the parent company.
Business Development Summary: As a result of strong growth in operating income and investment returns, companies perform better than the industry as a whole. Corporate management revenue and net returns on investment perform more strongly, recording higher growth, while corporate investment revenue declines less than industry as a whole.
In the first half of 2017, the size of the industry as a whole declined. The size of corporate management grew from $883.32 billion at the end of 2016 to the end of 2017.
In the first half of 2017, the share of the market for corporate equity transactions reached 7.87 per cent, the first in a series of years and the cumulative number of customers exceeded.
This is reflected in the continued market recognition of company follow-on services such as Treasure for Wealth, and a marked increase in customer stickyness, which contributes to the growth of value-added services. “Three Ones, the transformation of wealth management is strong.
To transform the organizational, product, and service systems. To further develop the concept of a client centre and its corresponding organizational structure, to build a professional client service platform, to develop a financial product platform, and to create a new service system and pricing mechanisms, and to learn how to do so.
In the first half of 2017, there was a sharp decline in corporate bond-taking. Companies relied on long-term accumulation and platform resources, and bond-covering operations grew in the first half of the year.
Investment strategy: The company's many business developments are strong. The number of downloads and activity of the “Growing Wealth” continues to grow rapidly, laying a solid foundation for companies to follow up on value-added services.
In the future, it is expected that the transformation of wealth management will be carried out through the restructuring and improvement of the organizational system, the product system, and the service system.
This report is presented to the extent that you are aware of it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.