The net profit against market growth structure has continued to improve, the net return to the mother has increased by 2.99 billion, or 5.4 per cent over the same period, and the income structure has continued to improve.
Largely winning industry averages and income structure continues to be optimized: companies achieved a net return on their own in the first half of the year 1.14 billion dollars, a 24-fold increase in the same year, net interest income 1.72 billion, an 11 per cent increase in the same year, and self-employed operations earned 2.4 billion dollars (investment returns + fair value changes), same
Research assistant Ma Xiangyun, 36% more. In the context of rapid growth in asset management, investment, international operations, etc., the public focuses on wealth management, rapid growth in corporate asset management, corporate profitability patterns and revenue.
Structural excellence continues: in recent years, companies have focused on wealth management, managing financial needs on a continuous upward trend, actively moving to proactive management, with remarkable results. In the first half of the year, the size of corporate asset management reached 94.51 billion, with industry ranked second, with aggregate product size of 116.5 billion, or 12 per cent.
In the first half of the year, China-Thai managed 1,098 million dollars (70% of active business income), a 50% increase over the same year. At the same time, in the case of public fund-raising operations, corporate funds have a strong reputation for retail brokering, and Internet securities innovation has been or will be gradually reformed.
Present: 7.87 per cent of the market share of corporate brokerage during the reporting period, maintained for the third year in a row the first industry and maintained a sufficient gap with the second team (represented by Sino-China, Haitong, King of the Nation, municipal market data (11 August 2017)
The company’s core competitiveness and important barriers to retail brokering. At the same time, the company is actively engaged in innovation in Internet securities, gradual integration of standardized business on the line, and light physical networking, under which the company’s cost advantages are gradually emerging.
We believe that companies’ forward-looking layouts and reforms in the area of Internet securities will gradually be reflected, as evidenced by the firm’s steady level of commission rates against a backdrop of declining rates of industry commissions.
1. Huatai Securities: a twenty-six billion fixed increase, enabling companies in three major battles, the cost advantages of the company ' s top customer base + the lightening of the Internet Securities and Operations Department + the online experience platform for leading the industry (represented by Angry Wealth).
2. Huatai Securities: Stewardship is at the forefront, wealth management is a powerful moat with absolute vanity, and the transformation of corporate wealth management is beginning to bear fruit.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board