High-quality content in a user base, new rules for wide-band electricity or an enabling play series - 2025, performance rating. Mango supermix (300413.sz)
Billions of yuan, a 14.31 per cent decline in the same year; net profit from maternity is 763 million yuan, a 28.31 per cent decline in the same year; income from business growth from non-residual members' steady growth, and high-quality content-building, from members of the basic user company, is 2,496 million yuan, a slight increase, with om data showing that the average monthly living value of users of mangotv was equal to the same value during the reporting period.
A 14.24 per cent increase, with a single day per person standing at the top of the industry. During the year, the company was under the banner of Wind 2025, Singer 2025, the acetic “fault lead” and promoted the Mangotv mix of 2025h1 to be the most effective in the industry; Mango tv shows were effectively aired by 69 per cent more than in the same year, and the color of the country grew by 69 per cent.
The company continues to export high quality content and effectively activates user willingness to pay. As a follow-up to the outlook, such amphibious arts as "Class Break Out 7" are on the line, and the company has a reserve of "The Salt Fish Fly Up."
After more than 100 dramas, adding “Broadwire 21” to the latest policy support for the supply of content in the industry, or leading to the creation of more high-quality dramas, the exploration of diversified ip development and the development of international communication efficiency companies has been improving from content hatching to business.
The realized value is closed and ip's whole-industry chain is being developed: the Golden Eagle cartoons build a “programme plus action” double-ip-driven ecological system; the small manglers, in addition to their own online platforms, open the “Small Man's Global Flagship Shop” in Shanghai and make the first semi-annual profit. At the same time, the company implements the “Mango Three-Year Action Plan” by exploring it.
Increased international dissemination through local content creation, operation, cooperation, etc.: As of June 2025, the cumulative download of Mangotv international editions had been $295 million, an increase of 13.8 per cent from the beginning of the year.
The Division's content-side inputs are expected to yield returns over the long term, adding up to recent policy support, and we're looking at companies for a long time.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.