Mongo Super-Mechanism (300413.sz)
The decline in zhangheng2@guosen.com.cnchenyorong@guosen.com.cn is mainly due to the contraction of traditional television shopping lines; the decline in net profit returns is mainly due to the increased investment by the Department of Public Administration in the content, ecological layout and technology applications of the head film.
The core platform has performed well and the operator's business has resumed growth. 1) In the first half of the year, the Mango tv Internet received $4,882 million, a 1.5 per cent decline in the same year, maintaining overall stability; Mango tv users received 52 weeks of maximum/minimum prices
The monthly average has grown by 14.24 per cent over the same period and has been consistently at the forefront of the industry for one day per person; members ' operating income has recovered significantly during the first quarter but continues to be under considerable pressure; and (2) the operator ' s operating income is $800 million, a 7 per cent increase over the same period, recovering after 24 years of significant decline in industry governance, among other things.
In the first half of the year, Mango tv was the most effective player in the industry. Singer 2025, an innovative set-up and viewing model with a 4-k-high, user-interactive viewing model.
Experience: 90 million hits in the total number of live interactions; Wind 2025 breaks through the traditional pattern of studio recording, setting the stage outdoor for the first time, with a peak of qm per month showing an increase of more than 30 per cent compared to the previous season; 2) Mango tv shows in the first half of the year showed an increase of 69 per cent in the same number of live shows, keeping up fast.
The Mango episode was created by Mango, with a record of 40 million hits in a cloud collection, and the Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Fly-Five-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-F-F-F-F-F-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-
“Mango super-media (300413.sz) - Annual and quarterly reviews: input to suppress short-term integration impact, adding up to the latest policy of the industry authorities on the supply of content to the television and television sector” “Mango super-media (300413.sz) Quarterly review: income tax impact on short-term jobs”
Support will result in the creation of more high-quality dramas; 3) the strategic layout of mini-fictions will accelerate, with the first half of Mango Supermix (300413.sz)-24 mid-year review: Income Tax Impacts Short-Term Performance: Mango tv Shortlines 1179 on the Mango tv Plan, nearly seven times higher than in the same period last year.
The Mango Supermoment (300413.sz)-23 Annual Report and 24q1 rating: advertising speeds up to the perfect short play "Gang Song" to the top of the 5th-month cat-eye, the first piping of the wind, the birth of the short play "Thirty-Thirty-Thirty-Four Winds" is about to be launched: the "Seads" series and the "Oranges" series.
A series of long-end effects, such as the Mango Super-Mechanism (300413.sz)-q3, focused on members and the advertising industry, and a series of long-end effects, such as the New Dragongate Inn, will be converted into short-forms. Keeping an eye on the company’s content and platform’s operational advantages and maintaining a “better than the big market” rating.
The decline in business was mainly due to the contraction of traditional television shopping lines; the fall in net profit from the fall was mainly due to the company’s increased investment in head-vision film content, ecological layout, and technology applications. The core platform’s business performance was robust, and the operator’s business resumed growth.) The Mangotv Internet video industry grew in the first half of the year.
The average monthly activity of mango tv was 14.24 per cent higher than the average for the previous quarter, and the average daily use per person remained at the forefront of the industry: member business income was 2,496 million yuan, which continued to grow; advertising generated operating income of 1,587 million yuan, which was notably warmer than in the quarter.
Faced with greater pressure; 2) Operators’ operating income was $800 million, an increase of 7% over the same year, and renewed growth after a significant decline in 24 years of industry governance, among other things. The eco-economy of content continued to improve, and the art and drama series continued to show good performance.
The cloud data show that in the first half of the year, Mango tv was the most effective player in the industry. Singer 2025, an innovative horizontal screen viewing model, created a 4-k-high, user-interactive experience with a total of 90 million live interactions; Wind 2025, breaking the traditional pattern of studio recording, set the stage for the first time.
On the outside, the qm monthly peak was more than 30% higher than in the previous season; 2) in the first half of the year, Mango tv was effectively aired by 69% more than in the previous quarter, maintaining a rapid upswing. The Mango series, launched by National Fragrance, showed the first 40 million performances in the cloud collection, and the Five-Five-Pedals went to the top 11 times.
The company's reserves include nearly 100 films such as "The Salt Fish Fly" and "Bones of Wild Dogs", Mangotv, Lake South Watch platforms with a combined influence across the network and on the stage, adding up to the latest policy support of the industry authorities to listen to the content of the industry on wide television, which will generate more high-quality dramas;
The strategic layout has accelerated, with the Mango tv microscopic dramas in the first half of the year, nearly seven times more than in the same period last year. The home-made screen shorts, Kang Song, went up to the top of the cat's eye for the 5th month plays effectively; the first pip-derived miniscopics, 2025th by the wind, are about to come online; and the rejoicing series and others.
With the platform’s operational advantages, the “better than the big city” rating will be maintained. The authors ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusions.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author