Non-financial first-time coverage report for the media, Mango supermedia (300413.sz)
On September 8th, the global launch of the singing talent selection program, The Voice 2025, was held in Beijing.
\triangleright Chen Liang Dynasty is the rarest in the industry.
• Co-operative art production.
The programme is based on the core standards of “music test + nutrient evaluation” and the establishment of a multi-ethnic track of ethnic, aesthetic, popular and other races, with the extensive application of cutting-edge techniques such as 4k super-high-cleaning broadcast, and the use of live live music.
The pre-selection phase will open a series of six competitions, from 4 October to 12 October. The final phase will open 12 live broadcasts on the weekly day-to-day gold slot starting on 9 November.
To enrich the television screen, and to promote a number of initiatives for the provision of television content. Several initiatives emphasize the need for a variety of measures to strengthen content-building and the provision of high-quality television content. Implementation of the content-renewing plan and enhancement of content innovation; improvement of management policies, such as the number of television dramas and the frequency of quarterly television broadcasts; and improvement of the content review of television dramas, optimization of mechanisms and improvement of their content.
Efficiency; enhanced dissemination of ultra-high-quality programming; enhanced documentaries, animated film productions; encouragement of support for the introduction of fine short shows into television broadcasts; promotion of the introduction of excellent foreign programmes, etc. At the same time, strengthening the relevant legal and regulatory framework and the protection of copyrights for programmes.
In the first half of 2025, Singer 2025 recorded a total of 90 million live interactions; Wind 2025 qm recorded a peak of more than 30% over the previous quarter. According to cloud data, Mangotv screen shows were effectively aired by 69% more than in the first half of the year.
In terms of reserves, the company’s subsequent stock shows include the short screens of The Dragons, The Salt Fish Flies, and The Bones of Wild Dogs. In addition, the company has been active in a microplay, 25h1 mangotv’s mini-fiction.
1179, nearly seven times more than in the same period last year, followed by a series of "Rejords" and a series of "New Dragongate Inn" with significant end-effects, i.e., stage-level ip. Netflix, East Pearl, and New Media shares were selected as comparable companies, and companies were expected to follow up in view of the warmth of the long-time market under the New Deal.
The programme is well-stocked, and the Sounding 2025 is expected to lead to an increase in the size of the marketplace, boosting the revenue from advertising, covering it for the first time, and my personal perceptions of the target securities and issuers. I have worked diligently and professionally, using information on legal compliance, and have produced this report independently and objectively, without any part of the remuneration received by this person having been associated, directly or indirectly, with the specific investment opinions or opinions in this report.